<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230403_10-K_edgar_data_1138978_0001493152-23-010679.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13531246</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>775061</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1927124</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4934765</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2417927</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3130753</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010679.hdr.sgml : 20230403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230403172728
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010679
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001138978
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ENGINES & TURBINES [3510]
		IRS NUMBER:				593691650
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40089
		FILM NUMBER:		23794017

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11120 NE 2ND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(206) 617-9797

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11120 NE 2ND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TURBINE TRUCK ENGINES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010420

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010679.txt : 20230403

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______, 20 ____, to ______, 20_____. 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 ,

(Address of Principal Executive
 Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

N/A 

 (Former
name or former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on an attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, February 28, 2022, was . 

There
were shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

Novo
Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Contents 

Page 
 
 Part I 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 48 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 86 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 86 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 87 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 87 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 88 
 
 Item 6. 
 R eserved 
 89 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 89 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 114 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 115 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 116 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 116 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 116 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 116 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 117 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 123 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 128 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 130 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 131 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 132 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 136 

Signatures 
 137 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. s industry, management
beliefs, and assumptions made by management. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, 
 believes, seeks, estimates, variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to
identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict; therefore, actual results and outcomes may differ materially from what is
expressed or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in our forward-looking
statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, it is not possible to foresee or identify all factors that could have a material effect
on the future financial performance of the Company. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made on the
basis of management s assumptions and analyses, as of the time the statements are made, in light of their experience and perception
of historical conditions, expected future developments and other factors believed to be appropriate under the circumstances. Except as
otherwise required by the federal securities laws, we disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly release any updates or revisions
to any forward-looking statement contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the information incorporated by reference in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances
on which any statement is based. 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Business
Overview 

Novo
Integrated Sciences, Inc. Novo Integrated was incorporated in Delaware on November 27, 2000, under the name Turbine Truck
Engines, Inc. On February 20, 2008, the Company was re-domiciled to the State of Nevada. Effective July 12, 2017, the Company s
name was changed to Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. When used herein, the terms the Company, we, us 
and our refer to Novo Integrated and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

The
Company owns Canadian and U.S. subsidiaries which provide, or intend to provide, essential and differentiated solutions to the delivery
of multidisciplinary primary care and related wellness products through the integration of medical technology, interconnectivity, advanced
therapeutics, diagnostic solutions, unique personalized product offerings, and rehabilitative science. 

We
believe that decentralizing healthcare, through the integration of medical technology and interconnectivity, is an essential
solution to the rapidly evolving fundamental transformation of how non-catastrophic healthcare is delivered both now and in the future.
Specific to non-critical care, ongoing advancements in both medical technology and inter-connectivity are allowing for a shift of the
patient/practitioner relationship to the patient s home and away from on-site visits to primary medical centers with mass-services.
This acceleration of ease-of-access in the patient/practitioner interaction for non-critical care diagnosis and subsequent
treatment minimizes the degradation of non-critical health conditions to critical conditions as well as allowing for more cost-effective
healthcare distribution. 

The
Company s decentralized healthcare business model is centered on three primary pillars to best support the transformation of non-catastrophic
healthcare delivery to patients and consumers: 

First Pillar: Service Networks.
 Deliver multidisciplinary primary care services through (i) an affiliate network of clinic facilities, (ii) small and micro footprint
 sized clinic facilities primarily located within the footprint of box-store commercial enterprises, (iii) clinic facilities operated
 through a franchise relationship with the Company, and (iv) corporate operated clinic facilities. 

Second Pillar: Technology.
 Develop, deploy, and integrate sophisticated interconnected technology, interfacing the patient to the healthcare practitioner thus
 expanding the reach and availability of the Company s services, beyond the traditional clinic location, to geographic areas
 not readily providing advanced, peripheral based healthcare services, including the patient s home. 

Third Pillar: Products.
 Develop and distribute effective, personalized health and wellness product solutions allowing for the customization of patient preventative
 care remedies and ultimately a healthier population. The Company s science-first approach to product innovation further emphasizes
 our mandate to create and provide over-the-counter preventative and maintenance care solutions. 

Innovation
through science combined with the integration of sophisticated, secure technology assures us of continued cutting edge advancement in
patient first platforms. 

First
Pillar Service Networks for Hands-on Patient Care 

Our
clinicians and practitioners provide certain multidisciplinary primary health care services, and related products, beyond the medical
doctor first level contact identified as primary care. Our clinicians and practitioners are not licensed medical doctors, physicians,
specialist, nurses or nurse practitioners. Our clinicians and practitioners are not authorized to practice primary care medicine and
they are not medically licensed to prescribe pharmaceutical based product solutions. 

Our
team of multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians and practitioners provide assessment, diagnosis, treatment, pain management,
rehabilitation, education and primary prevention for a wide array of orthopedic, musculoskeletal, sports injury, and neurological conditions
across various demographics including pediatric, adult, and geriatric populations through our 17 corporate-owned clinics, a contracted
network of affiliate clinics, and eldercare related long-term care homes, retirement homes, and community-based locations in Canada. 

1 

Our
specialized multidisciplinary primary health care services include physiotherapy, chiropractic care, manual/manipulative therapy, occupational
therapy, eldercare, massage therapy (including pre- and post-partum), acupuncture and functional dry needling, chiropody, stroke and
traumatic brain injury/neurological rehabilitation, kinesiology, vestibular therapy, concussion management and baseline testing, trauma
sensitive yoga and meditation for concussion-acquired brain injury and occupational stress-PTSD, women s pelvic health programs,
sports medicine therapy, assistive devices, dietitian, holistic nutrition, fall prevention education, sports team conditioning programs
including event and game coverage, and private personal training. 

Additionally,
we continue to expand our patient care philosophy of maintaining an on-going continuous connection with our current and future patient
community, beyond the traditional confines of brick-and-mortar facilities, by extending oversight of patient diagnosis, care and monitoring,
directly through various Medical Technology Platforms either in-use or under development. 

The
occupational therapists, physiotherapists, chiropractors, massage therapists, chiropodists and kinesiologists contracted, by NHL, to
provide occupational therapy, physical therapy and fall prevention assessment services are registered with the College of Occupational
Therapists of Ontario, the College of Physiotherapists of Ontario, College of Chiropractors of Ontario, College of Massage Therapists
of Ontario, College of Chiropodists of Ontario, and the College of Kinesiologists of Ontario regulatory authorities. 

Our
strict adherence to public regulatory standards, as well as self-imposed standards of excellence and regulation, have allowed us to navigate
with ease through the industry s licensing and regulatory framework. Compliant treatment, data and administrative protocols are
managed through a team of highly trained, certified health care and administrative professionals. We and our affiliates provide service
to the Canadian property and casualty insurance industry, resulting in a regulated framework governed by the Financial Services Commission
of Ontario. 

Affiliate
Clinics 

In
order to strengthen our position within the Canadian Preferred Provider Network PPN ), we ve built a contracted affiliate
relationship with 115 clinics across Canada with 85 affiliate clinics in Ontario province and 30 affiliate clinics located throughout
Alberta, Nova Scotia and Newfoundland. 

The
PPN is a network of three major insurance companies and their subsidiaries, totaling 16 insurance companies. PPN member insurance companies,
in need of specific multidisciplinary primary health care solutions for their patients, send referrals to specific clinics registered
through the PPN. We, as one of five major providers to the PPN, receive referrals through the PPN. This subset of business is a continuous
source of referrals, from the insurance company payer to the approved group of clinics meeting the insurance companies pre-determined
set of criteria for what they believe to be an appropriate clinical setting. Affiliate clinics pay us a mix of a flat fee and a percentage-based
fee upon receipt of a payment for a service referred through the PPN. 

The
services provided by our affiliate clinics are consistent with the multidisciplinary primary health care services provided by our own
corporate clinics. While each affiliate clinic may provide additional unique health care solutions, all affiliate clinics must meet specific
criteria established under the PPN, creating a single standard of excellence across all clinics within our network. 

LA
Fitness U.S. and Canada Micro Clinics 

In
September 2019, through its U.S. subsidiary Novomerica Health Group, Inc. Novomerica and its Canadian subsidiary, Novo
Healthnet Limited, the Company entered into exclusive Master Facility License Agreements License Agreement to establish
and operate reduced footprint clinics, or micro-clinics , to provide outpatient physical and/or occupational therapy services
and related products within LA Fitness facilities in both the U.S. and Canada. In March 2020, as a result of guidelines issued by local,
state, federal, and provincial authorities due to the COVID-19 pandemic, LA Fitness U.S. and Canada closed all facilities nationwide.
As a result, all contractual terms and conditions of both our U.S. and Canada Master Facility License Agreements were placed on hold
through fiscal year 2021 with all parties expressing the intent to amend both the U.S. and Canada License Agreements and related timelines
to launch our LA Fitness micro-clinic facilities as normal activity resumes in the LA Fitness U.S. and Canada facilities. 

2 

On
December 15, 2021, NHL entered into an Amended and Restated Master Facility License Agreement (the Amended and Restated Canada
License Agreement with LAF Canada Company LA Fitness Canada ). The Amended and Restated Canada License Agreement
had the effect of (i) removing NHL s obligation to develop and open a certain number of facilities within certain designated time
periods; and (ii) revising the default provisions such that certain defaults will result only in termination with respect to a specific
facility, rather than of the license itself. As a result of the Amended and Restated Canada License Agreement, NHL may continue to develop
and open additional facilities for business. 

We
cannot guarantee that the U.S. License Agreement will be amended to allow for an extension of its timeline. Currently, under both government
and internal corporate directives, LA Fitness continues to both open and expand operations, access and services offered in both its U.S.
and Canada facilities. Opening of our micro-clinic facilities may vary from state to state and province-to-province; however, our model
plan to partner and sub-license with existing local clinic ownership to launch and operate each of our LA Fitness micro-clinic facilities
remains intact. Due to the ever-changing conditions surrounding the operations of both U.S. and Canada based LA Fitness facilities, we
are unable to verify our schedule to commence opening our micro-clinics, but we are tentatively planning on a target of the latter part of 2023. 

Eldercare 

The
Company s eldercare related operations provide physiotherapy PT ), occupational therapy OT ), assessment
and application assistance for assistive devices, fall prevention programs, community-based strengthening and general flexibility exercise
classes, rehabilitative strategies and continuing education to eldercare clients, including caregivers and family members as applicable,
in various long-term care homes, retirement homes and community-based locations across the province of Ontario, Canada. 

As
a result of NHL s September 2013 asset acquisition of Peak Health LTC Inc, an Ontario corporation formed in 2006, NHL has more
than 15-years experience of providing certain multidisciplinary related healthcare services and products to the eldercare community.
In 2017, based on the philosophical overlap and synchronicity between PT and OT, NHL launched its occupational therapy sector of services
for our eldercare clients. NHL s eldercare focused OT and PT services and product are in direct competition with the top providers
in this sector. We offer one of the most extensive rosters of OT and PT clinicians certified by the Ministry of Health for assistive
device assessment under the Assistive Device Program which, when the individual meets the criteria, allows our eldercare clients access
to significant funding subsidies to purchase varying mobility aids (such as walkers, wheelchairs, seating, and power wheelchairs/scooters). 

Additionally,
our proprietary Electronic Rehabilitation Record and Management Reporting software solution provides us the ability to deliver each eldercare
location with a wide-array of detailed PT and OT reports that include, among other things: (i) client specific treatment details, (ii)
identifying cost and optimization possibilities, (iii) outlining a wide variety of client outcome measurements, (iv) analyzing overall
contract effectiveness, and (v) producing indicators which assist the NHL team to target opportunities for improved team efficiency.
This software comes with an ability to provide a graphically illustrated report card for contribution to annual, interdisciplinary
care conferences with staff and family members, as well as fall reporting capacities, which are central to many homes fall prevention
committee meetings. Additionally, data generated by the software allows members from both the NHL team and the eldercare facility team
to identify residents who fall frequently and allow for the inter-disciplinary team to put strategies in place to better reduce a resident s
 fall-risk . 

NHL
has created and delivers, through online virtual technology, a variety of eldercare related educational in-service programs which include
topics such as nursing restorative education, back education and other eldercare-relevant topics such as osteoporosis, fall prevention,
wheelchair positioning, and least restraints. NHL has designed its virtual online education in-service programs and modules to be presented
in a variety of formats to facilitate the different capacity and styles of learning common to senior-aged individuals. 

3 

Our
eldercare PT services are provided as follows: 

1. 
 Long-Term Care Homes .
 NHL contracts with long-term care homes to provide individualized, onsite PT and group exercise classes for its residents. Registered
 physiotherapists are assisted by on-site support personnel to deliver individualized care, based on assessed needs, and with a goal
 of assisting each resident to attain and maintain their highest level of function possible with their activities of daily living.
 These services are primarily funded by the Ontario Ministry of Long-Term Care MLTC ). The NHL team assists in providing
 assistive device assessments allowing residents access to funding assistance for varying mobility aids (such as walkers, wheelchairs,
 seating, and power wheelchairs/scooters). In addition to providing PT services, our team assists the long-term care home s
 interdisciplinary team in the homes annual care conferences with its residents. Through the provision of education regarding
 nursing restorative programming, our team assists the long-term care home s team in back education, fall prevention and many
 other subjects related to PT or physical health and wellness. The NHL team works together with the interdisciplinary team to assist
 with mandatory coding of Canada s Resident Assessment Instrument Minimum Data Set RAI-MDS which is the standardized
 assessment tool required for the home to access payment from the MLTC for each resident. Additionally, through NHL s proprietary
 software, the homes have access to abundant reporting solutions to help provide objective and quantitative measures for their continuous
 quality improvement program. NHL s proprietary software provides our eldercare client locations with the unique ability to
 login and access multiple data points related to a multitude of therapy services provided to its residents, allowing for detailed,
 rapid reporting and accountability. 

2. 
 Retirement Homes .
 We contract with client retirement homes to provide individualized PT and group exercise classes to the retirement homes residents.
 Registered physiotherapists are assisted by the onsite support personnel to deliver individualized care based on assessed needs,
 again with a goal of assisting the residents participating in therapy to attain and maintain their level of function related to the
 activities of daily living. These services are partially funded by the individual and partly funded by the MLTC. Similar to the long-term
 care sector, our team assists with education of the nursing/interdisciplinary team, provides in depth service reports to the homes
 to measure desired service delivery and our proprietary software allows for the retirement home to have the same unique login capacity.
 In addition to the services above, some of the residents in the retirement homes, and as applicable the resident s family members,
 can request and authorize receiving an increased level of physiotherapy related services available privately on a fee-for-service
 basis paid by the individual. In addition, access to Registered Massage Therapists and Speech Language Pathologists is also offered
 on a fee-for-service basis. 

3. 
 Community Based Home
 Care Physiotherapy. Throughout the province of Ontario, the MLTC operates 14 Home and Community Care Support Services organizations
 HCCSS which are health authorities responsible for regional administration of public health care services. The HCCSS s
 serve as contact points, information clearing houses, referral resources, and assessment / care coordinators for eligible residents
 who need health care assistance at home or a safer place to live through aging at home strategies that can be put in place by health
 care providers. Through service contracts, the HCCSS s engage cluster providers to provide services to clients
 living in the community, clients living at-home or clients living in a retirement home. These service contracts are funded by the
 MLTC. 

NHL is a cluster
 provider sub-contractor for home care physiotherapy in the Northeast HCCSS which encompasses more than 565,000 people across
 400,000 square kilometers and five sub-regions. Through this subcontract arrangement, we provide one-on-one physiotherapy assessment
 and treatment to clients who cannot easily access outpatient services due to mobility challenges. Primarily, these clients are elderly
 with multiple co-morbidities, although some clients are not elderly and are instead simply post-operative with mobility challenges. 

4. 
 Community Based Group
 Exercise Classes Fall Prevention Programs. NHL has contracted with 2 cluster providers to provide group exercise
 classes and fall prevention programs (consisting of an assessment accompanied by education and group exercise classes) in 3 separate
 HCCSS s (Central, Toronto Central and Central East) which encompass the Greater Toronto area with an estimated aggregate population
 of 4.4 million people. In 2013, the MLTC introduced several initiatives designed to assist seniors in maintaining an active and healthy
 lifestyle while still living at home. Under the 2013 initiative, exercise instructors under contract with NHL, deliver group exercise
 classes over a 48-week period each year. 

4 

In addition, another component
 of the 2013 MLTC initiative is the delivery of fall prevention programs with entry and exit assessments completed by specialized
 registered providers such as kinesiologists and physiotherapists with the assistance of exercise instructors for the group class
 and education portion of the program. The goal of these classes is to assess seniors general health status, identify defined
 levels of risk pertaining to balance and falling, and educate seniors about fall prevention through a combination of increased knowledge
 and teaching exercises designed to improve strength and balance. 

5. 
 Community-based Outpatient
 Clinics. NHL provides outpatient physiotherapy, chiropractic, and laser technology services through a community-based clinic
 in the province of Ontario. The services provided at the clinic are funded by Motor Vehicle Accident treatment plans, extended health
 benefits insurance coverage, or private payment. A portion of the services provided at the clinic are funded by the MLTC in the form
 of Episodes of Care and these services are specifically targeted to be delivered to clients who meet the following criteria: 

Aged 65 years of age and
 older or aged 18 years of age and younger, and 

Are post-operative, or 

Have just been discharged
 from a hospital, or 

Are receiving services
 from the Ontario Disability Services Program or Ontario Works. 

Our
eldercare OT services are provided, through two separate sectors, as follows: 

1. 
 Long-Term Care Sector .
 We contract with client homes to provide the following OT services: 

Assessments and interventions
 to support maintenance and restoration of function related to seating, mobility, positioning for self-care, prevention of pressure
 ulcers, falls and use of restraints, 

Speech language pathology
 services, including evaluation and treatment, 

Swallowing and eating assessments
 and interventions, 

Cognitive behavioral assessments
 and care planning, 

Our occupational therapists
 have specialized training in mobility providing assistive device assessments when required. This service is funded primarily by the
 MLTC. 

2. 
 Retirement Home 
 Community. We provide the following OT services through individual contracts with private payers: 

Home safety assessments, 

Functional assessments, 

In-home activities of daily living assessments, 

Assessment and completion of applications for assistive
 devices (mobility aids), 

Custom seating and mobility consultations, 

Case management services, and 

Speech language pathology services, including evaluation
 and treatment. 

Second
Pillar Interconnected Technology for Virtual Ecosystem of Services, Products and Digital Health Offerings 

Decentralization
through the integration of interconnected technology platforms has been adopted and is thriving in a variety of sectors and industries
such as transportation (Uber, Lyft), real estate (Zillow, Redfin, Airbnb, VRBO), used car sales (Carvana, Vroom), stock and financial
markets (Robinhood, Acorns, Webull) and so many other sectors. Yet decentralization of the non-critical primary care and wellness sector
of healthcare is lagging significantly in capability and benefit for patient access and delivery of services and products. The COVID
pandemic has taught both patients and healthcare providers the viability, importance, and benefits of decentralized access to primary
care simply through the rapid adoption of telehealth/telemedicine. 

5 

The
Company s focus on a holistic approach to patient-first health and wellness, through innovation and decentralization, includes
maintaining an on-going continuous connection with our current and future patient community, beyond the traditional confines of brick-and-mortar
facilities, by extending oversight of patient evaluation, diagnosis, treatment solutions, and monitoring, directly through various Medical
Technology Platforms and periphery tools either in-use or under development. Through the integration and deployment of sophisticated
and secure technology and periphery diagnostic tools, the Company is working to expand the reach of our non-critical primary care services
and product offerings, beyond the traditional clinic locations, to geographic areas not readily providing advanced primary care service
to date, including the patient s home. 

Novo
Connect 

The
Company believes the healthcare industry is in the early stages of a fundamental transformation of the patient-practitioner-health insurer
relationship whereby the patient is demanding greater control and care collaboration for their health and wellness needs while the practitioner
desires dramatic improved efficiency in the delivery of their expertise to the patient. Novo Connect, the Company s proprietary
mobile application, is a secure, cloud-based health and commerce web application intended to assist patients as they explore, connect,
manage, and have direct control of their personalized health and wellness needs. Novo Connect is designed to integrate the Company s
interconnected technology and provide the patient a single platform with a robust healthcare ecosystem of services, products and digital
health offerings. 

The
current system for delivery and access to primary care is fragmented, requiring patients to use multiple access points, portals, and
applications to track various practitioner and health plan interactions for which each practitioner and health plan maintains separate
records. Too many times, as a patient ages, the current systems make it almost impossible to have a central data set of a patients 
health history, many times losing various time periods of health history. Novo Connect is intended to empower the patient by providing
a single platform that offers the care services, tracking, and secure recordkeeping to better navigate care choices. 

Specific
to non-critical care, the patient-practitioner relationship is shifting away from on-site visits to primary medical centers with mass-services
and to the patient s home and micro-clinics. Novo Connect is intended to provide ease-of-access in the patient/practitioner
interaction for non-critical care diagnosis and subsequent treatment minimizing the degradation of non-critical health conditions to
critical conditions as well as allowing for more cost-effective healthcare distribution. The services and products available through
Novo Connect may be provided either directly by the Company or an affiliated network of service or product providers across a variety
of specialties. 

Novo
Connect is intended to provide a suite of secure, reliable engagement features including, but not limited to, 

Connect
 Now : a real-time scheduling solution to connect with our affiliate practitioners and
 physicians 
 
 Connect
 Storag e: Secure Document storage 
 
 Connect
 Community : a community chat forum to share and discuss various conditions to include
 curated channels offering health and wellness solutions and insight 
 
 Connect
 CarePlan a patient-specific care plan developed by providers, augmented with
 product and service solutions, to address various conditions 
 
 Remote
 bill pay 
 
 Remote
 patient monitoring interface 

As
of August 31, 2022, Novo Connect is in limited commercialization through certain of the Company s corporate owned clinics with
expanded commercialization intended to launch in the latter part of 2023. 

Telemedicine/Telehealth 

The
pandemic has taught both patients and healthcare providers the viability, importance, and benefits of telemedicine technology for non-catastrophic
primary care. Telemedicine is transforming traditional approaches to healthcare by providing ease of access and reduced costs for patients,
particularly in areas with limited access to both clinicians and medically licensed providers. In a post-pandemic global environment,
telemedicine is more readily being adopted by patients, practitioners, clinicians, medical licensed providers, and health insurers for
limited diagnostic and treatment solutions. We believe to date, telehealth technology usage is one dimensional and limiting in comfort
for practitioners to provide in-depth diagnosis and treatment solutions. 

6 

Through
both internal development and partnerships, the Company is working to provide the next generation of telehealth technology to offer the
patient and the practitioner a sophisticated and enhanced telehealth interaction using an interface of sophisticated periphery based
diagnostic tools, such as a blood pressure reading device, a derma scope, an ophthalmoscope, otoscope, and other add-ons operated by
skilled support workers in the patient s remote location. This enhanced telehealth experience allows for the practitioner and patient
to have a much higher level of ability and comfort to provide a uniquely comprehensive evaluation, diagnosis, and treatment solution
thus dramatically elevating the effectiveness of virtual visits that are more resource efficient and as effective as a physical visit. 

Remote
Patient Monitoring RPM 

Through
our licensing agreement with Cloud DX, our RPM platform empowers a patient to have direct control of collecting and monitoring real-time
vital sign information while maintaining a direct technology link from patient to clinician or medical practitioner. The transfer of
vital information from home to clinic or patient to clinician allows for the delivery of high quality, non-redundant diagnostic based
proactive healthcare. The implementation of in-clinic patient metrics equivalent to those derived via a remote application in the home
environment is the first step in engaging patient retention to remote review. The Cloud DX platform allows us to further expand on our
patient-first care philosophy of maintaining an on-going connection with our patient community, beyond the traditional confines of a
clinic, extending oversight of patient care and monitoring directly into the patient s home. 

Third
Pillar Health and Wellness Products 

We
believe our science first approach to product offerings further emphasizes the Company s strategic vision to innovate, evolve,
and deliver over-the-counter preventative and maintenance care solutions as well as therapeutics and personalized diagnostics that enable
individualized health optimization. 

As
the Company s patient base grows through the expansion of its corporate owned clinics, its affiliate network, its micro-clinic
facility openings, its interconnected technology platforms, and other growth initiatives, the development and distribution of high-quality
wellness product solutions is integral to (i) offering effective product solutions allowing for the customization of patient preventative
care remedies and ultimately a healthier population, and (ii) maintaining an on-going relationship with our patients through the customization
of patient preventative and maintenance care solutions. 

The
Company s product offering ecosystem is being built through strategic acquisitions and engaging in licensing agreements with partners
that share our vision to provide a portfolio of products that offer an essential and differentiated solution to health and wellness globally. 

Acenzia
Inc. 

Acenzia
Inc. Acenzia ), was acquired by the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Novo Healthnet Limited in June 2021. Acenzia
is in the business of providing nutraceutical health solutions through advanced bio-science research and development, proprietary manufacturing,
and personalized diagnostics. In addition, Acenzia has developed a multiple international jurisdiction patented technology platform,
using zebra fish, which enables rapid analysis of cancer cells, offering cancer patients and their healthcare providers prediction of
early metastasis and drug sensitivity thereby providing important information for diagnosis and treatment Zgraft 

Acenzia,
founded in 2015, is licensed by multiple international government agencies including Health Canada, the U.S. FDA and the European Union
for Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) for over-the-counter and dietary supplement manufacturing. In addition, Acenzia maintains multiple
third-party licenses including from the National Sanitation Foundation International (NSF) for meeting the required public health standards
for manufacturing food, nutrition, and supplements. Acenzia is dedicated to the creation of innovative therapeutics and diagnostics that
enables individualized health optimization. 

Acenzia s
36,000 square foot facility is located in Windsor Ontario Canada and includes Class 100 pharmaceutical grade cleanrooms and certified
laboratories from which Acenzia creates and manufactures evidenced-based dietary, nutraceutical, and food products that can be validated
through personalized diagnostics. 

7 

PRO-DIP,
LLC 

PRO-DIP,
LLC PRO-DIP ), founded in 2015 and based in San Jose, California, was acquired by the Company in May 2021. PRO-DIP has
developed and commercialized its proprietary, patent-pending ION Energy oral pouch that delivers flavorful bursts of vitamins and natural
energy supplements through small, semi-permeable sachets placed in the mouth, between the gum and cheek or lip. The initial burst of
supplements is followed by extended absorption of the nutrients, providing long-lasting energy, even at high-exertion levels. With its
hand-free ease of consumption, the ION energy-rich pouch is an alternative to traditional sports supplements. On March 15, 2022, PRO-DIP
was issued U.S. Patent No. 11,273,965 by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on March 15, 2022. The 965 patent relates to PRO-DIP s
novel technology for manufacturing its oral supplement pouches. 

In
addition to the ION Energy oral pouch, PRO-DIP is developing other pouch types for applications such as hydration, immunity, multi-vitamin,
antioxidants, creatine, and sleep. 

The
PRO-DIP oral pouch delivery system offers broad market applications related to (i) nutritionally focused products and, (ii) medicinal
based formulations. The dissolvable oral pouch as the delivery mechanism for certain medications, normally swallowed in pill or tablet
format, between the cheek and gum for buccal absorption into the mouth s small blood vessels. 

PRO-DIP s
current distribution chain includes ADS, Inc., a leading value-added logistics and supply chain solutions provider that serves all branches
of the U.S. Military, federal, state, and local government organizations, law enforcement agencies, first responders, partner nations
and the defense industry. In addition, PRO-DIP is working to expand its distribution network to include convenience store chains in North
America. 

Terragenx
Inc. and Iodine Micro-nutrient 

On
November 17, 2021, NHL acquired a 91 controlling interest in Terragenx Inc. and the Company acquired the intellectual property portfolio
for the unique formulation and manufacturing capability to produce a water-soluble iodine micro-nutrient that is FDA and Health Canada
approved for over-the-counter and e-commerce distribution IoNovo ). 

Iodine
is a naturally occurring element and essential nutrient used by the thyroid gland to manufacture necessary hormones in the human body.
Iodine is recognized as a world class disinfectant and is one of nature s finest microbial killers of bacteria and virus deactivators.
Iodine is an essential micronutrient required for the human body to produce specific thyroid hormones (T3/T4) that activate and strengthen
our immune system. 

While
iodine alone cannot be ingested, through the acquisition of Terragenx and the Iodine IP, Novo has acquired the intellectual property
for iodine in an aqueous form that can be safely ingested and has been proven to kill viruses, bacteria and protozoa when sprayed onto
your mucous membranes, the entry points for various airborne viruses. 

The
Company has been granted Natural Product Numbers (NPN) by Health Canada for each of IoNovo GO Iodine, IoNovo Pure Iodine, IoNovo Iodide,
and IoNovo for Kids pure iodine oral spray. An NPN is a product license assessed and granted by Health Canada to commercialize a product
that is found to be safe, effective, and of high quality. 

The
IoNovo line of oral sprays are 100 pure and natural with no chemicals, no plastics, and no alcohol. 

8 

Intellectual
Property and Patents 

The
Company has acquired intellectual property, including patents, related to health sciences, personal diagnostics, and product applications
which include: 

1. 
 U.S.
 Patent No. 11,273,965 issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on March 15, 2022 for oral and/or buccal delivery pouch and
 the method of making same. The 965 patent relates to PRO-DIP s novel technology for manufacturing its oral supplement
 pouches. PRO-DIP s innovative, patented oral supplement pouch delivery system technology provides for broad market applications
 related to nutritionally focused products and medicinal based formulations. PRO-DIP s initial oral pouch commercial product
 offering, the ION Energy pouch, is designed for the delivery of flavorful bursts of vitamins and natural energy supplements through
 small, semi-permeable sachets placed in the mouth, between the gum and cheek or lip. The initial burst of supplements is followed
 by extended absorption of the nutrients, providing long-lasting energy, even at high-exertion levels. With its hands-free ease of
 consumption, the energy-rich pouches are an alternative to traditional sports supplements and deliver a daily serving of natural
 vitamins and nutrients. The invention of the pouch delivery system for nutraceuticals continues to gain mainstream interest from
 health product manufacturers, medical organizations, big pharma, the military, space organizations, CBD/hemp companies, humanitarian
 aid groups and the list goes on. 

2. 
 U.S.
 Patent No. 10,760,060B2, issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on September 1, 2020 for injection and incubation of circulating
 tumor cells from a cancer biopsy in zebrafish for accelerated prediction of cancer progression and response to treatment Zgraft ).
 Zgraft is a multiple international jurisdiction patented personalized diagnostic technology platform which , using zebra fish, enables
 rapid analysis of cancer cells, offering cancer patients and their healthcare providers prediction of early metastasis and drug sensitivity
 thereby providing important information for diagnosis and treatment. The Zgraft platform models tumor progression and analyzes a
 cancer cell s response to various treatment by transplanting human tumor tissue into a zebrafish allowing researchers to test
 an individual s tumor cells under various conditions to see how they might respond to certain drug combinations and how the
 cancer progresses all without exposing patients to the adverse effects of trying drug combinations that, ultimately, aren t
 effective for their cases. Essentially, by taking a sample of cancer cells from a patient s own tumors and studying them in
 a variety of conditions, doctors can now provide a more accurate prognosis of that individual s case. More importantly, we
 believe doctors can now test a variety of possible drug combinations to see how that articular patient s cancer will respond
 to them. 

3. 
 Intellectual
 property for generic primary and sub-primary drug formulations (known as bioequivalence) of name brand pharmaceutical reference products
 related to usage as injectables, ophthalmic, and topical applications. 

4. 
 Intellectual
 property for proprietary designs for a cannabis dosing device, TruDose, which provides real-time analysis for the amount of THC/CBD
 in the smoke/vapor stream, after the heat point, allowing that once the device has detected the medically prescribed pre-set amount
 of THC/CBD has been detected, the device shuts off the flow of smoke/vapor so that only the pre-determined dose can be inhaled. The
 TruDose device is designed and intended to create assurance to delivered doses potentially allowing for broader medical application
 adoption. 

5. 
 Iodine
 and IoNovo related Intellectual Property and patent pending as follows: 

a. 
 Canada
 patent pending for spray devices for dispensing aqueous iodine, and methods of making and using spray devices that dispense aqueous
 iodine 

b. 
 U.S.
 patent pending for controlled gaseous iodine sublimation from solid iodine for atmospheric iodine nutrition, disinfection and therapeutic
 uses 

c. 
 U.S.
 patent pending for an apparatus to produce atmospheric nutritional disinfectant iodine 

d. 
 U.S.
 patent pending for automated high output aqueous iodine production and bottling system 

9 

Recent
Developments 

Coronavirus
(COVID-19) 

While
all of the Company s business units are operational at the time of this filing, any future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the
Company s operations remains unknown and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted
with confidence, including the duration of the COVID-19 outbreak, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19
pandemic, and any additional preventative and protective actions that governments, or the Company, may direct, which may result in an
extended period of continued business disruption, reduced patient traffic and reduced operations. For more information regarding the
impact of COVID-19 on the Company, see Liquidity and Capital Resources Financial Impact of COVID-19 of this
annual report on Form 10-K. 

MiTelemed+
Joint Venture Agreement 

On
October 8, 2021, the Company and NHL completed a Joint Venture Agreement (the MiTelemed+ JV with EK-Tech Solutions Inc. EK-Tech to establish the joint venture company MiTelemed+ Inc., an Ontario province Canada corporation MiTelemed+ ),
to operate, support, and expand access and functionality of EK-Tech s enhanced proprietary Telehealth platform. At closing, EK-Tech
contributed all intellectual property, source code, and core data of the iTelemed platform, valued at CAD 1,500,000, and NHL issued to
EK-Tech, non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, which are issued solely for the purpose
of EK-Tech to exchange, for 185,000 restricted shares of Company s common stock solely upon EK-Tech meeting terms and conditions
for exchange of the NHL Exchangeable Special Shares as defined in the MiTelemed+ JV. The net profits and net losses of the JV will be
split 50/50 between NHL and EK-Tech. As of August 31, 2022, the terms and conditions for the exchange of the NHL Exchangeable Special
Shares had not been met. 

Terragenx
Share Exchange Agreement 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company and NHL, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into that certain Share Exchange Agreement
(the Terra SEA ), dated as of November 17, 2021, by and among the Company, NHL, Terragenx Inc. Terra ), TMS
Inc. TMS ), Shawn Mullins, Claude Fournier, and The Coles Optimum Health and Vitality Trust COHV and collectively
with TMS, Mr. Mullins and Mr. Fournier, the Terra Shareholders ). Collectively, the Terra Shareholders owned 91 of the
outstanding shares of Terra (the Terra Purchased Shares ). 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Terra SEA, NHL agreed to purchase from the Terra Shareholders, and the Terra Shareholders agreed to sell to NHL,
the Terra Purchased Shares on the closing date, in exchange for payment by NHL of the purchase price (the Purchase Price of CAD 500,000 (approximately 398,050) (the Exchange ). The Purchase Price was to be paid with the issuance, by NHL to
the Terra Shareholders, of certain non-voting NHL special shares exchangeable into restricted shares of the Company s common stock
(the NHL Exchangeable Shares ). The total shares of Company common stock allotted in favor of the Terra Shareholders was
calculated at a per share price of 3.35. 

The
Exchange closed on November 17, 2021. At the closing of the Exchange, (i) the Terra Shareholders transferred to NHL a total of 910 shares
of Terra common stock, representing 91 of Terra s outstanding shares, and (ii) a total of 100 NHL Exchangeable Shares were issued
to the Terra Shareholders, which NHL Exchangeable Shares are exchangeable into a total of 118,821 restricted shares of the Company s
common stock. As a result of the Exchange, NHL has 91 ownership of Terra and full control of the Terra business. 

Mullins
Asset Purchase Agreement 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company entered into that certain Asset Purchase Agreement (the Mullins APA ), dated as of November
17, 2021, by and between the Company and Terence Mullins. Pursuant to the terms of the Mullins APA, Mr. Mullins agreed to sell, and the
Company agreed to purchase, all of Mr. Mullins right, title and interest in and to certain assets directly and indirectly related
to any and all iodine-based related products and technologies as specified in the Mullins APA (the Mullins IP Assets ),
in exchange for a purchase price of CAD 2,500,000 (approximately 1,990,250) which is to be paid as follows: 

(a) 
 CAD 2,000,000 (approximately
 1,592,200) is to be issued or allotted to Mr. Mullins only after patent-pending status, in the U.S. or internationally, is designated
 for all Mullins IP Assets (the Mullins IP Assets CAD 2m Shares ), as either restricted shares of Company common stock
 or NHL Exchangeable Shares, as determined by Mr. Mullins. Once issued or allotted, the Mullins IP Assets CAD 2m Shares will be held
 in escrow pending registration and approval for all Mullins IP Assets, and 

(b) 
 CAD 500,000 (approximately
 398,050) is to be issued in the form of 118,821 restricted shares of Company common stock, free and clear of all liens, pledges,
 encumbrances, charges, or known claims of any kind, nature, or description, upon closing of the Mullins APA 

All
shares issued or allotted under the terms and conditions of the Mullins APA are calculated at a value of 3.35 per share. 

In
addition, the Company will pay a royalty equal to 10 of net revenue (net profit) of all iodine related sales reported through the Company
or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries for a period equal to the commercial validity of the intellectual property. 

10 

Jefferson
Street Capital Stock Purchase Agreement, Secured Convertible Promissory Note, Partial Payment and Extension of the Jefferson Note 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company and Terragenx Inc., a majority owned subsidiary of the Company Terra ), entered into
that certain securities purchase agreement (the Jefferson SPA ), dated as of November 17, 2021, by and among the
Company, Terra and Jefferson Street Capital LLC Jefferson ). Pursuant to the terms of the Jefferson SPA, (i) the
Company agreed to issue and sell to Jefferson the Jefferson Note (as hereinafter defined); (ii) the Company agreed to issue to
Jefferson the Jefferson Warrant (as hereinafter defined); and (iii) the Company agreed to issue to Jefferson 1,000,000 restricted
shares of Company common stock (the Collateral Shares ), as collateral on the Jefferson Note, which is being held by the escrow agent and subject to return
to the Company upon full payment of the Jefferson Note; and (iv) Jefferson agreed to pay to the Company 750,000 (the
 Jefferson Purchase Price ). 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Jefferson SPA, on November 17, 2021, Terra issued to Jefferson a secured convertible promissory note (the Jefferson
Note with a maturity date of May 17, 2022 (the Maturity Date ), in the principal amount of 937,500. The Company
acted as guarantor on the Jefferson Note. Pursuant to the terms of the Jefferson Note, Terra agreed to pay to Jefferson 937,500 (the
 Principal Amount ), with a purchase price of 750,000 plus an original issue discount in the amount of 187,500 (the OID ),
and to pay interest on the Principal Amount at the rate of 1 per annum. 

Any
amount of principal, interest or other amount due on the Jefferson Note that is not paid when due will bear interest at the rate of the
lesser of (i) 12 , or (b) the maximum rate allowed by law. 

Jefferson
may, at any time, convert all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid principal amount and interest into shares of the Company s
common stock at a conversion price of 3.35 per share. The Jefferson Note has a 4.99 equity blocker; provided, however, that the 4.99 
equity blocker may be waived (up to 9.99 by Jefferson, at Jefferson s election, on not less than 61 days prior notice
to the Company. 

On
November 17, 2021, Jefferson paid the Jefferson Purchase Price of 750,000 in exchange for the Jefferson Note. Terra intends to use the
proceeds for the acquisition of the certain assets directly and indirectly related to any and all iodine-based related products and technologies
as specified in the Asset Purchase Agreement (the Mullins APA ), dated as of November 17, 2021, by and between the Company
and Terence Mullins (the Mullins IP and thereafter for working capital and other general purposes. 

Terra
may prepay the Jefferson Note at any time in accordance with the terms of the Jefferson Note. 

Except
as related to the next transaction after the issue date of the Jefferson Note conducted on the Company s behalf by the Maxim Group
LLC Maxim ), Terra and the Company agreed to pay to Jefferson on an accelerated basis, any outstanding Principal Amount
of the Jefferson Note, along with all unpaid interest, and fees and penalties, if any, from the sources of capital below, at Jefferson s
discretion, it being acknowledged and agreed by Jefferson that the Company and Terra have the right to make bona fide payments to vendors
with Company common stock: 

At Jefferson s option,
 15 of the net cash proceeds of any future financings by the Company, Terra or any subsidiary, whether debt or equity, or any other
 financing proceeds such as cash advances, royalties or earn-out payments. 

All net proceeds from any
 sale of assets of the Company, Terra or any subsidiaries other than sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business or receipt
 by the Company or any subsidiaries of any tax credits or collections pursuant to any settlement or judgement. 

Net proceeds resulting
 from the sale of any assets outside of the ordinary course of business or securities in any subsidiary. 

On
June 1, 2022, the Company made a partial payment of 192,188 towards principal and interest owed on the Jefferson Note. On June 1,
2022, the Company and the note holder agreed to extend the maturity date to November 29, 2022 with a principal amount face value of
 937,500 and interest rate that shall accrue at a rate equal to 1 per annum. Effective February 16, 2023, the Jefferson Note has
been paid in full. See Financial Note 19 Subsequent Events for additional information regarding the Jefferson
Note. 

11 

Platinum
Point Capital Stock Purchase Agreement, Secured Convertible Promissory Note, and Full Payment of the Platinum Note 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company and Terra entered into that certain securities purchase agreement (the Platinum SPA ), dated
as of November 17, 2021, by and among the Company, Terra and Platinum Point Capital LLC Platinum ). Pursuant to the terms
of the Platinum SPA, (i) the Company agreed to issue and sell to Platinum the Platinum Note (as hereinafter defined); (ii) the Company
agreed to issue to Platinum the Platinum Warrant (as hereinafter defined); and (iii) the Company agreed to issue to Platinum 1,000,000
restricted shares of the Company common stock, as collateral on the Platinum Note, which is being held by the escrow agent and subject
to return to the Company upon full payment of the Platinum Note; and (iv) Platinum agreed to pay to the Company 750,000 (the Platinum
Purchase Price ). 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Platinum SPA, on November 17, 2021, Terra issued to Platinum a secured convertible promissory note (the Platinum
Note with a maturity date of May 17, 2022 (the Maturity Date ), in the principal amount of 937,500. The Company
acted as guarantor on the Platinum Note. Pursuant to the terms of the Platinum Note, Terra agreed to pay to Platinum 937,500 (the Platinum
Principal Amount ), with a purchase price of 750,000 plus an original issue discount in the amount of 187,500 (the OID ),
and to pay interest on the Principal Amount at the rate of 1 per annum. 

Any
amount of principal, interest or other amount due on the Platinum Note that is not paid when due will bear interest at the rate of the
lesser of (i) 12 , or (b) the maximum rate allowed by law. 

Platinum
may, at any time, convert all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid principal amount and interest into shares of the Company s
common stock at a conversion price of 3.35 per share. The Platinum Note has a 4.99 equity blocker; provided, however, that the 4.99 
equity blocker may be waived (up to 9.99 by Platinum, at Platinum s election, on not less than 61 days prior notice to
the Company. 

On
November 17, 2021, Platinum paid the Platinum Purchase Price of 750,000 in exchange for the Platinum Note. Terra intends to use the
proceeds for the acquisition of the Mullins IP and thereafter for working capital and other general purposes. 

Terra
may prepay the Platinum Note at any time in accordance with the terms of the Platinum Note. 

Except
as related to the next transaction after the issue date of the Platinum Note conducted on the Company s behalf by the Maxim, Terra
and the Company agreed to pay to Platinum on an accelerated basis, any outstanding Principal Amount of the Platinum Note, along with
all unpaid interest, and fees and penalties, if any, from the sources of capital below, at Platinum s discretion, it being acknowledged
and agreed by Platinum that the Company and Terra have the right to make bona fide payments to vendors with Company common stock: 

At Platinum s option,
 15 of the net cash proceeds of any future financings by the Company, Terra or any subsidiary, whether debt or equity, or any other
 financing proceeds such as cash advances, royalties or earn-out payments. 

All net proceeds from any sale of assets of the Company, Terra
or any subsidiaries other than sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business or receipt by the Company or any subsidiaries of
any tax credits or collections pursuant to any settlement or judgement. 

Net proceeds resulting
 from the sale of any assets outside of the ordinary course of business or securities in any subsidiary 

On
June 1, 2022, the Company made an aggregated payment of 948,874, including all principal and interest owed, on the Platinum Note. 

12 

December
2021 Registered Direct Offering 

On
December 14, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an accredited institutional investor (the Purchaser pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue to the Purchaser and the Purchaser agreed to purchase (the Purchase ), in
a registered direct offering, (i) 16,666,666 aggregate principal amount of the Company s senior secured convertible notes, which
notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, under certain conditions (the Notes and (ii) warrants
to purchase up to 5,833,334 shares of the Company s common stock (the Warrants ). The securities, including up to
68,557,248 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion under the Notes and up to 5,833,334 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants, are being offered by the Company pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-254278),
which was declared effective by the SEC on March 22, 2021. The Purchase closed on December 14, 2021. 

The
Notes have an original issue discount of 10 , resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of 15,000,000. The Notes bear interest of 5 
per annum and mature on June 14, 2023, unless earlier converted or redeemed, subject to the right of the Purchaser to extend the date
under certain circumstances. The Company will make monthly payments on the first business day of each month commencing on the calendar
month immediately following the sixth month anniversary of the issuance of the Notes through June 14, 2023, the maturity date, consisting
of an amortizing portion of the principal of each Note equal to 1,388,888 and accrued and unpaid interest and late charges on the Notes.
All amounts due under the Notes are convertible at any time, in whole or in part, at the holder s option, into common stock at
the initial conversion price of 2.00, which conversion price is subject to certain adjustments; provided, however, that the Notes have
a 9.99 equity blocker. If an event of default occurs, the holder may convert all, or any part, of the principal amount of a Note and
all accrued and unpaid interest and late charge at an alternate conversion price, as described in the Notes. Subject to certain conditions,
the Company has the right to redeem all, but not less than all, of the remaining principal amount of the Notes and all accrued and unpaid
interest and late charges in cash at a price equal to 135 of the amount being redeemed. 

The
Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of 2.00 per share and expire on the fourth anniversary of December 14, 2021, the initial
issuance date of the Warrants. 

As
of August 31, 2022, the principal balance owed on the December 14, 2021 Notes is approximately 11,230,555. See Financial Note 19 Subsequent Events for additional information regarding the December 14, 2021 Notes. 

LA
Fitness Canada Amended and Restated License Agreement Amended and Restated Guaranty 

On
December 15, 2021, NHL entered into an Amended and Restated Master Facility License Agreement (the Amended and Restated Canada
License Agreement with LAF Canada Company LA Fitness Canada ). The Amended and Restated Canada License Agreement
had the effect of (i) removing NHL s obligation to develop and open a certain number of facilities within certain designated time
periods; and (ii) revising the default provisions such that certain defaults will result only in termination with respect to a specific
facility, rather than of the license itself. As a result of the Amended and Restated Canada License Agreement, NHL may continue to develop
and open additional facilities for business. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Amended and Restated Canada License Agreement, the Company entered into that certain Guaranty Agreement (the Canada
Guaranty dated December 15, 2021 by and between the Company, Fitness International, LLC and LA Fitness Canada, pursuant to which
the Company irrevocably guaranteed the full, unconditional, and prompt payment and performance of all of NHL s obligations and
liabilities under the Amended and Restated Canada License Agreement. 

13 

Consulting
Services Agreement 

On
December 20, 2021, the Company executed a Consulting Services Agreement for financial and corporate consulting services over a 3-month
term. As consideration for payment of services, the Company paid (i) 50,000 restricted shares of common stock, and (ii) 25,000 per month
for the 3-month term. On December 20, 2021, the Company issued 50,000 shares of restricted common stock. On January 24, 2022, the Company
issued 50,000 restricted shares of common stock. On February 24, 2022, the Company issued 50,000 restricted shares of common stock. 

Stock
Option Grant to Independent Directors 

On
February 23, 2022, the Company granted, pursuant to the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), a stock
option to purchase 93,955 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 1.33 to each of the Company s then-independent directors,
Alex Flesias, Robert Oliva and Michael Pope. Effective June 30, 2022, Mr. Oliva resigned as a member of the Board of Directors. Each
stock option vests, and becomes exercisable, (i) with respect to 7,833 shares each month, beginning on the date of grant, until December
23, 2022, and (ii) with respect 7,832 shares on January 23, 2023. Each stock option expires on February 23, 2027. The stock option grants
were previously approved by the Company s Board of Directors on January 26, 2021 and are consistent with the letter agreements
dated January 26, 2021, between the Company and Messrs. Flesias, Oliva and Pope. 

Share
Exchange Agreement to Acquire 50.1 of 12858461 Canada Corp. 

On
March 1, 2022, the Company and NHL completed a Share Exchange Agreement (the 1285 SEA with 12858461 Canada Corp. 1285 ),
a Canada federal corporation in the business of providing clinic-based physiotherapy and related ancillary services and products, and
Prashant A. Jani, a Canadian citizen and sole shareholder of 1285 (the 1285 Shareholder to acquire 50.1 ownership of
1285 for a purchase price of 68,000 (the 1285 Purchase Price paid with the issuance, by NHL to the 1285 Shareholder,
of certain non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares which can only be utilized for the purpose of exchange into an allotment of 17,000
restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Parent 1285 SEA Shares at the determination of the 1285 Shareholder.
The number of Parent 1285 SEA Shares was calculated by dividing the 1285 Purchase Price by 4.00 per share. 

Asset
Purchase Agreement with Poling Taddeo Hovius Physiotherapy Professional Corp., operating as Fairway Physiotherapy and Sports Injury Clinic 

On
March 1, 2022, the Company and NHL completed an Asset Purchase Agreement (the PTHPC APA with Poling Taddeo Hovius Physiotherapy
Professional Corp. PTHPC ), operating a clinic-based physiotherapy, rehabilitative, and related ancillary services and
products business known as Fairway Physiotherapy and Sports Injury Clinic FAIR ), and Jason Taddeo, a Canadian citizen
and the sole shareholder of PTHPC (the PTHPC Shareholder ), Under the terms and conditions of the PTHPC APA, PTHPC agreed
to sell, assign and transfer to NHL, free and clear of all encumbrances, other than permitted encumbrances, and NHL agreed to purchase
from PTHPC all of PTHPC s right, title and interest in and to all of its assets related to FAIR and the FAIR Business, with the
exception of certain limited exclusions, and the rights, privileges, claims and properties of any kind whatsoever that are related thereto,
whether owned or leased, real or personal, tangible or intangible, of every kind and description and wheresoever situated. Under the
terms and conditions of the PTHPC APA, the purchase price is 627,000 (the FAIR Purchase Price paid with the issuance,
by NHL to the PTHPC Shareholder, of certain non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares which can only be utilized for the purpose of
exchange into an allotment of 156,750 restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Parent PTHPC APA Shares at the determination of the PTHPC Shareholder. The number of Parent PTHPC APA Shares was calculated by dividing the FAIR Purchase Price
by 4.00 per share. 

14 

Clinical
Consultants International LLC Acquisition 

On
March 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the CCI Agreement by and among the
Company, Clinical Consultants International LLC CCI ), each of the members of CCI (the Members ), and Dr.
Joseph Chalil as the representative of the Members. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the CCI Agreement, among other things, the CCI Members will sell and assign to the Company all of their membership interests
of CCI, in exchange for a total of 800,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Exchange Shares ( CCI
Acquisition ). The Exchange Shares will be apportioned among the Members pro rata based on their respective membership interest
ownership percentage of CCI. Following the closing of the CCI Acquisition (the Closing ), the Company will own 100 of the
issued and outstanding membership interests of CCI, and the CCI Members or their designees will collectively own 800,000 restricted shares
of the Company s common stock. The restricted shares were issued on April 7, 2022. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the CCI Agreement, the Company agreed to (i) name, at the Closing, Dr. Chalil as the Chief Medical Officer of the Company
and the President of Novomerica Healthcare Group, Inc., which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, (ii) enter into an employment
agreement with Dr. Chalil, and (iii) name Dr. Chalil to the Company s Board of Directors. 

On
April 5, 2022, the CCI Acquisition closed. As a result, immediately after the Closing on April 5, 2022, the Company owned 100 of the
issued and outstanding membership interests of CCI. On April 7, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 800,000 restricted shares of
the Company s common stock to the Members in connection with the CCI Acquisition and pursuant to the terms of the CCI Agreement. 

Appointment
of Dr. Chalil as the Company s Chief Medical Officer and President of Novomerica Healthcare Group, Inc. 

On
April 5, 2022, in connection with the closing of the CCI Acquisition and pursuant to the terms of the CCI Agreement, the Company named
Dr. Chalil as the Company s Chief Medical Officer, and the President of Novomerica Healthcare Group, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company formed for expansion of certain medically related business in the U.S. NHG ). Pursuant to the terms of the
CCI Agreement, the Company expects to appoint Dr. Chalil as a member of the Company s Board of Directors in the near future. 

Chalil
Employment Agreement 

In
connection with Dr. Chalil s appointment as the Company s Chief Medical Officer and NHG s President, the Company entered
into an executive agreement (the Chalil Agreement with Dr. Chalil on April 5, 2022. Pursuant to the terms of the Chalil
Agreement, the Company agreed to pay Dr. Chalil an annual base salary of 400,000. In addition, the Company agreed to pay Dr. Chalil
an amount equal to 10 of the net income of CCI in excess of 450,000 for each calendar year during the term of the Chalil Agreement
(the Revenue Share Payment ). 

Dr.
Chalil will also receive bonuses based on increases in the Company s market cap valuation MCV from the date of
the Chalil Agreement, with the following milestone bonus parameters: 

(a) 
 For each and every 50
 million Company MCV increase sustained for a period of not less than 30 days (the 50M Bonus Event ), Dr. Chalil will
 receive 250,000, or 0.5 of 50 million, in Company common stock. For the sake of clarity, Dr. Chalil will only be issued compensation
 based on 50 million MCV increments; there will be no compensation issued for anything above 50 million until the subsequent 50
 million MCV milestone is achieved. This bonus will be capped at a Company MCV of 1 billion. The 50M Bonus Event stock will be issued
 as (i) 50 restricted shares within 30 days of the respective 50M Bonus Event or at a later date as requested by Dr. Chalil, and
 held as an allocation to Dr. Chalil, until the requisition date as provided in writing, by Dr. Chalil, to the Company, and (ii) 50 
 registered shares from the Company s current active incentive plan within 30 days of the respective 50M Bonus Event. 

(b) 
 Upon the Company sustaining
 a MCV of 2 billion for no less than 30 days (the 2B Bonus Event ), Dr. Chalil will receive 20 million, or 1 of 1
 billion, in restricted shares of Company common stock. The 2B Bonus Event stock will be issued within 30 days of the 2B Bonus Event
 or at a later date as requested by Dr. Chalil, and held as an allocation to Dr. Chalil, until Dr. Chalil provides the Company with
 written instructions requesting the specific stock issuance date. 

(c) 
 For each additional 1
 billion MCV, beyond the 2B Bonus Event and commencing when the Company MCV reaches 3 billion sustained for no less than 30 days,
 Dr. Chalil will receive 10 million, or 1 of 1 billion, in restricted shares of the Company s common stock. Dr. Chalil may
 choose to have this stock issued within 30 days of each additional 1 billion MCV event or at a later date as requested by Dr. Chalil,
 and held as an allocation to Dr. Chalil, until Dr. Chalil provides the Company with written instructions requesting the specific
 stock issuance date. 

15 

The
Company may also issue to Dr. Chalil equity awards as determined by the Board of Directors. 

The
term of the Chalil Agreement ends on the earlier of (i) April 5, 2025, and (ii) the time of the termination of Dr. Chalil s employment
pursuant to the terms of the Chalil Agreement. The term of the Chalil Agreement will be automatically extended for one or more additional
terms of one year each unless either party provided notice to the other party of their desire to not renew at least 30 days prior to
expiration of the then-current term. 

The
Company may terminate the Chalil Agreement at any time for Cause (as defined in the Chalil Agreement) or without Cause, and Dr. Chalil
may terminate the Chalil Agreement at any time with or without Good Reason (as defined in the Chalil Agreement. If the Company terminates
the Chalil Agreement without Cause or Dr. Chalil terminates the Chalil Agreement with Good Reason, (i) the Company will pay to Dr. Chalil
any base salary, bonuses, and benefits then owed or accrued, and any unreimbursed expenses incurred by Dr. Chalil in each case through
the termination date; (ii) the Company will pay to Dr. Chalil, in one lump sum, an amount equal to the greater of (1) the base salary
that would have been paid to Dr. Chalil for the remainder of the then-current term, and (2) the total base salary that would have been
paid to Dr. Chalil for a one year period based on the base salary as of the date of termination, and the Revenue Share Payment for the
calendar year in which such termination occurs; and (iii) any equity grant already made to Dr. Chalil will, to the extent not already
vested, be deemed automatically vested. 

Shelf
Registration Statement 

On
April 28, 2022, the SEC declared effective the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-264360) (the Form
S-3 originally filed on April 18, 2022. The Form S-3 is a shelf registration statement relating to the sale of 223,880 shares
of our common stock issuable to Jefferson Street Capital and Platinum Point Capital, under the terms and conditions of both the Jefferson
SPA and the Platinum SPA, upon exercise of certain warrants, currently held by the respective selling stockholders, with an exercise
price of 3.35 which expire on November 17, 2024. 

Promissory
Note Amortization Payment 

On
June 14, 2022, the Company made a cash payment in the aggregate amount of 1,391,589 for the monthly Amortization Payment pursuant to
the terms and conditions of the 16.66m+ convertible notes. 

Dalcourt
and Gaynor Board of Directors Compensation 

On
June 29, 2022, the Board granted Pierre Dalcourt and Michael Gaynor 250,000 and 50,000 shares of common stock, respectively, pursuant
to the 2021 Plan as consideration for over 5-years of service to the Board without having received compensation. 

Board
of Directors Changes 

Effective
June 30, 2022, Robert Oliva, Michael Gaynor and Pierre Dalcourt resigned as members of the Board of Directors. Also, effective June 30,
2022, (i) Sarfaraz Ali was appointed as an independent member of the Board of Directors; (ii) the size of the Board of Directors was
reduced from seven to five members. As a result, effective June 30, 2022, following the aforementioned Board changes, a majority of the
Company s Board of Directors is independent. As compensation for Mr. Ali s services as a director, on August 9, 2022, the
Company granted, pursuant to the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, a stock option to purchase 39,480 shares of common stock
at an exercise price of 1.90. Mr. Ali s stock options vests, and becomes exercisable, (i) with respect to 6,580 shares on the
date of grant, and (ii) with respect to 3,290 shares monthly, beginning on September 9, 2022 until July 9, 2023. Each stock option expires
on August 9, 2027. The stock option grants were previously approved by the Company s Board of Directors on June 30, 2022, and are
consistent with the letter agreement, dated June 27, 2022, between the Company and Mr. Ali. 

16 

Promissory
Note Payment 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company paid the balance owed on an Acenzia promissory note for an aggregate payment of 5,300,000, including all
principal and interest owed. 

Promissory
Note Amortization Payment 

On
July 14, 2022, the Company made a cash payment in the aggregate amount of 1,474,496 for the monthly Amortization Payment pursuant to
the terms and conditions of the 16.66m+ convertible notes. 

Promissory
Note Amortization Payment 

On
August 14, 2022, the Company made a cash payment in the aggregate amount of 1,441,470 for the monthly Amortization Payment pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the 16.66m+ convertible notes. 

Registration
Statement on Form S-1 

On
September 13, 2022, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401) (as amended, the Registration
Statement ). The Registration Statement relates to the Company s proposed offer of up to 19,138,756 units Units ),
with each Unit consisting of (i) one share of common stock, (ii) one warrant with a three-year term to purchase one share of common stock
at an exercise price of 1.045 per share (100 of the offering price per Unit) Three-Year Warrant ), and (iii) one warrant
with a five-year term to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 1.045 per share (100 of the offering price per
Unit) Five-Year Warrant on a best-efforts basis. The assumed public offering price is 1.045 per Unit. Each Three-Year
Warrant and Five-Year Warrant will be immediately exercisable for one share of common stock at an assumed exercise price of 1.045 per
share (not less than 100 of the public offering price of each Unit sold in the offering). The actual public offering price per Unit
will be determined between the Company, Maxim Group LLC and the investors in the offering, and may be at a discount to the current market
price of the Company s common stock. 

As
indicated in the Registration Statement, the Company also proposes to offer to each purchaser of Units that would otherwise result in
the purchaser s beneficial ownership exceeding 4.99 of the Company s outstanding common stock immediately following the
consummation of the offering, the opportunity to purchase Units consisting of one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of common
stock Pre-Funded Warrant (in lieu of one share of common stock), one Three-Year Warrant and one Five-Year Warrant. Subject
to limited exceptions, a holder of Pre-Funded Warrants will not have the right to exercise any portion of its Pre-Funded Warrants if
the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 (or, at the election of the holder, such limit may
be increased to up to 9.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Each
Pre-Funded Warrant will be exercisable for one share of common stock. The purchase price of each Unit including a Pre-Funded Warrant
will be equal to the price per Unit including one share of common stock, minus 0.01, and the remaining exercise price of each Pre-Funded
Warrant will equal 0.01 per share. The Pre-Funded Warrants will be immediately exercisable (subject to the beneficial ownership cap)
and may be exercised at any time until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. For each Unit including a Pre-Funded Warrant
sold (without regard to any limitation on exercise set forth therein), the number of Units including a share of common stock offered
will be decreased on a one-for-one basis. The common stock and Pre-Funded Warrants, if any, can each be purchased in the offering only
with the accompanying Three-Year Warrant and Five-Year Warrant as part of a Unit, but the components of the Units will immediately separate
upon issuance. The Company also proposes to register the common stock issuable from time to time upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants,
Three-Year Warrants and Five-Year Warrants included in the Units. 

There
is no minimum number of Units or minimum aggregate amount of proceeds for the offering to close. 

The
Company expects to commence the sale of the securities as of the date on which the Registration Statement is declared effective by the
SEC. No sales will be made prior to effectiveness of the Registration Statement. There can be no assurance that the Registration Statement
will be declared effective by the SEC. 

17 

Promissory
Note Amortization Payment 

On
September 14, 2022, the Company made a cash payment in the aggregate amount of 1,435,683 for the monthly Amortization Payment pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the 16.66m+ convertible notes. 

CVI
Investments, Inc. Waiver and Amendment 

On
October 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Waiver and Amendment (the CVI Waiver and Amendment with CVI Investments,
Inc. CVI ). Pursuant to the terms of the CVI Waiver and Amendment, (i) the Company obtained a limited waiver from CVI with
respect to certain provisions of a Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to CVI (the
 CVI Warrant (ii) the Company and CVI amended certain provisions of the CVI Warrant; (iii) the Company obtained a limited
waiver from CVI with respect to certain provisions of a Senior Secured Convertible Note, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the
Company to CVI (the CVI Note and (iv) the Company and CVI amended certain provisions of the CVI Note, all as more fully
described below and as set forth in the CVI Warrant and the CVI Note, as applicable. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the CVI Waiver and Amendment, the Company obtained a limited waiver from CVI with respect to the provisions of the CVI
Warrant that would have reduced the exercise price of the CVI Warrant upon the closing of the sale of the Company s common stock
by the Company (the Offering to be conducted as set forth in and pursuant to the prospectus contained in the Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401) filed by the Company on September 13, 2022, as subsequently amended and as declared effective
on October 13, 2022. In addition, the Company and CVI agreed to amend the CVI Warrant to provide that the exercise price of the CVI Warrant
shall be the price at which the Company s common stock is offered for sale in the Offering. 

Also
pursuant to the terms of the CVI Waiver and Amendment, the Company obtained a limited waiver from CVI with respect to the provisions
of the CVI Note that would have reduced the conversion price of the CVI Note upon the closing of the Offering. CVI also agreed to extend
the date on which the Amortization Redemption Amount (as defined in the CVI Note) may be paid from October 14, 2022 to October 19, 2022.
In addition, the Company and CVI agreed to amend the CVI Note to provide that the conversion price set forth in the CVI Note shall be
the price at which the Company s common stock is being offered for sale in the Offering. 

Hudson
Bay Master Fund Ltd. Waiver and Amendment 

Also
on October 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Waiver and Amendment (the Hudson Bay Waiver and Amendment with Hudson
Bay Master Fund Ltd. Hudson Bay ). Pursuant to the terms of the Hudson Bay Waiver and Amendment, (i) the Company obtained
a limited waiver from Hudson Bay with respect to certain provisions of a Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated as of December 14, 2021,
issued by the Company to Hudson Bay (the Hudson Bay Warrant (ii) the Company and Hudson Bay amended certain provisions
of the Hudson Bay Warrant; (iii) the Company obtained a limited waiver from Hudson Bay with respect to certain provisions of a Senior
Secured Convertible Note, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to Hudson Bay (the Hudson Bay Note and
(iv) the Company and Hudson Bay amended certain provisions of the Hudson Bay Note, all as more fully described below and as set forth
in the Hudson Bay Warrant and the Hudson Bay Note, as applicable. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Hudson Bay Waiver and Amendment, the Company obtained a limited waiver from Hudson Bay with respect to the provisions
of the Hudson Bay Warrant that would have reduced the exercise price of the Hudson Bay Warrant upon the closing of the Offering. In addition,
the Company and Hudson Bay agreed to amend the Hudson Bay Warrant to provide that the exercise price of the Hudson Bay Warrant shall
be the price at which the Company s common stock is offered for sale in the Offering. 

Also
pursuant to the terms of the Hudson Bay Waiver and Amendment, the Company obtained a limited waiver from Hudson Bay with respect to the
provisions of the Hudson Bay Note that would have reduced the conversion price of the Hudson Bay Note upon the closing of the Offering.
Hudson Bay also agreed to extend the date on which the Amortization Redemption Amount (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note) may be paid
from October 14, 2022 to October 19, 2022. In addition, the Company and Hudson Bay agreed to amend the Hudson Bay Note to provide that
the conversion price set forth in the Hudson Bay Note shall be the price at which the Company s common stock is being offered for
sale in the Offering. 

18 

Unit
Offering 

On
October 18, 2022 (the Closing Date ), the Company sold an aggregate of 4,000,000 units (the Units for an
aggregate of 2,000,000, at a purchase price 0.50 per Unit (the Offering ), consisting of (i) 4,000,000 shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, (ii) warrants with a three-year term to purchase 4,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of 0.50 per share (the Three Year Warrants ), and (iii) warrants with a five-year term to purchase 4,000,000 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of 0.50 per share (the Five Year Warrants and together with the Three Year Warrants,
the Warrants ). 

On
October 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Placement Agency Agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement with Maxim Group
LLC, as exclusive placement agent thereunder (the Placement Agent ), pursuant to which the Placement Agent agreed to act
as the Company s exclusive placement agent to solicit offers to purchase the Units, and the Common Stock and Warrants forming part
of the Units, offered by the prospectus Prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401)
declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 13, 2022 (the Registration Statement ). The Placement
Agent did not purchase or sell any securities, nor was it required to arrange for the purchase and sale of any specific number or dollar
amount of securities, other than to use its reasonable best efforts to arrange for the sale of the securities by the Company.
Accordingly, there was no minimum amount of proceeds that was a condition to closing of the Offering. 

The
Offering resulted in gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 2,000,000 before deducting the Placement Agent fees and related
offering expenses, and excluding proceeds to the Company, if any, that may result from the future exercise of Warrants issued in the
Offering which formed part of the Units. Pursuant to the terms of the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company paid the Placement Agent
a cash fee of 140,000 equal to 7.0 of the gross proceeds of the Offering as well as reimbursed the Placement Agent for its accountable
expenses, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of 1,795,000. 

Under
the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company agreed to certain restrictions on future stock offerings, including that during the 90-day
period following the Closing Date, the Company will not issue (or enter into any agreement to issue) any shares of common stock or common
stock equivalents, subject to certain exceptions, and will not file any registration statements. In addition, during the 180-day period
following the Closing Date and subject to certain exceptions, the Company is prohibited from entering into (i) a transaction that would
result in the Company issuing common stock that has a variable conversion price, exercise price, or exchange rate, or such a price that
would reset upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events; or (ii) a transaction in which the Company agrees to issue securities
at a future determined price. Each of the Company s officers, directors, and any holder of 10 or more of the outstanding common
stock has agreed to a three-month lock-up with respect to their shares of common stock, including securities that are convertible
into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of common stock. Subject to certain exceptions, during such lock-up period these holders
may not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of these securities, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent. The Placement
Agency Agreement provides that the Placement Agent s obligations were subject to conditions contained in the Placement Agency Agreement. 

Each
Warrant had an exercise price of 0.50 per share and is exercisable upon issuance. As a result of the Company s entry, on November 14, 2022, into the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment (as hereinafter
defined) and the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment (as hereinafter defined), the exercise price of each Warrant was reduced to 0.10
per share. The Three Year Warrants and the Five Year Warrants
will expire three years and five years from the date of issuance, respectively. 

Each
Warrant is exercisable for one share of common stock, subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends, stock splits, stock combinations,
reclassifications, reorganizations or similar events affecting the common stock as described in the Prospectus. Subject to certain exemptions
outlined in the Three Year Warrants and Five Year Warrants, if the Company sells, enters into an agreement to sell, or grants any option
to purchase, or sell, enters into an agreement to sell, or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces
any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any shares of common stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined
in the Three Year Warrants and Five Year Warrants), at an effective price per share less than the exercise price of the Three Year Warrants
or Five Year Warrants then in effect, the exercise price of the Three Year Warrants and Five Year Warrants will be reduced to equal the
effective price per share in such dilutive issuance; provided, however, in no event will the exercise price of the Three Year Warrants
and Five Year Warrants be reduced to an exercise price lower than 0.10. Additionally, on the date that is 60 calendar days immediately
following the initial issuance date of the Three Year Warrants and Five Year Warrants, the exercise price will be reduced to the Reset
Price (as hereinafter defined), provided that the Reset Price is less than the exercise price in effect on that date. The Reset
Price is equal to the greater of (a) 50 of the initial exercise price or (b) 100 of the lowest daily volume weighted average
price per share of common stock VWAP occurring during the 60 calendar days following the issuance date of the Three Year
Warrants and Five Year Warrants. 

19 

On
October 13, 2022, the (i) conversion price of the Senior Secured Convertible Notes, and the (ii) exercise price per share of common stock
under the warrants to purchase common stock, issued by the Company and held by CVI Investments, Inc. and Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd.
(the Holders was reduced to 0.50 per share of common stock based on the offering price of each Unit in the Offering and
in accordance with waivers by the Holders, as further described in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022. 

The
terms of the Three Year Warrants and Five Year Warrants are governed by a Warrant Agency Agreement (the Warrant Agency Agreement ),
dated as of the Closing Date, by and between the Company and Pacific Stock Transfer Company (the Warrant Agent ). Pursuant
to the terms of the Warrant Agency Agreement, the Company agreed to indemnify the Warrant Agent in its roles as transfer agent and warrant
agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all liabilities, including judgments, costs
and reasonable counsel fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability
due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Promissory
Note Amortization Payment 

On
October 19, 2022, the Company made a cash payment in the aggregate amount of 1,429,896 for the monthly Amortization Payment pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the 16.66m+ convertible notes. 

Restricted Stock Issuance 

On October 26, 2022, the Company issued 36,222 restricted shares of common
stock for NHL Exchangeable Shares under the terms and conditions of a Share Exchange Agreement
which closed on June 24, 2021. 

CVI
Investments, Inc. Exchange Offer and Amendment 

On November 14, 2022, the
Company entered into an exchange offer and amendment (the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment with CVI. Pursuant to the terms
of the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, (i) the Company exchanged one share of the Company s common stock, for each share of common
stock (the CVI Warrant Exchange underlying the warrant to purchase common stock, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued
by the Company to CVI (the CVI Warrant and (ii) the Company and CVI amended certain provisions of the senior secured convertible
note, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to CVI (the CVI Note ), all as more fully described below and
as set forth in the CVI Warrant and the CVI Note, as applicable. On November 15, 2022 and January 5, 2023, 1,757,319 and 1,159,348 shares
of common stock were issued under the terms and conditions of the CVI Warrant Exchange. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company and CVI agreed to amend the CVI Note such that (i) the Company shall
pay the interest originally payable in November 2022 and December 2022 upon execution of the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, (ii) the
Company shall pay a 50,000 extension fee to CVI 10,000 on January 15, 2023, 10,000 on February 14, 2023, 10,000 on March 14, 2023,
 10,000 on April 14, 2023, and 10,000 on May 15, 2023), (iii) the payment dates for the principal originally payable in November 2022
and December 2022 shall be extended such that 1/5 of such respective principal amount shall instead be paid on each Amortization Date
(as defined in the CVI Note) during January 2023, February 2023, March 2023, April 2023, and May 2023, in addition to the Amortization
Redemption Amounts (as defined in the CVI Note) (the Amortization Redemption Amounts due on the aforementioned dates in
2023. 

Also,
pursuant to the terms of the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company agreed to hold an annual or special meeting of stockholders
on or prior to the date that is 90 calendar days after November 14, 2022, for the purpose of obtaining shareholder approval Shareholder
Approval to amend the CVI Note as follows: 

(i)
the definition of Conversion Price (as defined in the CVI Note) (the Conversion Price shall be amended such that, as
to the first 1,000,000 of principal amount of the CVI Note converted after the date that the Shareholder Approval is obtained, the
Conversion Price shall be the lower of (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time and (ii) 82.0 of the lowest VWAP (as defined
in the CVI Note) during the five trading days immediately prior to the applicable conversion date (the Adjusted Conversion
Price ), provided, however, that the portion of the first 1,000,000 of principal amount of the CVI Note that is converted
pursuant to a voluntary conversion by CVI shall reduce each of the remaining Amortization Redemption Amounts proportionately on a
pro rata basis; 

(ii)
CVI may accelerate up to four Amortization Redemption Amounts (as defined in the Notes) provided that CVI agrees to accept shares of
Common Stock instead of cash for such payments at a price per share equal to the Adjusted Conversion Price as calculated on the
immediately preceding Amortization Date (as defined in the CVI Note)); and 

(iii)
upon mutual consent by the Company and CVI, CVI may elect to utilize the Adjusted Conversion Price for the balance of the
Notes. 

20 

The
CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment further provides that from November 14, 2022 until 30 days following November 14, 2022, neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance
of any Common Stock or any securities convertible or exchangeable into Common Stock, or (ii) enter into any agreement to amend, exchange
or otherwise provide any incentive to exercise any of the warrants originally issued together with the Exchange Warrants or any other
warrants of the Company that are outstanding on November 14, 2022, in each such case except with respect to certain exempt issuances. 

Hudson
Bay Master Fund Ltd. Exchange Offer and Amendment 

Also, on November 14, 2022,
the Company entered into an exchange offer and amendment (the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment with Hudson Bay.
Pursuant to the terms of the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment, (i) the Company exchanged one share of the Company s common
stock, for each share of common stock (the Hudson Bay Warrant Exchange underlying the warrant to purchase common stock,
dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to Hudson Bay (the Hudson Bay Warrant and (ii) the Company and Hudson
Bay amended certain provisions of the senior secured convertible note, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to Hudson
Bay (the Hudson Bay Note ), all as more fully described below and as set forth in the Hudson Bay Warrant and the Hudson Bay
Note, as applicable. On November 15, 2022, 2,916,667 shares of common stock were issued under
the terms and conditions of the Hudson Bay Warrant Exchange. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company and Hudson Bay agreed to amend the Hudson Bay Note such that
(i) the Company shall pay the interest originally payable in November 2022 and December 2022 upon execution of the Hudson Bay Exchange
Offer and Amendment, (ii) the Company shall pay a 50,000 extension fee to Hudson Bay 10,000 on January 15, 2023, 10,000 on February
14, 2023, 10,000 on March 14, 2023, 10,000 on April 14, 2023, and 10,000 on May 15, 2023), (iii) the payment dates for the principal
originally payable in November 2022 and December 2022 shall be extended such that 1/5 of such respective principal amount shall instead
be paid on each Amortization Date (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note) during January 2023, February 2023, March 2023, April 2023, and
May 2023, in addition to the Amortization Redemption Amounts (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note) (the Amortization Redemption
Amounts due on the aforementioned dates in 2023. 

Also,
pursuant to the terms of the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company agreed to hold an annual or special meeting of stockholders
on or prior to the date that is 90 calendar days after November 14, 2022, for the purpose of obtaining shareholder approval Shareholder
Approval to amend the Hudson Bay Note as follows: 

(i)
the definition of Conversion Price (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note) (the Conversion Price shall be amended such
that, as to the first 1,000,000 of principal amount of the Hudson Bay Note converted after the date that the Shareholder Approval
is obtained, the Conversion Price shall be the lower of (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time and (ii) 82.0 of the lowest
VWAP (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note) during the five trading days immediately prior to the applicable conversion date (the
 Adjusted Conversion Price ), provided, however, that the portion of the first 1,000,000 of principal amount of the
Hudson Bay Note that is converted pursuant to a voluntary conversion by Hudson Bay shall reduce each of the remaining Amortization
Redemption Amounts proportionately on a pro rata basis; 

(ii)
Hudson Bay may accelerate up to four Amortization Redemption Amounts (as defined in the Notes) provided that Hudson Bay agrees to
accept shares of Common Stock instead of cash for such payments at a price per share equal to the Adjusted Conversion Price as
calculated on the immediately preceding Amortization Date (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note)); and 

(iii)
upon mutual consent by the Company and Hudson Bay, Hudson Bay may elect to utilize the Adjusted Conversion Price for the balance of
the Notes. 

21 

The
Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment further provides that from November 14, 2022 until 30 days following November 14, 2022, neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance
of any Common Stock or any securities convertible or exchangeable into Common Stock, or (ii) enter into any agreement to amend, exchange
or otherwise provide any incentive to exercise any of the warrants originally issued together with the Exchange Warrants or any other
warrants of the Company that are outstanding on November 14, 2022, in each such case except with respect to certain exempt issuances. 

Promissory Note Amortization and Extension Fee
Payments 

On
November 14, 2022, as provided in the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company made a cash payment, in the amount of 37,384, for
the monthly interest owed on the CVI Note outstanding principal balance. On November 14, 2022, as provided in the Hudson Bay Exchange
Offer and Amendment, the Company made a cash payment, in the amount of 33,056, for the monthly interest owed on the Hudson Bay Note
outstanding principal balance. 

On January 17, 2023, March 2, 2023, and March 14,
2023, the Company made an interest payment on the Hudson Bay Note, to Hudson Bay, in the amount of 8,333, 625, and 208, respectively.
On January 17, 2023, March 2, 2023, and March 14, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company
paid, to Hudson Bay, extension fees in the amount of 10,000, 10,000, and 10,000, respectively. On March 24, 2023, the Company paid to Hudson Bay an aggregate of 70,069, representing the remaining principal balance
on the Hudson Bay Note 50,000), interest on the Hudson Bay Note 69), and extension fees 20,000). As of March 24, 2023, the Hudson
Bay Note was paid in full and no amounts remain due and outstanding in respect of the Hudson Bay Note. 

On March 14, 2023, the Company made a principal
payment on the CVI Note, to CVI, in the amount of 6,111 and an interest payment on the CVI Note, to CVI, in the amount of 77. Also
on March 14, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company paid, to CVI, an extension fee in the
amount of 30,000. On March 24, 2023, the Company paid to CVI an extension fee in the amount
of 20,000. As of March 24, 2023, the CVI Note was paid in full and no amounts remain due and outstanding in respect of the CVI Note. 

Share
Issuances in Connection with Warrant Exercises 

Subsequent to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022,
the Company issued an aggregate of 3,910,000 shares of common stock to certain warrant holders upon exercise of their warrants related
to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401) declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission
on October 13, 2022. 

Share
Issuances in Connection with Note Conversions 

Subsequent
to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 94,185,340 shares of common stock to certain note holders
upon conversion of their notes. As of March 31, 2023, (i) the principal balance owed by the Company to Hudson Bay pursuant to
the senior secured convertible note, dated as of December 14, 2021, as amended, issued by the Company to Hudson Bay is 0, (ii)
the principal balance owed by the Company to CVI pursuant to the senior secured convertible note, dated as of December 14, 2021, as amended,
issued by the Company to CVI is 0; and (iii) the principal balance owed by the Company to Jefferson pursuant to the secured convertible
note, dated as of November 17, 2021, as amended, issued by the Company to Jefferson is 0. 

Share
Issuance in Exchange for Certain NHL Non-Voting Special Shares 

Subsequent
to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022, the Company issued 3,202,019 shares of common stock in exchange for certain non-voting special
shares of NHL, previously issued in connection with NHL s acquisition of Acenzia that closed on June 24, 2021. 

Nasdaq
Notification Minimum Bid Price Requirement 

On
November 21, 2022, the Company received a notification letter (the November Notification Letter from The Nasdaq Stock
Market, LLC Nasdaq that it is not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirements set forth in Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5550(a)(2) for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) requires listed securities to
maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share, and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) provides that a failure to meet the minimum
bid price requirement exists if the deficiency continues for a period of 30 consecutive business days. Based on the closing bid
price of the Company s common stock between October 10, 2022 and November 11, 2022, the Company no longer meets the minimum
bid price requirement. The November Notification Letter has no immediate effect on the listing or trading of the Company s
common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market and, at this time, the common stock will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbol NVOS. 

The
November Notification Letter provides that the Company has 180 calendar days, or until May 22, 2023, to regain compliance with
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). To regain compliance, the bid price of the Company s common stock must have a closing bid
price of at least 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days. If the Company does not regain compliance by May
22, 2023, an additional 180 days may be granted to regain compliance, so long as the Company meets The Nasdaq Capital Market
continued listing requirements (except for the bid price requirement) and notifies Nasdaq in writing of its intention to cure the
deficiency during the second compliance period. If the Company does not qualify for the second compliance period or fails to regain
compliance during the second 180-day period, then Nasdaq will notify the Company of its determination to delist the Company s
common stock, at which point the Company will have an opportunity to appeal the delisting determination to a hearings
panel. 

The
Company intends to monitor the closing bid price of its common stock and will consider implementing available options to regain compliance
with the minimum bid price requirement under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

22 

Information
Statement on Schedule 14C 

On
January 4, 2023, the Company filed with the SEC a definitive information statement on Schedule 14C (the 14C ). The 14C relates
to the notice to stockholders concerning the approval by written consent of stockholders holding a majority of the Company s issued
and outstanding voting securities (the Majority Stockholders of the effectuation of the transactions provided for in each
exchange offer and amendment entered into on November 14, 2022 by the Company (the Exchange Offers and Amendments with
CVI and Hudson Bay, including but not limited to the following amendments to the senior secured convertible notes, dated as of December
14, 2021, issued by the Company to CVI and Hudson (the Notes ): 

(i)
the definition of Conversion Price (as defined in the Notes) (the Conversion Price shall be amended such that, as to the
first 1,000,000 of principal amount of each of the Notes converted after the date that shareholder approval is obtained, the Conversion
Price shall be the lower of (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time and (ii) 82.0 of the lowest VWAP (as defined in Notes) during
the five trading days immediately prior to the applicable conversion date (the Adjusted Conversion Price ), provided, however,
that the portion of the first 1,000,000 of principal amount of each of the Notes that is converted pursuant to a voluntary conversion
by the holders of each of the Notes shall reduce each of the remaining Amortization Redemption Amounts proportionately on a pro rata
basis; 

(ii)
Each of the holders of the Notes may accelerate up to four Amortization Redemption Amounts (as defined in the Notes) provided that such
holder agrees to accept shares of Common Stock instead of cash for such payments at a price per share equal to the Adjusted Conversion
Price as calculated on the immediately preceding Amortization Date (as defined in the Notes)); and 

(iii)
upon mutual consent by the Company and each of the holders of the Notes, such holder may elect to utilize the Adjusted Conversion Price
for the balance of the Notes. 

Accordingly,
the Majority Stockholders approved, by written consent, the issuance of the total number of shares of Company common stock of the Company
necessary to effectuate the Exchange Offers and Amendments, which is currently an indeterminate number due to the methodology of the
conversion pricing as described herein and in the Exchange Offers and Amendments. 

Stockholder
approval of the Exchange Offers and Amendments was required by Rule 5635(d) of The Nasdaq Stock Market, which requires stockholder approval
prior to a 20 issuance of securities at a price that is less than the Minimum Price (as defined in the information statement) in a transaction
other than a public offering. A 20 issuance is a transaction, other than a public offering, involving the sale, issuance or potential
issuance by the company of common stock (or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock), which alone or together with
sales by officers, directors or substantial stockholders of the company, equals 20 or more of the common stock or 20 or more of the
voting power outstanding before the issuance. 

Such
approval and consent by the Majority Stockholders constitute the approval and consent of a majority of the total number of shares of
the Company s outstanding voting stock and is sufficient under the Nevada Revised Statutes, the Company s Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation, as amended, and the Company s Bylaws to approve the Exchange Offers and Amendments. Accordingly, the
actions will not be submitted to the other stockholders of the Company for a vote, and the information statement has been furnished to
such other stockholders to provide them with certain information concerning the actions in accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, and the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act, including Regulation 14C. 

Jefferson
Street Letter Agreement 

As
previously disclosed, on June 1, 2022, the Company and Jefferson agreed to extend the maturity date of the Jefferson Note to November
29, 2022 with a principal amount face value of 937,500 and interest rate that shall accrue at a rate equal to 1 per annum. On December
2, 2022, the Company made a partial payment of 199,980 toward principal and interest owed on the Jefferson Note, leaving a balance of
 746,875. On December 13, 2022, the Company, Terra and Jefferson entered into a letter agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the letter
agreement, Jefferson agreed to forbear from entering an event of default under the terms of the Jefferson Note and related transaction
documents until December 29, 2022. In addition, the parties agreed to release the Collateral Shares to Jefferson. Effective February 16, 2023, the Jefferson Note has been paid in full. 

Nasdaq
Notification Delinquent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q Filings 

On
December 15, 2022, the Company received a notification letter (the December Notification Letter from Nasdaq that it is
not in compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing rules due to its failure to timely file its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 (the 2022 10-K ). On January 25, 2023, the Company received a notification letter (the
 January Notification Letter from Nasdaq advising the Company that it was not in compliance with Nasdaq s continued
listing requirements as a result of its failure to timely file the 2022 10-K and its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
ended November 30, 2022 (the Form 10-Q ). On February 13, 2023, the Company submitted a plan to regain compliance with Nasdaq s
continued listing rules with the respect to the Form 10-K and the Form 10-Q. If Nasdaq accepts the Company s plan, then Nasdaq
may grant an exception of up to 180 calendar days from the due date of the Form 10-K, or until June 12, 2023, to regain compliance. 

23 

SwagCheck
Agreement 

On
December 23, 2022, the Company, SwagCheck Inc. SWAG ), and all SWAG shareholders (collectively, the SWAG Shareholders entered into that certain Share Purchase Agreement (the SWAG Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the SWAG Agreement, the
Company agreed to purchase, and the SWAG Shareholders agreed to sell to the Company, 100 of the outstanding shares of SWAG in exchange
for 1.00 (the SWAG Purchase ). SWAG holds a specific right of purchase of a precious gem collection (the Gems as provided for in an agreement between SWAG and a Court-appointed Successor Receiver for the United States District Court for the Central
District of California (the Receiver ). 

The
parties have made customary representations, warranties and covenants in the SWAG Agreement. In addition to certain customary closing
conditions, the obligations of SWAG and the SWAG Shareholders to consummate the closing of the SWAG Purchase are subject to the satisfaction
(or waiver by any of SWAG or the SWAG Shareholders), at or before the closing date, of certain conditions, including that (i) the Company
will have received a financing commitment of at least 90 million by December 27, 2022, with a closing date no later than December 30,
2022, (ii) 60 million will be distributed directly to a Receiver for the purchase of the Gems by SWAG, and (iii) 30 million is a Mark-up
to be distributed for the benefit of the outgoing SWAG Shareholders. 

In
addition to certain customary closing conditions in the SWAG Agreement, the obligations of SWAG and the SWAG Shareholders to consummate
the closing of the SWAG Purchase were subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by any of SWAG or the SWAG Shareholders), at or before the
closing date, of certain conditions, including that (i) the Company will have provided SWAG with a binding letter of intent (a LOI by a competent financing party for financing in the amount of at least 90 million by December 27, 2022 with a closing date no later
than December 30, 2022, (ii) 60 million will be distributed directly to the Receiver for the purchase of the Gems by SWAG, and (iii)
 30 million is a mark-up to be distributed for the benefit of the outgoing SWAG Shareholders. 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company, SWAG and the SWAG Shareholders entered into Amendment No. 1 to the SWAG Agreement (the SWAG Amendment ).
Pursuant to the terms of the SWAG Amendment, the parties agreed as follows: 

The closing
 of the SWAG Purchase will occur no later than January 10, 2023, with all contemplated extensions being subject to the Receiver s
 stipulations, conditions, and limitations. 

The condition for the Company
 to provide SWAG with a binding LOI has been deleted. 

A total of 92 million
 will be distributed as follows: (i) 60 million will be distributed to the Receiver for the purchase of the Gems by SWAG, and (ii)
 a 32 million mark-up will be distributed directly for the benefit of the outgoing SWAG Shareholders. 

Although
the SWAG Agreement has not yet closed, the parties continue to work together with the intention of closing the transaction. Following
the closing of SWAG Purchase, SWAG will be a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and will own title to the Gems, which the Company
intends to either collateralize or sell to raise capital. 

Mast Hill Securities Purchase
Agreement Note 

On February 23, 2023, the
Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Mast Hill SPA with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. Mast Hill ),
pursuant to which the Company issued an 12 unsecured promissory note (the Mast Hill Note with a maturity date of February
23, 2024 (the Mast Hill Maturity Date ), in the principal sum of 573,000 (the Mast Hill Principal Sum ). In
addition, the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant for the purchase of up to 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common
stock (the Mast Hill Warrant to Mast Hill pursuant to the Mast Hill SPA. Pursuant to the terms of the Mast Hill Note, the
Company agreed to pay the Mast Hill Principal Sum to Mast Hill and to pay interest on the principal balance at the rate of 12 per annum.
The Mast Hill Note carries an OID of 57,300. Accordingly, on the closing date, Mast Hill paid the purchase price of 515,700 in exchange
for the Mast Hill Note and the Mast Hill Warrant. Mast Hill may convert the Mast Hill Note into shares of the Company s common stock
at any time at a conversion price equal to 0.175 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the Mast Hill Note (including but not
limited to certain price protection provisions in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions)
as well as certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant to the terms of
the Mast Hill Note, the Company agreed to pay accrued interest monthly as well as the Mast Hill Principal Sum as follows: (i) 57,300
on August 23, 2023, (ii) 57,300 on September 23, 2023, (iii) 57,300 on October 23, 2023, (iv) 100,000 on November 23, 2023, (v) 100,000
on December 23, 2023, (vi) 100,000 on January 23, 2023, and (vii) all remaining amounts owed under the Mast Hill Note on the Mast Hill
Maturity Date (each of the aforementioned payments are an Amortization Payment ). If the Company fails to make any Amortization
Payment, then Mast Hill shall have the right to convert the amount of such respective Amortization Payment into shares of common stock
as provided in the Mast Hill Note at the lesser of (i) the then applicable conversion price under the Mast Hill Note, or (ii) 85 of the
lowest VWAP of the Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading days prior to the respective conversion date. 

The Company may prepay the
Mast Hill Note at any time prior to the date that an Event of Default (as defined in the Mast Hill Note) occurs at an amount equal to
the Mast Hill Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus 750 for administrative fees.
The Mast Hill Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults, breach of representations and
warranties, and breach of provisions of the Mast Hill Note, Mast Hill Warrant, or Mast Hill SPA. 

Upon the occurrence of any
Event of Default, the Mast Hill Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Mast Hill, in full satisfaction
of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Mast Hill Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued interest multiplied by 125 .
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from the date of the Event of Default at the rate equal to
the lower of 16 per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

24 

The Mast Hill Warrant is
exercisable for five years from February 23, 2023, at an exercise price of 0.25 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the Mast
Hill Warrant. The Mast Hill Warrant also contains certain cashless exercise provisions as well as price protection provisions providing
for adjustment of the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Mast Hill Warrant and the exercise
price in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions. 

As additional
consideration for the purchase of the Mast Hill Note and pursuant to the terms of the Mast Hill SPA, on February 24, 2023, the
Company issued 955,000 restricted shares of common stock (the Commitment Shares to Mast Hill at closing. The Mast
Hill SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject to
certain exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the Commitment Shares as well as the shares of common stock
underlying the Mast Hill Note and the Mast Hill Warrant. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the Mast
Hill Note and the Mast Hill Warrant, the sum of the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the Mast Hill SPA
(including the Commitment Shares), the Mast Hill Note, and the Mast Hill Warrant shall be limited to 19.99 of the issued and
outstanding common stock on the closing date (equal to 27,720,448 shares) as further described in the Mast Hill SPA, unless
shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is obtained by the Company. 

On March 23, 2023, the Company made a monthly interest-only
payment to Mast Hill in the amount of 5,086. 

March
2023 FirstFire Securities Purchase Agreement, Note Warrant 

On
March 21, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the SPA with FirstFire, pursuant to which the
Company issued an 12 unsecured promissory note (the 2023 FirstFire Note with a maturity date of March 21, 2024, in the
principal sum of 573,000 (the Principal Sum ). In addition, the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant for the
purchase of up to 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock (the 2023 FirstFire Warrant to FirstFire pursuant
to the SPA. Pursuant to the terms of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the Company agreed to pay the Principal Sum to FirstFire and to pay interest
on the principal balance at the rate of 12 per annum. The 2023 FirstFire Note carries an OID of 57,300. Accordingly, on the closing
date, FirstFire paid the purchase price of 515,700 in exchange for the 2023 FirstFire Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. FirstFire
may convert the 2023 FirstFire Note into the Company s common stock at any time at a conversion price equal to 0.175 per share,
subject to adjustment as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Note (including but not limited to certain price protection provisions in case
of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions) as well as certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the Company agreed to pay accrued interest monthly as well as the Principal Sum as follows:
(i) 57,300 on September 21, 2023, (ii) 57,300 on October 21, 2023, (iii) 57,300 on November 21, 2023, (iv) 100,000 on December 21,
2023, (v) 100,000 on January 21, 2024, (vi) 100,000 on February 21, 2024, and (vii) all remaining amounts owed under the 2023 FirstFire
Note on the maturity date (each of the aforementioned payments are an Amortization Payment ). If the Company fails to make
any Amortization Payment, then FirstFire shall have the right to convert the amount of such respective Amortization Payment into shares
of common stock as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Note at the lesser of (i) the then applicable conversion price under the 2023 FirstFire
Note or (ii) 85 of the lowest VWAP of the Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading days prior to the
respective conversion date. 

The
Company may prepay the 2023 FirstFire Note at any time prior to the date that an event of default (as provided in the 2023 FirstFire
Note) occurs at an amount equal to the Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus 750
for administrative fees. The 2023 FirstFire Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults,
breach of representations and warranties, and breach of provisions of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the 2023 FirstFire Warrant, or SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any event of default, the 2023 FirstFire Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to
FirstFire, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued interest
multiplied by 125 (the Default Amount ). Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from
the date of the Event of Default at the rate equal to the lower of 16 per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The
2023 FirstFire Warrant is exercisable for five years from March 21, 2023, at an exercise price of 0.25 per share, subject to adjustment
as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. The 2023 FirstFire Warrant also contains certain cashless exercise provisions as well as price
protection provisions providing for adjustment of the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the 2023 FirstFire Warrants
and the exercise price in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions. 

As
additional consideration for the purchase of the 2023 FirstFire Note and pursuant to the terms of the SPA, on March 22, 2023, the
Company issued 955,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Commitment Shares to FirstFire at
closing. The SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and
subject to certain exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the Commitment Shares as well as the shares of common
stock underlying the 2023 FirstFire Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations
provided in the 2023 FirstFire Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant, the sum of the number of shares of common stock that may be
issued under the SPA (including the Commitment Shares), the 2023 FirstFire Note, and 2023 FirstFire Warrant shall be limited to
10,000,000 shares as further described in the SPA, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is obtained by the
Company. 

Business
Growth Initiatives 

The
Company s mission is to provide excellence in multidisciplinary primary health care evaluation, assessment, diagnosis, treatment,
pain management and prevention through the integration of medical technology, advanced therapeutics, and rehabilitative science combined
with the development and distribution of high-quality health and wellness product solutions. Key elements of our business growth initiatives
include: 

Increase Market Share
 in Canada through Organic Growth, Asset Acquisition and Affiliate Network Expansion for both our Clinic and Eldercare Operations.
 Specific to our clinic operations, the Company has an ongoing initiative to expand our Canadian market share through organic
 growth, increasing our affiliate network of clinics, as well as strategic acquisitions and Joint Ventures of operating multidisciplinary
 primary health care clinics in markets in which we currently operate as well as new geographic markets. Specific to our eldercare
 based operations, we intend to increase our Canada market share of providing contracted-occupational therapy and physiotherapy services
 to eldercare centric homes through network affiliation growth, new contract awards, and increased usage of telemedicine. 

25 

Expand Operations into
 the United States through: 

the introduction and deployment
 of our various interconnected technology platforms to deliver the Company s array of primary care services and products. 

Establish micro clinics
 in existing facilities through partnerships with existing U.S. based operators of healthcare related services and products such as
 pharmacies and big-box retail outlets. 

The strategic acquisition
 of targeted U.S. operating clinics in key geographical areas. 

The strategic acquisition
 of targeted U.S. operating pharmacies in key geographical areas. 

Establishment of strategic
 affiliations, alliances and partnerships with existing U.S. health care provider facilities allowing us immediate access to their
 client base. 

Open Micro-Clinic Facilities
 through our U.S. and Canada LA Fitness Master Facility License Agreements. Micro-clinic facilities are reduced footprint clinics,
 primarily located within the footprint of box-store commercial enterprises, focused on providing both (i) multidisciplinary primary
 care and medical technology related services, and (ii) health and wellness products. Under the terms of our agreements with LA Fitness
 (U.S. and Canada), we are planning to operate micro-clinic facilities within the footprint of LA Fitness facilities throughout both
 the U.S. and Canada. Each micro-clinic exists through either third-party sub-license agreements or corporate sponsored arrangement.
 The Company s LA Fitness based micro-clinic facilities will primarily provide outpatient physiotherapy and occupational therapy
 services. 

Further Development
 and Usage of Novo Connect and Telemedicine/Telehealth Medical Technology Platform. 

The
Company s focus on a holistic approach to patient-first health and wellness, through innovation and decentralization, includes
maintaining an on-going continuous connection with our current and future patient community, beyond the traditional confines of brick-and-mortar
facilities, by extending oversight of patient evaluation, diagnosis, treatment solutions, and monitoring, directly through various Medical
Technology Platforms and periphery tools either in-use or under development. Through the integration and deployment of sophisticated
and secure technology and periphery diagnostic tools, the Company is working to expand the reach of our non-critical primary care services
and product offerings, beyond the traditional clinic locations, to geographic areas not readily providing advanced primary care service
to date, including the patient s home. 

The
Company believes the healthcare industry is in the early stages of a fundamental transformation of the patient-practitioner-health insurer
relationship whereby the patient is demanding greater control and care collaboration for their health and wellness needs while the practitioner
desires dramatic improved efficiency in the delivery of their expertise to the patient. Through both internal development and partnerships,
the Company is working to provide the next generation of telehealth technology capability to offer the patient and the practitioner a
sophisticated and enhanced telehealth interaction through laptop, desktop or the Company s Novo Connect mobile application. 

Novo
Connect is the Company s proprietary mobile application designed and built to be a secure, cloud-based health and commerce web
application intended to assist patients as they explore, connect, manage, and have direct control of their personalized health and wellness
needs. Novo Connect is designed to integrate the Company s interconnected technology and provide the patient a single platform
with a robust healthcare ecosystem of services, products and digital health offerings. 

26 

Through
the interface of sophisticated peripheral based diagnostic tools, such as a blood pressure reading device, a derma scope, an ophthalmoscope
otoscope, and other add-ons operated by skilled support workers in the patient s remote location, the practitioner s ability
and comfort to provide a uniquely comprehensive evaluation, diagnosis, and treatment solution is dramatically elevated creating virtual
visits that are intended to be as real and as effective as a physical visit. 

Specific
to our eldercare operations, prior to COVID-19 our Telemedicine Medical Technology Platform was primarily focused on providing physiotherapy
related virtual-care services to both smaller and remote eldercare focused facilities to ensure access to service providers,
when needed; and continuity of care to eldercare patients without service providers in their area. With the profound impact COVID-19
has had on the delivery of healthcare services sector wide, we expanded our eldercare related Telemedicine Medical Technology Platform
to include non-critical resident reviews, exercise related activity and additional physiotherapy sessions, ensuring continuity of service
for our long-term care and retirement home clients. 

Specific
to our Clinic based operations, the success of telemedicine has always depended on the adoption of virtual technology by clinicians,
medically licensed providers and the patient. A basic checklist approach to results allows both multidisciplinary clinicians and medically
licensed providers to remotely determine if direct medical attention is required rather than remote or virtual guidance to care. The
patient friendly telemedicine platform removes the traditional barrier represented by intimidating peripherals along with necessary precision
use and application of the peripherals to obtain accurate data necessary for appropriate diagnosis. A patient can now feel certain of
their role in the assessment process without sophisticated and exhaustive training. 

Develop and Launch our
 Remote Patient Monitoring Medical Technology Platform . Beyond the traditional confines of in-clinic visits, our Remote Patient
 Monitoring Medical Technology Platform RPM platform or RPM provides clinicians and practitioners the
 ability to maintain an on-going continuous connection with their patient community extending patient care directly into the patient s
 home. Through our licensing agreement with Cloud DX, our RPM platform empowers a patient to have direct control of collecting and
 monitoring real-time vital sign information while maintaining a direct technology link from patient to clinician or medical practitioner.
 The transfer of vital information from home to clinic or patient to clinician allows for the delivery of high quality, non-redundant
 diagnostic based proactive healthcare. The implementation of in-clinic patient metrics equivalent to those derived via a remote application
 in the home environment is the first step in engaging patient retention to remote review. 

Effective
with the re-opening of NHL s corporate clinics post COVID-19 lockdown, we have launched Phase 1 of our Remote Patient Monitoring
Medical Technology Platform. Using the Cloud DX technology, at the time of our clinic staff initiating patient check-in, NHL s
staff is collecting pertinent vital sign data for on-going analysis, comparison, and observation under the RPM license application. Our
clinic staff are actively working to educate our patients regarding the benefits of participating in our RPM Platform. In Canada, third
party insurance coverage for RPM related devices is now being reviewed for implementation nationwide. Currently, as documented and requested
by the clinician, insurance coverage is being approved on a case-by- case basis. 

Additionally,
the Company is implementing a marketing and sales program to sub-license the Cloud DX technology to our Canadian affiliate clinic network
as well as other clinics and medically licensed providers throughout both Canada and the United States. 

Build
 an Intellectual Property and Patent Portfolio . In addition to the Company s current portfolio of Intellectual Property
 (IP), patent-pending and patent assets, we intend to acquire or obtain licensing rights for IP and patents related to health sciences,
 health and wellness products, and nano-formulation. 
 
 When
 considering nano-formulation patent and IP assets, one specific area we intend to pursue relates to medical cannabis related medicines,
 beverages and foods infused with dry powder, liquid or oil with further formulation into creams and gels, allowing for oral, intravenous
 and/or transdermal delivery. 

27 

Expand our Posture,
 Stride, and Kinetic Body Movement Scanning Technologies and Protocols. When combined with decades of data harvesting and analysis,
 we believe these specialized technologies and protocols provide our clinics with the ability to deliver better healthcare, through
 early diagnosis and preventative health care strategies, to both our patients and patients under the care of other providers. 

Launch our Exclusive
 Medicinal Cannabidiol CBD Product Platform based in Canada. As we continue to build our health science platform
 of services and products through the integration of technology and rehabilitative science, one component of our lateral business
 growth strategy includes developing business units centered on the direct control of the cultivation, processing, and manufacturing
 of CBD products in Canada, and the sale and distribution of medicinal CBD products in Canada and authorized U.S. states. We expect
 our prospective medicinal CBD products will be specifically focused on CBD for use (i) as a treatment aid; (ii) to provide relief
 for a large array of neurological and musculoskeletal system disorders; and (iii) as an alternative option for health care providers
 in place of prescribing opioids to patients. 

Offering
our patients access to non-hallucinogenic and non-addictive natural remedies, under required clinical oversight policies and procedures
as they relate to medicinal CBD, combined with our existing clinic-based treatment protocols, allows us to enter this market segment
with a unique integration model not readily available in the marketplace. 

LA
Fitness U.S. and Canada License Agreement Guaranty for Micro Clinics 

In
September 2019, through its U.S. subsidiary Novomerica Health Group, Inc. Novomerica and its Canadian subsidiary, Novo
Healthnet Limited, the Company entered into exclusive Master Facility License Agreements License Agreement to establish
and operate reduced footprint clinics, or micro-clinics , to provide outpatient physical and/or occupational therapy services
and related products within LA Fitness facilities in both the U.S. and Canada. In March 2020, as a result of guidelines issued by local,
state, federal, and provincial authorities due to the COVID-19 pandemic, LA Fitness U.S. and Canada closed all facilities nationwide.
As a result, all contractual terms and conditions of both our U.S. and Canada Master Facility License Agreements were placed on hold
through fiscal year 2021 with all parties expressing the intent to amend both the U.S. and Canada License Agreements and related timelines
to launch our LA Fitness micro-clinic facilities as normal activity resumes in the LA Fitness U.S. and Canada facilities. 

On
December 15, 2021, NHL entered into an Amended and Restated Master Facility License Agreement (the Amended and Restated Canada
License Agreement with LAF Canada Company LA Fitness Canada ). The Amended and Restated Canada License Agreement
had the effect of (i) removing NHL s obligation to develop and open a certain number of facilities within certain designated time
periods; and (ii) revising the default provisions such that certain defaults will result only in termination with respect to a specific
facility, rather than of the license itself. As a result of the Amended and Restated Canada License Agreement, NHL may continue to develop
and open additional facilities for business. 

We
cannot guarantee that the U.S. License Agreement will be amended to allow for an extension of its timeline. Currently, under both government
and internal corporate directives, LA Fitness continues to both open and expand operations, access and services offered in both its U.S.
and Canada facilities. Opening of our micro-clinic facilities may vary from state to state and province-to-province; however, our model
plan to partner and sub-license with existing local clinic ownership to launch and operate each of our LA Fitness micro-clinic facilities
remains intact. Due to the ever-changing conditions surrounding the operations of both U.S. and Canada based LA Fitness facilities, we
are unable to verify our schedule to commence opening our micro-clinics, but we are tentatively planning on a target of the latter part of 2023. 

Cloud
DX 

On
February 26, 2019, the Company entered into a Software License Agreement with Cloud DX, Inc., a medical device company, operating in
the United States and Canada that develops both hardware and related software for Remote Patient Monitoring Medical Technology Platform
and Chronic Care, that provides NHL with perpetual licensing rights to the Bundled Pulsewave PAD-1A USB Blood Pressure Device, related
software and up-to-date product releases. Additionally, the License Agreement provides NHL with conditional exclusive rights, over the
initial 5-year period, to sub-license and re-sell Bundled Pulsewave Devices and related software pursuant to the terms of the Software
License Agreement. 

28 

The
Cloud DX platform allows NHL to further expand on its patient care philosophy of maintaining an on-going continuous connection with its
patient community, beyond the traditional confines of a clinic, extending oversight of patient care and monitoring directly into the
patient s home through Remote Patient Monitoring Medical Technology Platform. The Cloud DX technology empowers a patient with real-time
vital sign information while maintaining a direct technology link from patient to clinician or medical practitioner. The transfer of
vital information from home to clinic or patient to clinician further allows our clinicians and practitioners to deliver non-redundant
diagnostic based proactive multidisciplinary primary health care. 

Effective
with the re-opening of NHL s corporate clinics post COVID-19 lockdown, we have launched Phase 1 of our Remote Patient Monitoring
Medical Technology Platform. Using the Cloud DX technology, at the time of our clinic staff initiating patient check-in, NHL s
staff is collecting pertinent vital sign data for on-going analysis, comparison, and observation under the RPM license application. Our
clinic staff are actively working to educate our patients regarding the benefits of participating in our RPM Platform. In Canada, third
party insurance coverage for RPM related devices is now being reviewed for implementation nationwide. Currently, as documented and requested
by the clinician, insurance coverage is being approved on a case-by- case basis. 

Additionally,
the Company is implementing a marketing and sales program to sub-license the Cloud DX technology to our Canadian affiliate clinic network
as well as other clinics and medically licensed providers throughout both Canada and the United States. 

Contracts 

Certain
contracts held with client homes and client companies follow standard formats and include generally accepted terms of reference. Specific
clauses within the NHL contracts for services contain language intended to (1) clarify which entity is the health information custodian
of the medical files (usually held by the client home or company), (2) define release of liability, (3) ensure privacy and confidentiality
of proprietary information or private health information, (4) define provisions of worker s compensation clearance or benefits
for employees and/or contractors, (5) detail provisions of value-added items, services or programs, (6) set out terms and conditions
of the contract (often for a set number of years with an option to a renew), (7) provide for termination conditions, and (8) detail invoicing
and billing procedures. 

Employees 

As
of August 31, 2022, we employed 115 full-time employees and 91 part-time employees across all Company subsidiaries. Specific to our clinic
and eldercare services, approximately 90 of our clinicians and practitioners are contracted as independent contractors. We believe that
a diverse workforce is important to our success. We will continue to focus on the hiring, retention and advancement of women and underrepresented
populations, and to cultivate an inclusive and diverse corporate culture. In the future, we intend to continue to evaluate our use of
human capital measures or objectives in managing our business such as the factors we employ or seek to employ in the development, attraction
and retention of personnel and maintenance of diversity in our workforce. 

The
success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety
and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient
health and wellness programs, including benefits that provide protection and security so they can have peace of mind concerning events
that may require time away from work or that impact their financial well-being; that support their physical and mental health by providing
tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health status and encourage engagement in healthy behaviors; and that offer
choice where possible so they can customize their benefits to meet their needs and the needs of their families. 

We
also provide robust compensation and benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees. We believe that we maintain a satisfactory
working relationship with our employees and have not experienced any labor disputes. 

29 

Competition 

In
both Canada and the U.S., the primary healthcare service sector in which we operate is highly competitive. Specific to both our clinic
and eldercare operations, with a finite number of patients and corporate clients, companies providing multidisciplinary primary health
care services operate within an overlapping patient and client landscape. 

Our
principal competitors include other multidisciplinary primary healthcare providers, clinics, pharmacies, other micro clinic-oriented
facilities, hospitals, and general primary care facilities. An important part of our business strategy is to continue making targeted
acquisitions of other multidisciplinary primary healthcare providers. However, reduced capacity, the passage of healthcare parity legislation,
and increased demand for multidisciplinary primary healthcare related services and products are likely to attract other potential buyers,
including diversified healthcare companies, other pure-play multidisciplinary primary healthcare providers, companies, and private equity
firms. 

In
addition to the competition we face for acquisitions, we must also compete for patients. Patients are referred to our multidisciplinary
primary healthcare facilities through a number of different sources, including healthcare practitioners, public programs, other treatment
facilities, insurance providers, legal practitioners, and word of mouth from previously treated patients and their families, among others.
These referral sources may instead refer patients to other providers of services similar to ours. 

There
is additional competition from non-traditional healthcare providers, such as holistic and Eastern medicine-based clinics. We believe
we can successfully compete based on providing high-quality specialized multidisciplinary primary health care services, products, meaningful
interconnected technology applications, competitive pricing, building and maintaining a solid reputation and our caregiver s devotion
to maintaining the highest quality patient satisfaction. 

The
health and wellness product industry is highly competitive. Our ability to remain competitive depends on many factors, including having
relevant products that meet consumer needs, enhanced education and tools, innovation in our products and services, competitive pricing,
a strong reputation, and a financially viable company. 

 Health
Insurance Plans 

Additionally,
our ability to effectively compete for patients is impacted by commercial and managed care payor programs that influence patient choice
by offering health insurance plans that restrict patient choice of provider. 

Canadian
Health Care System 

Our
competition will also be the Canadian health care system which is a government sponsored system that began in 1957, when Parliament approved
the Hospital Insurance and Diagnostics Services Act. The Act provided free acute hospital care, laboratory and radiological diagnostic
services to Canadians. By 1961, agreements were in place with all the provinces and 99 of Canadians had free access to the health care
services covered by the legislation. The Act was followed by the Medical Care Act of 1966 that provided free access to physician services.
By 1972, each province had established its own system of free access to physician services. The federal government shared in the funding.
In 1984, the Government of Canada passed the Canada Health Act (CHA). The Canada Health Act created a publicly administered health care
system that is comprehensive, universal and accessible. All medically necessary procedures are provided free of charge. The system provides
diagnostic, treatment and preventive services regardless of income level or station in life. Access to care is not based on health status
or ability to pay. Coverage is portable between provinces and territories. We can give no assurance that we will be able to effectively
compete in this market. 

30 

Government
Regulation and Health Care Regulation 

Canada 

In
Canada, some health care services are public, some are private and there are a number of different entities involved in regulating and
providing their delivery. While there is a perception that all health care in Canada is publicly funded, the publicly funded system is
generally restricted to medically necessary hospital and physician services, and provincial or territorial drug plans that
provide access to prescription drugs to residents over the age of 65 or those residents who rely on social assistance programs. Publicly
funded services are delivered through a combination of public and private providers and funding comes from the Canadian federal government,
which sets national standards, and the provincial and territorial governments, which regulates the delivery of services and determines
those services that are deemed medically necessary (i.e., publicly funded) within the context of their own unique fiscal
and political environment. In addition, there are a wide array of health products and services that are not subject to coverage under
the public health insurance plans that are provided on a private payer basis. See Risks Related to our Multidisciplinary Primary
Health Care Business . 

Federal/Provincial
Government Division of Power 

As
is the case for many important industries and economic sectors, neither the federal, nor the provincial/territorial level of government
has exclusive jurisdiction over health. Instead, the Constitution Act, 1867, divides the legislative powers relevant to the regulation
of the delivery of health products and services between the federal and provincial levels of government. 

The
federal government is responsible for regulating important aspects of various health industries or sectors including the regulation of
selling, importing, distributing and marketing of drugs and medical devices and maintains significant influence over health policy and
national objectives through the use of its spending power. 

The
provincial/territorial level of government has comprehensive authority over the delivery of health care services. Other examples of provincial
responsibility include the regulation of hospitals and other health facilities, administration of health insurance plans, distribution
of prescription drugs and regulation of health professionals. 

However,
many health industry sectors are subject to at least some degree of regulation or oversight by both levels of government. 

Canada s
National Health Insurance Program 

Canada s
 national health insurance program, a publicly funded single-payer system often referred to as Medicare, is
designed to ensure that all Canadian residents have universal access to medically necessary hospital and physician services through the
provincial and territorial health care insurance plans. 

 The
Canada Health Act 

The
Canada Health Act is the federal legislation that provides the foundation for the Canadian health care system. The Act is administered
by Health Canada, the federal department with primary responsibility for maintaining and improving the health of Canadians. However,
neither the Canada Health Act nor Health Canada have direct authority to regulate the health insurance plans that give effect to the
publicly funded health insurance system that is in place across the country. Instead, the Act establishes certain values and principles
and sets out criteria and conditions that each publicly funded health insurance plan is required to meet in order to qualify for federal
funding through the Canada Health Transfer. As federal funding is critical to the ability to fund medically necessary hospital
and physician services, each provincial and territorial health insurance plan must satisfy the requirements of public administration;
universality; portability; comprehensiveness; and accessibility. 

Notably,
these requirements relate only to funding and administration and establish broad principles rather than a prescriptive code. In addition,
the Canada Health Act is silent with respect to the delivery of health services and does not prohibit or discourage the delivery of insured
health services by the private sector. As a result, there is significant variation in the funding and administration of health insurance
plans from one jurisdiction to another. However, most provinces permit the delivery of a broad range of publicly funded health services
through a combination of both public and private providers. Indeed, many publicly funded services in Canada are privately delivered. 

The
requirement that publicly funded health insurance plans be comprehensive requires that medically necessary hospital and
physician services be covered. If a service is determined to be medically necessary then the full cost of the service must
be covered by the public plan. However, the term is not defined and the services that must be covered are intentionally and broadly defined
in order to accommodate the ability of each province and territory to make its own coverage decisions within the context of its unique
fiscal and political environment. Typically, such decisions are made in consultation with the relevant medical associations in the jurisdiction.
However, determining whether a particular service is medical necessary is a determination that has both a fiscal and political
dimension. Ultimately, these coverage decisions are decisions about the allocation of scarce public resources. 

The
products and services available to Canadians through the publicly funded health insurance system are supplemented by a wide array of
health products and services that are not, as a general matter, subject to coverage under the public health insurance plans. For example,
prescription drug coverage, dental services and vision care are generally provided on a private payer basis. However, many jurisdictions
provide coverage for these types of services to seniors and those who face financial or other barriers to privately funded health care.
There are also a growing number of providers that offer non-medically necessary ancillary health services. Examples include elective
surgical or cosmetic procedures. 

31 

Regulation
of Health Professionals and Health Facilities 

Health
professionals and health care facilities are subject to federal laws of general application, but the regulation of such matters is largely
a matter of provincial jurisdiction. 

Health
Professionals 

Through
legislation, the provinces have delegated the regulation of health professionals to self-governing professional bodies (with varying
degrees of discretion). Such legislation generally seeks to protect the public through a combination of input regulations 
that focus on who is entitled to provide a particular health service and output regulations that focus on the quality and
delivery of the service being provided. Such regulations also generally include conflict of interest (or anti-kickback) provisions, as
such matters are generally dealt with as part of the regulation of health professions rather than the regulation of health facilities. 

Health
industry participants that offer a particular service need to understand how the service is regulated. If the service involves the performance
of a regulated or controlled act (i.e., acts that can only be performed by a particular category or categories of regulated health professionals
or their delegates) then the involvement of one or more duly qualified health professionals will likely be required. Also, it may be
necessary to implement certain protocols and procedures in order to comply with the requirements of the regulatory colleges that govern
the practices of any such professionals. Complying with such requirements can have significant commercial implications. 

Health
Facilities 

Operating
a regulated health facility can be challenging and often involves a degree of regulatory risk. 

Residential
health care facilities other than hospitals, such as nursing homes, long-term care facilities, pharmacies, laboratories and specimen
collection clinics are, in most jurisdictions, privately owned and operated pursuant to provincial licenses and oversight. However, the
degree to which such health facilities and other providers are regulated generally depends on the nature of the products and services
being provided. 

The
operation of health facilities by private sector entities still typically involves some element of reimbursement through public funds.
Where public funds are being used to acquire goods and services, additional accountability measures such as procurement requirements
often apply. 

Regulation
of Drugs 

The
process of obtaining marketing authorizations and approvals of prescription drugs is administered by Health Canada s Therapeutic
Products Directorate TPD ). 

The
TPD applies the Food and Drugs Act and the regulations applicable to prescription drugs to ensure that drug products sold in Canada are
safe and effective. No drug product can be offered for sale in Canada unless and until, after review, it is issued a marketing authorization
by Health Canada. 

In
addition to its review of drug products, Health Canada is responsible for the ongoing monitoring of drug products being sold in Canada,
as well as the regulation of good manufacturing practices and establishment licenses, which are required in connection with the import,
manufacture, distribution and/or sale of drug products. 

32 

The
Patented Medicines Prices Review Board 

The
Patented Medicines Prices Review Board PMPRB is an independent quasi-judicial body created in 1987 under amendments to
the Patent Act. The PMPRB is responsible for regulating the prices that patentees charge for prescription and non-prescription patented
drugs sold in Canada. Based on a review of the information required to be filed by a patentee, the PMPRB considers whether the price
of a medicine appears excessive based on certain factors including: (i) the prices that the patented medicine is sold in the Canadian
market; (ii) the prices at which other medicines in the same therapeutic class are sold in the Canadian market; and (iii) the prices
at which the medicine and other medicines in the same therapeutic class have been sold in other countries other than Canada. If the PMPRB
considers the price of a medicine appears excessive, revised pricing is the usual outcome. 

Public
Market Access 

Each
province has a provincial drug plan that allows certain individuals to access drugs at a reduced cost. Products that will be paid for
by the provincial government (in some provinces, for all residents, while in others for certain prescribed individuals such as seniors
and individuals receiving social assistance), are typically listed on provincial formularies. For innovator products, the manufacturer
negotiates the pricing for inclusion on the provincial formulary with the provincial government. For generic products, the price to be
paid for the generic product is determined by a sliding scale of fixed prices related to when such products enter the market and the
price of the innovator product (i.e., a percent of the price of the innovator pharmaceutical product depending on whether they are first,
second or third entry products). If a drug is a generic product and listed as interchangeable on the provincial formulary, a pharmacist
is permitted to dispense the interchangeable product for the innovator product. Under most provincial benefit plans, interchanging a
generic product for the innovator product by pharmacists is mandatory and generally most provinces will only reimburse the pharmacist
for the lowest cost interchangeable product. Government drug plans account for approximately 50 of all sales of prescription drugs in
Canada. 

The
scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to constant change. Federal and provincial enforcement entities
have significantly increased their scrutiny of health care companies and providers which has led to investigations, prosecutions, convictions
and large settlements. Although we conduct our business in compliance with all applicable federal and provincial fraud and abuse laws,
many of these laws are broadly worded and may be interpreted or applied in ways that cannot be predicted with any certainty. Therefore,
we cannot assure you that our arrangements or business practices will not be subject to government scrutiny or that they will be found
to be in compliance with applicable fraud and abuse laws. Further, responding to investigations can be time consuming and result in significant
legal fees and can potentially divert management s attention from the Company. 

Client
Information Privacy 

In
Canada, under the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act and under various provincial laws, comprehensive privacy
laws have been introduced to protect the privacy of individuals from the undisclosed or non-consensual sharing of sensitive information
for commercial purposes. As the gathering and use of information is such an integral component of our business, we must always be alert
for and respond to changes in the information regulatory environment. 

Protection
of Environment and Human Health and Safety 

We
are subject to various federal, state and local and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human health and safety,
including those governing the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites and the maintenance
of a safe workplace. Some of our operations include the use, generation and disposal of hazardous materials. We also plan to acquire
ownership in new facilities and properties, some of which may have had a history of commercial or other operations. We may, in the future,
incur liability under environmental statutes and regulations with respect to contamination of sites we own or operate, including contamination
caused by prior owners or operators of such sites, abutters or other persons, and the off-site disposal of hazardous substances. Violations
of these laws and regulations may result in substantial civil penalties or fines. 

33 

United
States 

The
United States health care industry is subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local governments. Government regulation
affects our businesses in several ways, including requiring licensure or certification of facilities, regulating billing and payment
for certain of our services, regulating how we maintain health-related information and patient privacy, and regulating how we pay and
contract with our physicians. Our ability to conduct our business and to operate profitability depends in part upon obtaining and maintaining
all necessary licenses and other approvals; and complying with applicable healthcare laws and regulations. See Risk Factors 
Risks Related to Health Care Regulation. 

State
Law Regulation of Construction, Acquisition or Expansion of Healthcare Facilities 

Thirty-six
states have certificate of need programs that require some level of prior approval for the construction of a new facility, acquisition
or expansion of an existing facility, or the addition of new services at various healthcare facilities. Following the acquisition of
one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, states where we may seek to operate may require
a certificate of need to acquire or operate our clinics. 

State
Licensure 

Only
a few states may require the licensure of multidimensional primary health care clinics and clinics such as ours. This absence of a uniform
licensing process leads to inconsistencies in the nature and scope of services offered at our care clinics. To effectively control both
the nature of services rendered and the environment in which services are offered, state legislators or regulators may attempt to regulate
the urgent care industry in a manner similar to hospitals and freestanding emergency rooms. Following the acquisition of one or more
clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, such regulations could have a material impact on our growth
strategy and expansion plans. 

Laws
and Rules Regarding Billing 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, numerous
state and federal laws may apply to our claims for payment, including but not limited to (i) coordination of benefits rules
that dictate which payor must be billed first when a patient has coverage from multiple payors, (ii) requirements that overpayments be
refunded within a specified period of time, (iii) reassignment rules governing the ability to bill and collect professional
fees on behalf of other providers, (iv) requirements that electronic claims for payment be submitted using certain standardized transaction
codes and formats, and (v) laws requiring all health and financial information of patients in a manner that complies with applicable
security and privacy standards. 

Additionally,
on January 16, 2009, the United States Department of Health and Human Services HHS ), released the final rule (implemented
on October 1, 2015) mandating that providers covered by the Administrative Simplification Provisions of the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), including our clinics, comply with ICD-10. Following the acquisition of one or
more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, we will incur additional compliance related costs. 

Medicare
and Medicaid 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, our
clinics and multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians and practitioners, including any staffing we might pursue in affiliate clinics
or eldercare centric homes in the United States, might participate in the federal Medicare and/or Medicaid programs. 

34 

Since
1992, Medicare has paid for the medically necessary services of physicians, non-physician practitioners, clinicians and
certain other suppliers under a physician fee schedule, a system that pays for covered physicians services furnished to a person
with Medicare Part B coverage. Under the physician fee schedule, relative values are assigned to each of more than 7,000 services to
reflect the amount of work, the direct and indirect (overhead) practice expenses, and the malpractice expenses typically involved in
furnishing that service. Each of these three relative value components is multiplied by a geographic adjustment factor to adjust the
payment for variations in the costs of furnishing services in different localities. Relative value units, or RVUs, are summed for each
service and then are multiplied by a fixed-dollar conversion factor to establish the payment amount for each service. The higher the
number of RVUs assigned to a service, the higher the payment. Under the Medicare fee-for-service payment system, an individual can choose
any licensed physician enrolled in Medicare and use the services of any healthcare provider or facility certified by Medicare. 

On
November 2, 2017, the Clinics for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS issued a final rule updating the Quality Payment
Program QPP under the Medicare and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 MACRA ). MACRA was signed into law
on April 16, 2015, ending the Sustained Growth Rate SGR formula for determining Medicare spending on physician services.
MACRA created two provider payment tracks the Medicare Incentive Payment System MIPS and the Advanced Alternative
Payment Models A-APM track. Under MIPS, clinicians receive an annual composite score, which drives either an upward or
downward rate adjustment two years after the performance period. Under the A-APM track, participants in Medicare Alternative Payment
Models that exceed specified levels of clinician risk become MIPS-exempt and receive special bonuses equivalent to 5 of their annual
Part B revenue. MACRA requirements on clinicians are already in effect for calendar year 2017, with payment adjustments under the new
system due to start in 2019. However, in rulemaking last year, CMS significantly scaled back MIPS requirements for Performance Year 2017
to address concerns about physician buy-in and participation. Under the Final Rule, CMS would continue this go slow trajectory
for MIPS, notably by increasing MIPS exemptions and once again scaling back potential downside payment adjustments through design of
the MIPS scoring system. Reductions in Medicare payments could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

CMS s
RAC Program 

The
Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 MMA introduced on a trial basis the use of Recovery
Audit Contractors RACs for the purpose of identifying and recouping Medicare overpayments and underpayments. Any overpayment
received from Medicare is considered a debt owed to the federal government. In October 2008, CMS made the RAC program permanent. RACs
review Medicare claims to determine whether such claims were appropriately reimbursed by Medicare. RACs engage in an automated review
and in a complex review of claims. Automated reviews are conducted when a review of the medical record is not required and there is certainty
that the service is not covered or is coded incorrectly. Complex reviews involve the review of all underlying medical records supporting
the claim and are generally conducted where there is a high likelihood, but not certainty, that an overpayment has occurred. RACs are
paid a contingency fee based on overpayments they identified and collected. 

A
Medicare administrative contractor, or MAC, may suspend Medicare payments to a provider if it determines that an overpayment has occurred.
When a Medicare claim for payment is filed, the MAC will notify the patient and the provider of its initial determination regarding reimbursement.
The MAC may deny the claim for one of several reasons, including the lack of necessary information or lack of medical necessity for the
services rendered. Providers may appeal any denials for claim payment. 

 Anti-Kickback
Statute 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, if we
are participants in the Medicare program, we will be subject to the Anti-kickback Statute. The Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits the knowing
and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of remuneration, directly or indirectly, in return for the referral of patients or
arranging for the referral of patients, or in return for the recommendation, arrangement, purchase, lease or order of items or services
that are covered, in whole or in part, by a federal healthcare program such as Medicare or Medicaid. The term remuneration 
has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value such as gifts, discounts, rebates, waiver of payments or providing anything
at less than its fair market value. The ACA amended the intent requirement of the Anti-Kickback Statute such that a person or entity
can be found guilty of violating the statute without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violation the statute. Further,
the ACA now provides that claims submitted in violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitute false or fraudulent claims for purposes
of the civil False Claims Act FCA including the failure to timely return an overpayment. Many states have adopted similar
prohibitions against kickbacks and other practices that are intended to influence the purchase, lease or ordering of healthcare items
and services reimbursed by a governmental health program or state Medicaid program. Some of these state prohibitions apply to remuneration
for referrals of healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial payors. 

35 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, if we
accept funds from governmental health programs, we will be subject to the Anti-Kickback Statute. Violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute
can result in exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs as well as civil and criminal penalties, such as 25,000
per violation and up to three times the remuneration involved. If in violation, we may be required to enter into settlement agreements
with the government to avoid such sanctions. Typically, such settlement agreements require substantial payments to the government in
exchange for the government to release its claims, and may also require entry into a corporate integrity agreement, or CIA. Any such
sanctions or obligations contained in a CIA could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

False
Claims Act 

The
federal civil FCA prohibits providers from, among other things, (1) knowingly presenting or causing to be presented, claims for payments
from the Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs that are false or fraudulent; (2) knowingly making, using or causing
to be made or used, a false record or statement to get a false or fraudulent claim paid or approved by the federal government; or (3)
knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay
money to the federal government. The qui tam or whistleblower provisions of the FCA allow private individuals
to bring actions under the FCA on behalf of the government. These private parties are entitled to share in any amounts recovered by the
government, and, as a result, the number of whistleblower lawsuits that have been filed against providers has increased
significantly in recent years. Defendants found to be liable under the FCA may be required to pay three times the actual damages sustained
by the government, plus mandatory civil penalties ranging between 5,500 and 11,000 for each separate false claim. 

There
are many potential bases for liability under the FCA. The government has used the FCA to prosecute Medicare and other government healthcare
program fraud such as coding errors, billing for services not provided, and providing care that is not medically necessary or that is
substandard in quality. The ACA also provides that claims submitted in connection with patient referrals that results from violations
of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitute false claims for the purpose of the FCA with some courts determining that a violation of the
Stark law can result in FCA liability as well. In addition, a number of states have adopted their own false claims and whistleblower
provisions whereby a private party may file a civil lawsuit in state court. Following the acquisition of one or more clinics or staffing
primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, we will be required to provide information to our employees and certain contractors
about state and federal false claims laws and whistleblower provisions and protections. 

Civil
Monetary Penalties Statute 

The
federal Civil Monetary Penalties statute prohibits, among other things, the offering or giving of remuneration to a Medicare or Medicaid
beneficiary that the person or entity knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider
or supplier of items or services reimbursable by a federal or state healthcare program. 

Electronic
Health Records 

As
required by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, the Secretary of HHS has developed and implemented an incentive payment
program for eligible healthcare professionals that adopt and meaningfully use electronic health record, or EHR, technology. HHS uses
the Provider Enrollment, Chain and Ownership System, or PECOS, to verify Medicare enrollment prior to making EHR incentive program payments.
If our employed professionals are unable to meet the requirements for participation in the incentive payment program, including having
an enrollment record in PECOS, we will not be eligible to receive incentive payments that could offset some of the costs of implementing
EHR systems. Further, healthcare professionals that fail to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology are subject to reduced
payments from Medicare. System conversions to comply with EHR could be time consuming and disruptive for physicians and employees. Failure
to implement EHR systems effectively and in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results
of operations. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, we will
convert certain of our clinical and patient accounting information system applications to newer versions of existing applications or
altogether new applications. In connection with our implementation and conversions, we will likely incur capitalized costs and additional
training and implementation expenses. 

36 

Privacy
and Security Requirements of Our Business Lines 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, numerous
federal and state laws and regulations, including HIPAA and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, as
amended HITECH will govern the collection, dissemination, security, use and confidentiality of patient-identifiable health
information. As required by HIPAA, HHS has adopted standards to protect the privacy and security of this health-related information.
The HIPAA privacy regulations contain detailed requirements concerning the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information
and the grant of certain rights to patients with respect to such information by covered entities. We believe that all or
substantially all of our entities qualify as covered entities under HIPAA. We will take actions to comply with the HIPAA privacy regulations
including the creation and implementation of policies and procedures, staff training, execution of HIPAA-compliant contractual arrangements
with certain service providers and various other measures. Although we believe we will be in substantial compliance, ongoing implementation
and oversight of these measures involves significant time, effort and expense. 

In
addition to the privacy requirements, HIPAA covered entities must implement certain administrative, physical, and technical security
standards to protect the integrity, confidentiality and availability of certain electronic health-related information received, maintained,
or transmitted by covered entities or their business associates. Although we have taken actions in an effort to be in compliance with
these security regulations, a security incident that bypasses our information security systems causing an information security breach,
loss of PHI, or other data subject to privacy laws or a material disruption of our operational systems could have a material adverse
effect on our business, along with fines. Furthermore, ongoing implementation and oversight of these security measures involves significant
time, effort and expense. 

Further,
HITECH, as implemented in part by an omnibus final rule published in the Federal Register on January 25, 2013, further requires that
patients be notified of any unauthorized acquisition, access, use, or disclosure of their unsecured protected health information, or
PHI, that compromises the privacy or security of such information. HHS has established the presumption that all unauthorized uses or
disclosures of unsecured PHI constitute breaches unless the covered entity or business associate establishes there is a low probability
that the information has been compromised. HITECH and implementing regulations specify that such notifications must be made without unreasonable
delay and in no case later than 60 calendar days after discovery of the breach. Breaches affecting 500 patients or more must be reported
immediately to HHS, which will post the name of the breaching entity on its public website. Furthermore, breaches affecting 500 patients
or more in the same state or jurisdiction must also be reported to the local media. If a breach involves fewer than 500 people, the covered
entity must record it in a log and notify HHS of such breaches at least annually. These breach notification requirements apply not only
to unauthorized disclosures of unsecured PHI to outside third parties but also to unauthorized internal access to or use of such PHI. 

37 

The
scope of the privacy and security requirements under HIPAA was substantially expanded by HITECH, which also increased penalties for violations.
Penalties for violations of these laws vary. For instance, penalties for failure to comply with a requirement of HIPAA and HITECH vary
significantly, and include significant civil monetary penalties and, in certain circumstances, criminal penalties with fines up to 250,000
per violation and/or imprisonment. In addition, numerous breach incidents could lead to possible penalties in excess of 1.68 million.
A person who knowingly obtains or discloses individually identifiable health information in violation of HIPAA may face a criminal penalty
of up to 50,000 and up to one-year imprisonment. The criminal penalties increase if the wrongful conduct involves false pretenses or
the intent to sell, transfer or use identifiable health information for commercial advantage, personal gain or malicious harm. The amount
of penalty that may be assessed depends, in part, upon the culpability of the applicable covered entity or business associate in committing
the violation. Some penalties for certain violations that were not due to willful neglect may be waived by the Secretary
of HHS in whole or in part, to the extent that the payment of the penalty would be excessive relative to the violation. HITECH also authorized
state attorneys general to file suit on behalf of residents of their states. Applicable courts may be able to award damages, costs and
attorneys fees related to violations of HIPAA in such cases. HITECH also mandates that the Secretary of HHS conduct periodic compliance
audits of a cross-section of HIPAA covered entities and business associates. Every covered entity and business associate is subject to
being audited, regardless of the entity s compliance record. 

State
laws may impose more protective privacy restrictions related to health information and may afford individuals a private right of action
with respect to the violation of such laws. Both state and federal laws are subject to modification or enhancement of privacy protection
at any time. We are subject to any federal or state privacy-related laws that are more restrictive than the privacy regulations issued
under HIPAA. These statutes vary and could impose additional requirements on us and more severe penalties for disclosures of health information.
If we fail to comply with HIPAA, similar state laws or any new laws, including laws addressing data confidentiality, security or breach
notification, we could incur substantial monetary penalties and substantial damage to our reputation. 

States
may also impose restrictions related to the confidentiality of personal information that is not considered PHI under HIPAA, including
certain identifying information and financial information of our patients. Theses state laws may impose additional notification requirements
in the event of a breach of such personal information. Failure to comply with such data confidentiality, security and breach notification
laws may result in substantial monetary penalties. 

HIPAA
and HITECH also include standards for common healthcare electronic transactions and code sets, such as claims information, plan eligibility
and payment information. Covered entities such as the Company and each of our clinics will be required to conform to such transaction
set standards. 

Telemedicine
Medical Technology Platform, Remote Patient Monitoring Medical Technology Platform and Novo Connect Medical Technology Platform (collectively,
 Medical Technology Platforms 

Both
our Telemedicine Medical Technology Platform and Remote Patient Monitoring Medical Technology Platform are operational in Canada on a
limited usage basis; but are primarily in development. Our Novo Connect Medical Technology Platform is under development and limited
commercialization. All of our Medical Technology Platforms are subject to governmental health care regulations in Canada including, but
not limited to, the Canada Health Act. While our Medical Technology Platforms are not currently operational in the United States, once
operational our Medical Technology Platforms usage will be subject to United States laws, regulations, and directives such as,
but not limited to, Medicare, Medicaid, RAC, Anti-Kick Back Statute, False Claims Act, Civil Monetary Penalties Statute, HIPAA, and HITECH.
In addition, we will be subject to data privacy, security and breach notification requirements of United States federal, state, and local
statutes and other data privacy and security laws. 

Our
Medical Technology Platforms are intended to collect and transmit a patient s personal data, vital statistics and other medical
history information, and both are subject to governmental health care regulations, data privacy, security and breach notification requirements
of United States federal, state, and local statutes and other data privacy and security laws. 

38 

Stark
Law 

Our
Medical Technology Platforms, once fully operational in the United States, will provide patients with real-time access to third-party
primary care medically licensed physicians, specialists, nurses and nurse practitioners in various medical disciplines as well as multidisciplinary
primary care clinicians. Because we will participate through our Medical Technology Platforms in the Medicare program, we will also be
subject to the Stark Law. Unlike the Fraud and Abuse Law, the Stark Law is a strict liability statute. Proof of intent to violate the
Stark Law is not required. Physical therapy services are among the designated health services . Further, the Stark Law has
application to the Company s management contracts with individual physicians, physician groups, multidisciplinary primary care
clinicians, as well as any other financial relationship between us and referring physicians, specialists, nurses and nurse practitioners
in various medical disciplines as well as multidisciplinary primary care clinicians, including any financial transaction resulting from
a clinic acquisition. The Stark Law also prohibits billing for services rendered pursuant to a prohibited referral. Several states have
enacted laws like the Stark Law. These state laws may cover all (not just Medicare and Medicaid) patients. Many federal healthcare reform
proposals in the past few years have attempted to expand the Stark Law to cover all patients as well. As with the Fraud and Abuse Law,
we consider the Stark Law in operating our Medical Technology Platforms and intend to operate our Medical Technology Platforms in compliance
with the Stark Law. If we violate the Stark Law, our financial results and operations could be adversely affected. Penalties for violations
include denial of payment for the services, significant civil monetary penalties, and exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 

E-Commerce 

We
are subject to general business regulations and laws as well as Federal and provincial regulations and laws specifically governing the
Internet and e-commerce. Existing and future laws and regulations may impede the growth of the use of the Internet, availability of economic
broadband access, or other online services, and increase the cost of providing our digital delivery of content and services. These regulations
and laws may cover taxation, tariffs, user privacy, data protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, electronic contracts
and other communications, consumer protection, broadband internet access and the characteristics and quality of services. It is not clear
how existing laws which govern issues such as property ownership, sales, use and other taxes, libel and personal privacy apply to the
internet and e-commerce. Unfavorable resolution of these issues may harm our business and results of operations. 

Medical
Cannabidiol Product Offering (Future Growth Initiative) 

As
discussed in the Business Growth Initiative section above, we plan to expand our business to include the cultivation, processing, and
manufacturing of CBD products in Canada, and the sale and distribution of medicinal CBD products in Canada and authorized U.S. states.
We expect our prospective medicinal CBD products will be specifically focused on CBD for use (i) as a treatment aid; (ii) to provide
relief for a large array of neurological and musculoskeletal system disorders; and (iii) as an alternative option for health care providers
in place of prescribing opioids to patients. 

Offering
our patients access to non-hallucinogenic and non-addictive natural remedies, under required clinical oversight policies and procedures
as they relate to medicinal cannabis and medicinal CBD, combined with our existing clinic-based treatment protocols, allows us to enter
this market segment with a unique integration model not readily available in the marketplace. 

Cannabis
Versus Hemp 

While
hemp and cannabis are both derived from the same species (Cannabis sativa), there are major differences in the characteristics of the
respective plant strains that produce industrial hemp on the one hand, and cannabis products on the other. In short, hemp is a strain
of the Cannabis sativa plant that is grown primarily for use in industrial applications. It has been specifically cultivated to produce
a low tetrahydrocannabinol THC content and a high cannabidiol content. THC is the psychoactive constituent of cannabis
and is responsible for producing the effects of the drug. CBD is another active ingredient present in Cannabis sativa plants, and it
largely acts to neutralize the psychoactive effects of THC. Since hemp strains have extremely low levels of THC and high levels of CBD,
they do not produce psychoactive effects when ingested. 

Canada 

Cannabis
is legal in Canada for both recreational and medicinal purposes. Medicinal use of cannabis was legalized nationwide on July 30, 2001
under conditions outlined in the Marijuana for Medical Purposes Regulations, later superseded by the Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes
Regulations, issued by Health Canada and seed, grain, and fiber production was permitted under license by Health Canada. The federal
Cannabis Act came into effect on October 17, 2018 and made Canada the second country in the world to formally legalize the cultivation,
possession, acquisition and consumption of cannabis and its by-products. 

39 

As
set out in the Cannabis Regulations: 

Licenses are required for: 

cultivating and processing
 cannabis, 

sale of cannabis for medical
 purposes or recreational purposes, and 

analytical testing of and
 research with cannabis. 

Permits are required to
 import or export: 

cannabis for scientific
 or medical purposes, and 

industrial hemp. 

License holders are subject
 to strict physical and personnel security requirements. 

Plain packaging is required
 for cannabis products. 

The regulations set out
 strict requirements for logos, colors and branding. 

Cannabis products must
 also be labeled with mandatory health warnings, a standardized cannabis symbol, and specific information about the product. 

Access to cannabis for
 medical purposes continues to be provided for patients who need it. 

Manufacturers of prescription
 drugs containing cannabis, while primarily subject to the Food and Drugs Act and its Regulations, are also subject to certain regulatory
 requirements set out in the Cannabis Regulations. 

Patients
authorized by their health care provider are still able to access cannabis for medical purposes by: 

buying directly from a
 federally licensed seller, 

registering with Health
 Canada to produce a limited amount of cannabis for their own medical purposes, or 

designating someone to
 produce it for them. 

Under
the new regulations, there are improvements for patients accessing cannabis for medical purposes from federally licensed sellers. These
improvements include: 

the ability to request
 the return of their medical document from a federally licensed seller, 

the ability to request
 the transfer of their medical document to a different federally licensed seller, 

that the effective date
 on the registration document will be the day it is issued, rather than the day the medical document was signed by the health care
 provider, 

removal of the 30-day limitation
 period for buying cannabis from a federally licensed seller (to ensure no break in a patient s supply), 

a broader range of permitted
 products, and 

access to an increasing
 number of licensed producers and sellers (Health Canada has licensed more producers in the last year than in the four previous years
 combined), which enables: 

competitive prices, 

more supply of cannabis,
 and 

an increased availability
 of a range of products. 

40 

United
States 

Until
2014, when 7 U.S. Code 5940 became federal law as part of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014 Farm Act ), products
containing oils derived from hemp, notwithstanding a minimal or non-existing THC content, were classified as Schedule I illegal drugs.
The 2014 Farm Act expired on September 30, 2018, and was thereafter replaced by the Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018 on December
20, 2018 (the 2018 Farm Act ), which amended various sections of the U.S. Code, thereby removing hemp, defined as cannabis
with less than 0.3 of THC, from Schedule 1 status under the Controlled Substances Act CSA ), and legalizing the cultivation
and sale of hemp at the federal level, subject to compliance with certain federal requirements and state law, amongst other things. THC
is the psychoactive component of plants in the cannabis family generally identified as marihuana or marijuana. We anticipate that our
prospective medicinal CBD products will be federally legal in the United States in that they will contain less than 0.3 of THC in compliance
with the 2018 Farm Bill guidelines and will have no psychoactive effects on our patients and customers bodies. Notwithstanding,
there is no assurance that the 2018 Farm Act will not be repealed or amended such that our prospective products containing hemp-derived
CBD would once again be deemed illegal under federal law. 

The
2018 Farm Bill also shifted regulatory authority from the Drug Enforcement Administration to the Department of Agriculture. The 2018
Farm Bill did not change the United States Food and Drug Administration s FDA oversight authority over CBD products.
The 2018 Farm Act delegated the authority to the states to regulate and limit the production of hemp and hemp derived products within
their territories. Although many states have adopted laws and regulations that allow for the production and sale of hemp and hemp derived
products under certain circumstances, no assurance can be given that such state laws may not be repealed or amended such that our intended
products containing hemp-derived CBD would once again be deemed illegal under the laws of one or more states now permitting such products,
which in turn would render such intended products illegal in those states under federal law even if the federal law is unchanged. In
the event of either repeal of federal or of state laws and regulations, or of amendments thereto that are adverse to our prospective
medical CBD products, we may be restricted or limited with respect to those products that we may sell or distribute, which could adversely
impact our intended business plan with respect to such intended products. 

Additionally,
the FDA has indicated its view that certain types of products containing CBD may not be permissible under the United States Federal Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA ). The FDA s position is related to its approval of Epidiolex, a marijuana-derived prescription
medicine to be available in the United States. The active ingredient in Epidiolex is CBD. On December 20, 2018, after the passage of
the 2018 Farm Bill, FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb issued a statement in which he reiterated the FDA s position that, among other
things, the FDA requires a cannabis product (hemp-derived or otherwise) that is marketed with a claim of therapeutic benefit, or with
any other disease claim, to be approved by the FDA for its intended use before it may be introduced into interstate commerce and that
the FDCA prohibits introducing into interstate commerce food products containing added CBD, and marketing products containing CBD as
a dietary supplement, regardless of whether the substances are hemp-derived. Although we believe our prospective medicinal CBD product
offering will comply with applicable federal and state laws and regulations, legal proceedings alleging violations of such laws could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
do not intend to offer and we do not intend to compete with companies that offer cannabis products containing high levels of psychoactive
THC. Although legal in some states, and in Canada, we do not intend to enter into this market. We may offer prospective medicinal CBD
(hemp-based) products to patients and customers but will not compete with any medical or recreational marijuana sellers of products for
high THC content sales due to legal and regulatory restrictions and uncertainty in the United States. Because of regulatory challenges
facing marijuana companies in the United States, the vast majority of the companies focused on THC are Canadian and foreign, although
several have begun to pursue domestic activities in states that permit marijuana sales. Federal law does not generally recognize marijuana
(or hemp that exceeds 0.3 THC) as lawful, although that may change in the future. 

41 

Corporate
History 

Novo
Integrated Sciences, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware on November 27, 2000, under the name Turbine Truck Engines, Inc. On February 20,
2008, Novo Integrated was re-domiciled to the State of Nevada. Effective July 12, 2017, the Company s name was changed to Novo
Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Since
inception and through May 9, 2017, our activities and business operations were limited to raising capital, organizational matters and
the implementation of our business plan related to research, development, testing and commercialization of various alternative energy
technologies. 

On
September 5, 2013, NHL was incorporated under the laws of Ontario province Canada. On September 16, 2013, Novo Assessments Inc., Novo
Community Care Inc, and Novo Healthnet Rehab Limited were formed, under the laws of Ontario province Canada, as wholly owned subsidiaries
of NHL. On September 20, 2013, Novo Community Care Inc. s name was changed to Novo Peak Health Inc. On September 30, 2013, NHL
acquired substantially all the assets of the following operational Ontario Canada based entities, (i) Peak Health LTC Inc.; (ii) ICC
Healthnet Canada Inc. and its related companies; and (iii) Michael Gaynor Physiotherapy Professional Corporation, operating as Back on
Track. On November 18, 2014, Novo Healthnet Kemptville Centre, Inc., was formed under the laws of Ontario province Canada, with NHL owning
an 80 interest. On April 1, 2017, NHL purchased substantially all of the assets of APKA Health, an occupational therapy entity operating
in Ontario province Canada. 

Acquisition
of Novo Healthnet Limited 

On
April 25, 2017 (the Effective Date ), the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement by and between (i) the Company; (ii) NHL; (iii) ALMC-ASAP Holdings Inc. ALMC (iv) Michael Gaynor Family Trust (the MGFT 
(v) 1218814 Ontario Inc. 1218814 and (vi) Michael Gaynor Physiotherapy Professional Corp.; and collectively ALMC, MGFT
and 1218814 herein referred to as the NHL Shareholders ). Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company
agreed to acquire, from the NHL Shareholders, all of the shares of both common and preferred stock of NHL, held by the NHL Shareholders,
in exchange for the issuance by the Company, to the NHL Shareholders, shares of the Company s common stock, such that following
the closing of the Share Exchange Agreement, the NHL Shareholders would own 16,779,741 restricted shares of Company common stock, representing
85 of the issued and outstanding Company common stock, calculated including all granted and issued options or warrants to acquire the
Company common stock as of the Effective Date, but to exclude shares of Company common stock that are subject to a then-current Regulation
S Offering that was undertaking by the Company (the Exchange ). 

On
May 9, 2017, the Exchange closed and, as a result, NHL became a wholly owned subsidiary of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Acquisition
of Executive Fitness Leaders 

On
December 1, 2017, the Company, NHL and Executive Fitness Leaders, located in Ottawa Ontario Canada, entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement,
pursuant to which NHL acquired substantially all of the assets of Executive Fitness Leaders in exchange for the issuance, by the Company,
of 38,411 restricted shares of its common stock. 

Formation
of Novomerica Health Group, Inc. in U.S. 

On
November 3, 2017, Novomerica Health Group, Inc. was incorporated, under the laws of the state of Nevada, as a wholly owned subsidiary
of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. for the purpose of expanding the Company s operations into the United States. 

Novo
Peak Health Inc. Amalgamated with NHL 

On
September 25, 2018, Novo Peak Health, Inc. was amalgamated with Novo Healthnet Limited. 

42 

Assignment
of Joint Venture Agreement 

On
January 7, 2019, 2478659 Ontario Ltd. 247 and Kainai Cooperative Kainai entered into a Joint Venture
Agreement (the Joint Venture Agreement for the purpose of developing, managing and arranging for financing of greenhouse
and farming projects involving hemp and cannabis cash crops on Kainai related lands, and developing additional infrastructure projects
creating jobs and food supply to local communities. On January 8, 2019, we and 247 entered into an Agreement of Transfer and Assignment,
pursuant to which 247 agreed to sell, assign and transfer to the Company all rights, contracts, contacts and any and all other assets
related in any way to the Joint Venture Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Joint Venture Agreement, as assigned to us, the parties
will work in a joint venture relationship with the Company providing the finance, development and operation of the project, including
sales, and Kainai providing the land and approvals for the development of the projects. 

The
joint venture will distribute to the Company and Kainai all net proceeds after debt and principal servicing and repayment allocation,
as well as operating capital allotment, on a ratio equal to 80 to the Company and 20 to Kainai. 

The
Joint Venture Agreement has an initial term of 50 years and Kainai may renew the Joint Venture Agreement within five years of the expiry
of the initial term upon mutual agreement. 

On
January 30, 2019, pursuant to the terms of the Joint Venture Agreement, the Company issued 1,200,000 restricted common shares to 247
with a value of 21,600,000. 

Acquisition
of Societe Professionnelle de Physiotherapie M Dignard, carrying on business as Action Plus Physiotherapy Rockland 

On
July 22, 2019, the Company and Societe Professionnelle de Physiotherapie M Dignard, carrying on business as Action Plus Physiotherapy
Rockland and providing physiotherapy and related ancillary services APPR ), entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement APA pursuant to which APPR agreed to sell, assign and transfer to the Company, free and clear of all encumbrances, other than permitted encumbrances,
and the Company agreed to purchase from APPR all of APPR s right, title and interest in and to all of its assets, with the exception
of certain limited exclusions, and the rights, privileges, claims and properties of any kind whatsoever that are related thereto, whether
owned or leased, real or personal, tangible or intangible, of every kind and description and wheresoever situated. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the APA, the purchase price is determined as six times APPR s purported EBITDA, equaling CAD 300,000, of which,
APPR (1) received a cash payment of CAD 175,000; and (2) was issued CAD 125,000 worth of the Company s common stock, par value
 0.001, as restricted common shares pursuant to an exemption from registration as set forth in Regulation S under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Pursuant to the terms of the APA, APPR was issued 8,456 restricted common shares
of the Company s common stock as consideration for the CAD 125,000 payment owed to APPR. On the business day immediately preceding
the closing date of the APA, determined as July 19, 2019, the CAD-to-USD conversion rate, per x-rates.com, was 0.7644 which converts
CAD 125,000 to 95,550 rounded to the nearest whole number dollar amount. Based on the determined 30-trading day closing average price
per share of 11.30, the calculated number of the Company s restricted common shares issued to APPR was 8,456, which includes rounding
the calculation up to the nearest whole number of shares. 

The
transaction closed on July 22, 2019. The purchase of these assets was not considered significant for accounting purposes; therefore,
pro forma financial statements were not presented. 

Intellectual
Property Asset Purchase Agreement 

On
December 17, 2019, the Company entered into that certain Intellectual Property Asset Purchase Agreement (the APA by and
between the Company and 2731861 Ontario Corp. (the Seller ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase, and Seller
agreed to sell (the Acquisition ), proprietary designs for an innovative cannabis dosing device, in addition to designs,
plans, procedures, and all other material pertaining to the application, construction, operation, and marketing of a cannabis business
under the regulations of Health Canada (the Intellectual Property ). Pursuant to the terms of the APA, the purchase price
of the Intellectual Property is 800,000 shares of restricted common stock of the Company. The Acquisition closed on December 17, 2019. 

43 

Joint
Venture Agreement 

On
December 19, 2019, the Company entered into that certain Joint Venture Agreement (the JV Agreement between the Company
and Harvest Gold Farms Inc. HGF relating to the development, management and arrangement of medicinal farming projects
involving hemp and cannabis cash crops (the Project ). Pursuant to the terms of the JV Agreement, the parties agreed to
work in a joint venture relationship, with the Company providing the development and operation of the Project, including sales, and HGF
providing the land, farming expertise, biomass and necessary approvals for the development of the Project. 

The
initial term of the JV Agreement will, unless sooner terminated by consent of all parties, expire in five years from the effective date
of the JV Agreement. The Company and HGF may renew the JV Agreement within two years of the expiration of the initial term upon mutual
understanding. 

Each
of the parties agreed to contribute to the start-up of the joint venture (the JV as follows: 

The Company: 

Complete and finalize a
 business plan and layout plans, a detailed procurement project binder and an implementation and roll-out plan. 

Make arrangements for construction
 and financing options of any facilities required for the profitable farming of medicinal crops or related facilities. 

Direct project finance
 model and selection of engineering, procurement, construction contracts and management service providers. 

Arrange for product purchase
 contracts. 

HGF: 

Provide the land and approvals
 for greenhouse (if necessary), open field farming and other facilities as required. 

Arrange for all required
 titled land for greenhouses and outdoor agriculture platforms. 

Arrange for all building
 permits, environmental approvals and HGF internal approvals including confirmation of tax-free JV status for the duration of the
 proposal (if possible). 

Provide elite farming expertise
 for the purposes of maximizing potential profits, inclusive of harvesting techniques and process flow and engineering. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the JV Agreement, the Company agreed to maintain all financial records (in U.S. GAAP) of the JV, to provide quarterly
and annual reporting to all JV stakeholders, and to assign and direct operational staff from onset to agreement termination. The Company
agreed to pay HGF 30 of net JV income on an annual basis commencing 12 months after the first full 12-month revenue period, and to purchase
product from the JV at a price of cost plus 5 . 

In
addition, the Company agreed to issue 200,000 shares of Company common stock upon achievement of 25,000,000 of net profit by the JV
each fiscal year. Such common stock will be delivered to HGF via Novo Healthnet Limited exchangeable preferred shares. Any Company common
stock issued to HGF will be subject to pro-rata adjustment in the event that the Company approves, prior to the issuance date, any forward
stock split, reverse stock split or other capitalization restructure. 

HGF
agreed, among other things, to grow medicinal agriculture crop at the highest standard, subject to independent third party biomass testing,
in the most profitable manner while maintaining the standards of excellence required to maintain elite status, and to provide a minimum
of 7,000 acres for the Primary Project. All staffing, including but not limited to, management, specialized or general labor requirements
for farming will be the sole responsibility of HGF. 

44 

Asset
Purchase Agreement to Acquire Generic Primary and Sub-primary Drug Formulations 

On
December 11, 2020, the Company and 2794512 Ontario Ltd., an Ontario Canada corporation, entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement pursuant
to which the Company acquired generic primary and sub-primary drug formulations (known as bioequivalence) of name brand pharmaceutical
reference products related to usage as injectables, ophthalmic, and topical applications. In consideration, the Company issued 240,000
restricted shares of common stock that were valued at 876,000. 

Acquisition
of PRO-DIP, LLC 

On
May 24, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of PRO-DIP, a New York state limited liability company in the business of providing
nutritional oral energy and medicinal supplement pouches through a proprietary process, under the terms and conditions of a Share Exchange
Agreement, dated May 11, 2021, resulting in PRO-DIP being a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company issued 189,796 restricted
shares of common stock and 10,000 in cash as full consideration for the transaction. 

Acquisition
of Acenzia Inc. 

On
May 28, 2021, the Company and NHL entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the ACZ SEA by and among the Company and NHL,
on the one hand, and Acenzia Inc., Avec8 Holdings Inc., Ambour Holdings Inc., Indrajit Sinha, Grant Bourdeau and Derrick Bourdeau, on
the other hand (collectively the ACZ Shareholders ). On June 24, 2021, pursuant to the terms of the ACZ SEA, the acquisition
of Acenzia by NHL closed. The closing purchase price may be adjusted within 90 days of the closing date pending completion of an audit
and working capital requirement provisions (the Post-Closing Purchase Price Adjustment ). On October 22, 2021, the parties
(i) set the final Purchase Price, as determined by the Post-Closing Purchase Price Adjustment, at a value of 14,162,795, and (ii) agreed
to the issuance of that number of NHL Exchangeable Shares (as defined in the ACZ SEA) exchangeable into 3,622,199 restricted shares of
Company common stock at an agreed upon price of 3.91 allotted for the ACZ Shareholders as provided for in the ACZ SEA. The price of
the Company s common stock on the closing date was 2.55; therefore the purchase price for accounting purposes was 9,236,607. 

Joint
Venture Agreement with EK-Tech Solutions Inc. to Form MiTelemed+ Inc. 

On
October 8, 2021, the Company and NHL completed a Joint Venture Agreement (the MiTelemed+ JV with EK-Tech Solutions Inc. EK-Tech to establish the joint venture company MiTelemed+ Inc., an Ontario province Canada corporation MiTelemed+ ),
to operate, support, and expand access and functionality of EK-Tech s enhanced proprietary Telehealth platform. At closing, EK-Tech
contributed all intellectual property, source code, and core data of the iTelemed platform, valued at CAD 1,500,000, and NHL issued to
EK-Tech, non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, which are issued solely for the purpose
of EK-Tech to exchange, for 185,000 restricted shares of Company s common stock solely upon EK-Tech meeting terms and conditions
for exchange of the NHL Exchangeable Special Shares as defined in the MiTelemed+ JV. Additionally, MiTelemed+ is contracted with EK-Tech
to operate, maintain, support, provide software hosting, and for further development of iTelemed s capabilities. NHL is responsible
for global commercialization as well as fulfilling all administrative functions for the JV. The net profits and net losses of the JV
will be split 50/50 between NHL and EK-Tech. 

Terragenx
Share Exchange 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company and NHL entered into that certain Share Exchange Agreement (the Terra SEA ), dated as of
November 17, 2021, by and among the Company, NHL, Terragenx Inc. Terra ), TMS Inc. TMS ), Shawn Mullins,
Claude Fournier, and The Coles Optimum Health and Vitality Trust COHV and collectively with TMS, Mr. Mullins and Mr. Fournier,
the Terra Shareholders ). Collectively, the Terra Shareholders own 91 of the outstanding shares of Terra (the Terra
Purchased Shares ). 

45 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Terra SEA, NHL agreed to purchase from the Terra Shareholders, and the Terra Shareholders agreed to sell to NHL,
the Terra Purchased Shares on the closing date, in exchange for payment by NHL of the purchase price (the Purchase Price of CAD 500,000 (approximately 398,050) (the Exchange ). The Purchase Price was to be paid with the issuance, by NHL to
the Terra Shareholders, of certain non-voting NHL special shares exchangeable into restricted shares of the Company s common stock
(the NHL Exchangeable Shares ). The total shares of Company common stock allotted in favor of the Terra Shareholders was
calculated at a per share price of 3.35. 

The
Exchange closed on November 17, 2021. At the closing of the Exchange, (i) the Terra Shareholders transferred to NHL a total of 910 shares
of Terra common stock, representing 91 of Terra s outstanding shares, and (ii) a total of 100 NHL Exchangeable Shares were issued
to the Terra Shareholders, which NHL Exchangeable Shares are exchangeable into a total of 118,821 restricted shares of the Company s
common stock. As a result of the Exchange, NHL has 91 ownership of Terra and full control of the Terra business. 

The
Terra SEA contains customary representations, warranties and closing conditions. 

Mullins
Asset Purchase Agreement 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company entered into that certain Asset Purchase Agreement (the Mullins APA ), dated as of November
17, 2021, by and between the Company and Terence Mullins. Pursuant to the terms of the Mullins APA, Mr. Mullins agreed to sell, and the
Company agreed to purchase, all of Mr. Mullins right, title and interest in and to certain assets directly and indirectly related
to any and all iodine-based related products and technologies as specified in the Mullins APA (the Mullins IP Assets ),
in exchange for a purchase price of CAD 2,500,000 (approximately 1,990,250) which is to be paid as follows: 

(a) 
 CAD 2,000,000 (approximately
 1,592,200) is to be issued or allotted to Mr. Mullins only after patent-pending status, in the U.S. or internationally, is designated
 for all Mullins IP Assets (the Mullins IP Assets CAD 2m Shares ), as either restricted shares of Company common stock
 or NHL Exchangeable Shares, as determined by Mr. Mullins. Once issued or allotted, the Mullins IP Assets CAD 2m Shares will be held
 in escrow pending registration and approval for all Mullins IP Assets, and 

(b) 
 CAD 500,000 (approximately
 398,050) is to be issued in the form of 118,821 restricted shares of Company common stock, free and clear of all liens, pledges,
 encumbrances, charges, or known claims of any kind, nature, or description, upon closing of the Mullins APA 

All
shares issued or allotted under the terms and conditions of the Mullins APA are calculated at a value of 3.35 per share. 

In
addition, the Company will pay a royalty equal to 10 of net revenue (net profit) of all iodine related sales reported through the Company
or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries for a period equal to the commercial validity of the intellectual property. 

The
Mullins APA includes customary representations and warranties and closing conditions. 

Share
Exchange Agreement to Acquire 50.1 of 12858461 Canada Corp. 

On
March 1, 2022, the Company and NHL completed a Share Exchange Agreement (the 1285 SEA with 12858461 Canada Corp. 1285 ),
a Canada federal corporation in the business of providing clinic-based physiotherapy and related ancillary services and products, and
Prashant A. Jani, a Canadian citizen and sole shareholder of 1285 (the 1285 Shareholder to acquire 50.1 ownership of
1285 for a purchase price of 68,000 (the 1285 Purchase Price paid with the issuance, by NHL to the 1285 Shareholder,
of certain non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares which can only be utilized for the purpose of exchange into an allotment of 17,000
restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Parent 1285 SEA Shares at the determination of the 1285 Shareholder.
The number of Parent 1285 SEA Shares was calculated by dividing the 1285 Purchase Price by 4.00 per share. 

46 

Asset
Purchase Agreement with Poling Taddeo Hovius Physiotherapy Professional Corp., operating as Fairway Physiotherapy and Sports Injury Clinic 

On
March 1, 2022, the Company and NHL completed an Asset Purchase Agreement (the PTHPC APA with Poling Taddeo Hovius Physiotherapy
Professional Corp. PTHPC ), operating a clinic-based physiotherapy, rehabilitative, and related ancillary services and
products business known as Fairway Physiotherapy and Sports Injury Clinic FAIR ), and Jason Taddeo, a Canadian citizen
and the sole shareholder of PTHPC (the PTHPC Shareholder ), Under the terms and conditions of the PTHPC APA, PTHPC agreed
to sell, assign and transfer to NHL, free and clear of all encumbrances, other than permitted encumbrances, and NHL agreed to purchase
from PTHPC all of PTHPC s right, title and interest in and to all of its assets related to FAIR and the FAIR Business, with the
exception of certain limited exclusions, and the rights, privileges, claims and properties of any kind whatsoever that are related thereto,
whether owned or leased, real or personal, tangible or intangible, of every kind and description and wheresoever situated. Under the
terms and conditions of the PTHPC APA, the purchase price is 627,000 (the FAIR Purchase Price paid with the issuance,
by NHL to the PTHPC Shareholder, of certain non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares which can only be utilized for the purpose of
exchange into an allotment of 156,750 restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Parent PTHPC APA Shares at the determination of the PTHPC Shareholder. The number of Parent PTHPC APA Shares was calculated by dividing the FAIR Purchase Price
by 4.00 per share. 

Membership
Interest Purchase Agreement with Clinical Consultants International LLC 

On
March 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the CCI Agreement by and among the
Company, Clinical Consultants International LLC CCI ), each of the members of CCI (the Members ), and Dr.
Joseph Chalil as the representative of the Members. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the CCI Agreement, among other things, the CCI Members will sell and assign to the Company all of their membership interests
of CCI, in exchange for a total of 800,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Exchange Shares ( CCI Acquisition ). The Exchange Shares will be apportioned among the Members pro rata based on their respective membership
interest ownership percentage of CCI. Following the closing of the CCI Acquisition (the Closing ), the Company will own
100 of the issued and outstanding membership interests of CCI, and the CCI Members or their designees will collectively own 800,000
restricted shares of the Company s common stock. The restricted shares were issued on April 7, 2022. 

This CCI Acquisition was accounted
for as an asset acquisition, as substantially all of the fair value of the assets being acquired under the arrangement was concentrated
in the customer. Accordingly, the 1,704,000 purchase price was primarily allocated to the customer relationships intangible asset, for
 1,701,814, and amortized over an estimated useful life of 5 years. The remaining purchase price was allocated to cash and cash equivalents. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the CCI Agreement, the Company agreed to (i) name, at the Closing, Dr. Chalil as the Chief Medical Officer of the Company
and the President of Novomerica Healthcare Group, Inc., which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, (ii) enter into an employment
agreement with Dr. Chalil, and (iii) name Dr. Chalil to the Company s Board of Directors. 

The
CCI Agreement may be terminated under certain customary and limited circumstances prior to the Closing, including by either party if
the conditions to Closing of an opposing party have not been satisfied or waived by the applicable party on or prior to April 15, 2022.
The CCI Acquisition closed on April 5, 2022. See Closing of CCI Acquisition below. 

On
April 5, 2022, the CCI Acquisition closed. As a result, immediately after the Closing on April 5, 2022, the Company owned 100 of the
issued and outstanding membership interests of CCI. On April 7, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 800,000 restricted shares of
the Company s common stock to the Members in connection with the CCI Acquisition and pursuant to the terms of the CCI Agreement. 

47 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. These risks represent challenges to the successful implementation of our strategy
and to the growth and future profitability of our business. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

We have a history of operating
 losses; 

We may not be able to implement
 successfully our growing our multidisciplinary primary health care business by opening and acquiring new clinics and expanding the
 staffing of multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians to affiliate clinics and eldercare centric homes; 

Public health epidemics
 or outbreaks (such as the novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19)) could adversely impact our business 

We may not be able to increase
 our market share in existing eldercare services, occupational therapy services, physiotherapy services and speech language pathology
 services through network affiliation growth and new contracts; 

We may be unable to attract
 sufficient demand for and obtain acceptance of our multidisciplinary primary health care services and our medical cannabidiol products
 by both multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians and patients; 

The clinics that we acquire
 or open may not meet our expectations; 

If we open new clinics
 in existing markets, revenue at our existing clinics may be affected negatively; 

The multidisciplinary primary
 health care market is highly competitive, including competition for patients, strategic relationships, and commercial payor contracts,
 each of which could adversely affect our contract and revenue base; 

We may be unable to obtain
 reimbursement for our multidisciplinary primary health care services from the government or third-party health care insurers of our
 patients; 

We may not be able to successfully
 make acceptable financial arrangements for patients who desire treatment but cannot afford to pay in full or part, and for whom third-party
 insurance coverage is either limited or non-existent; 

Prospective patients may
 be unwilling to pay out-of-pocket for certain of our multidisciplinary primary health care and primary care services, in the absence
 of reimbursement from the government or third-party health care insurers for such multidisciplinary primary health care and services; 

The success of alternative
 treatments, therapies and medical products as opposed to the multidisciplinary primary health care services, therapies and prospective
 medical CBD products that we might offer in the future could adversely affect us; 

We may not be able to recruit
 and retain qualified multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians for our multidisciplinary primary health care clinics and staffing
 of affiliate clinics and eldercare centric homes; 

We may not be able to prohibit
 or limit our multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians from competing with us in our local markets; 

We may be unable to enter
 into or maintain contracts for our multidisciplinary primary health care services on favorable terms with commercial payors in Canada
 and the United States; 

Government health care
 programs may reduce reimbursement rates; 

The health care industry
 is heavily regulated, and if we fail to comply with these laws and governmental regulations, we could incur penalties or be required
 to make significant changes to our operations; 

Our multidisciplinary primary
 health care clinics are and will be subject to numerous statutes and regulations in the Canadian provinces in which we operate or
 intend to operate and states in the United States in which we intend to operate. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations
 could result in civil or criminal sanctions; 

Past and future health
 care reform legislation and other changes in the health care industry could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
 results of operations; 

48 

We are subject to the Canada
 Health Act, Canada s National Health Insurance Program and Food and Drugs Act and analogous provisions of applicable federal,
 provincial, state and local laws and could face substantial penalties if we fail to comply with such laws; 

If the Company acquires
 one or more multidisciplinary primary health care clinics or primary care facilities in the United States, we will be subject to
 the Anti-Kickback Statute, FCA, Civil Monetary Penalties statute and analogous provisions of applicable state laws and could face
 substantial penalties if we fail to comply with such laws; 

We will be subject to the
 data privacy, security and breach notification requirements of Canadian and United States federal statutes and other data privacy
 and security laws, and the failure to comply with these rules, or allegations that we have failed to do so, could result in civil
 or criminal sanctions; 

Our Telemedicine Medical
 Technology Platform is currently in early-stage roll-out and we may be unsuccessful in the commercialization of the Telemedicine
 Medical Technology Platform; 

Our success with the Telemedicine
 Medical Technology Platform will highly be dependent upon our ability to develop relationships with primary care physicians, specialists
 and clinicians; 

Our Telemedicine Medical
 Technology Platform may not be accepted in the marketplace; 

Our Remote Patient Monitoring
 Medical Technology Platform is currently in early-stage roll-out and development and we may be unsuccessful in the commercialization
 of the RPM platform; 

Our success with the Remote
 Patient Monitoring Medical Technology Platform will highly be dependent upon our ability to develop relationships with primary care
 physicians and specialists; 

Our Remote Patient Monitoring
 Medical Technology Platform may not be accepted in the marketplace; 

Our Novo Connect Medical
 Technology Platform is currently in early-stage roll-out and development and we may be unsuccessful in the commercialization of the
 Novo Connect Medical Technology Platform; 

Our success with the Novo
 Connect Medical Technology Platform will highly be dependent upon our ability to develop relationships with primary care physicians
 and specialists; 

Our Novo Connect Medical
 Technology Platform may not be accepted in the marketplace; 

Government regulation of
 the internet and e-commerce is evolving, and unfavorable changes could substantially harm our business and results of operations; 

We may be unable to attract
 sufficient demand for and obtain acceptance of our medical CBD products by both multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians
 and patients; 

Possible yet unanticipated
 changes in federal and state law could cause any products that we intend to launch, containing hemp-derived CBD oil to be illegal,
 or could otherwise prohibit, limit or restrict any of our products containing CBD; 

Risks associated with the
 CBD products industry; 

FDA regulation could negatively
 affect the hemp industry, which would directly affect our financial condition; 

Sources of hemp-derived
 CBD depend upon legality of cultivation, processing, marketing, and sales of products derived from those plants under state law of
 the United States; 

49 

Because our distributors
 may only sell and ship our products containing hemp-derived CBD in states that have adopted laws and regulations qualifying under
 the 2018 Farm Act, a reduction in the number of states having such qualifying laws and regulations could limit, restrict or otherwise
 preclude the sale of intended products containing hemp-derived CBD; 

There may be unanticipated
 delays in the development and introduction of our prospective medicinal CBD products and/or our inability to control costs; 

If needed, we may be unable
 to consistently retain or hire third-party manufacturers, suppliers, or other service providers to produce our prospective medicinal
 CBD products; 

We do not have control
 over all third parties involved in the manufacturing of our products and their compliance with government health and safety standards.
 Even if our products meet these standards, they could otherwise become contaminated; 

The sale of our products
 involves product liability and related risks that could expose us to significant insurance and loss expenses; 

Confusion between legal
 CBD and illegal cannabis; 

Seasonal fluctuations in
 revenue; 

Our failure to promote
 and maintain a strong brand; 

Failure to achieve or sustain
 profitability; 

Our failure to successfully
 or cost-effectively manage our marketing efforts and channels, and the failure of such efforts and channels to be effective in generating
 leads and business for the Company or any of its affiliated providers; 

Significant competition;

Adequate protection of
 confidential information; 

The business risks of United
 States and international operations; 

Our vulnerability to changes
 in consumer preferences and economic conditions; 

Potential litigation from
 competitors and health related claims from patients and customers; 

A limited market for our
 common stock; 

Our ability to adequately
 protect the intellectual property used to produce our prospective medicinal CBD products; and 

Our ability to stay abreast
 of modified or new laws and regulations applying to our business. 

History
of operating losses and negative cash flow. 

For
the fiscal years ended August 31, 2022 and 2021, we reported net losses attributed to Novo Integrated Sciences of 32,849,215 and
 4,462,147, respectively, and negative cash flow from operating activities of 5,884,145 and 1,024,802, respectively. As of August 31,
2022, we had an aggregate accumulated deficit of 53,818,489. 

50 

Such
losses have historically required us to seek additional funding through the issuance of debt or equity securities. Our long-term success
is dependent upon among other things, achieving positive cash flows from operations and if necessary, augmenting such cash flows using
external resources to satisfy our cash needs. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional funding, if needed,
on commercially reasonable terms, or of all. 

Our
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. These adjustments
would likely include substantial impairment of the carrying amount of our assets and potential contingent liabilities that may arise
if we are unable to fulfill various operational commitments. In addition, the value of our securities would be greatly impaired. Our
long-term success is dependent upon generating sufficient cash flow from operations and obtaining additional capital and financing. If
our ability to generate cash flow from operations is delayed or reduced and we are unable to raise additional funding from other sources,
we may be unable to continue in business. 

Novo
Integrated Sciences, Inc. is a parent company and depends upon our subsidiaries for our cash flows. 

We
are a parent company. All of our operations are conducted, and some of our assets are owned, by our subsidiaries. Consequently, our cash
flows and our ability to meet our obligations depend upon the cash flows of our subsidiaries and the payment of funds by these subsidiaries
to us in the form of dividends, distributions or otherwise. The ability of our subsidiaries to make any payments to us depends on their
earnings, the terms of their indebtedness, including the terms of any credit facilities and legal restrictions. Any failure to receive
dividends or distributions from our subsidiaries when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
or financial condition. 

Future
acquisitions or strategic investments could disrupt our business and harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We
may in the future explore potential acquisitions of companies or strategic investments to strengthen our business. Even if we identify
an appropriate acquisition candidate, we may not be successful in negotiating the terms or financing of the acquisition, and our due
diligence may fail to identify all of the problems, liabilities or other shortcomings or challenges of an acquired business. 

Acquisitions
involve numerous risks, any of which could harm our business, including: 

straining our financial
 resources to acquire a company; 

anticipated benefits may
 not materialize as rapidly as we expect, or at all; 

diversion of management
 time and focus from operating our business to address acquisition integration challenges; 

retention of employees
 from the acquired company; 

cultural challenges associated
 with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization; 

integration of the acquired
 company s accounting, management information, human resources and other administrative systems; 

the need to implement or
 improve controls, procedures and policies at a business that prior to the acquisition may have lacked effective controls, procedures
 and policies; and 

litigation or other claims
 in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, former stockholders or other third parties. 

Failure
to appropriately mitigate these risks or other issues related to such strategic investments and acquisitions could result in reducing
or eliminating any anticipated benefits of transactions and harm our business generally. Future acquisitions could also result in dilutive
issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses or the impairment of goodwill,
any of which could have a material adverse effect on business, results of operations or financial condition. 

51 

We
may require additional funding for our growth plans, and such funding may result in a dilution of your investment. 

We
have estimated our funding requirements in order to implement our growth plans. If the costs of implementing such plans should exceed
these estimates significantly or if we come across opportunities to grow through expansion plans which cannot be predicted at this time,
and our funds generated from our operations prove insufficient for such purposes, we may need to raise additional funds to meet these
funding requirements. 

These
additional funds may be raised by issuing equity or debt securities or by borrowing from banks or other resources. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to obtain any additional financing on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If we fail to obtain additional
financing on terms that are acceptable to us, we will not be able to implement such plans fully if at all. Such financing even if obtained,
may be accompanied by conditions that limit our ability to pay dividends or require us to seek lenders consent for payment of
dividends, or restrict our freedom to operate our business by requiring lender s consent for certain corporate actions. 

Further,
if we raise additional funds by way of a rights offering or through the issuance of new shares, any shareholders who are unable or unwilling
to participate in such an additional round of fund raising may suffer dilution in their investment. 

Most
of our executive officers do not reside in the United State. 

Our
U.S. stockholders would face difficulty in: 

Effecting service of process
 within the United States on most of our executive officers, if considered necessary. 

Enforcing judgments obtained
 in U.S. courts based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against the executive officers. 

Enforcing judgments of
 U.S. courts based on civil liability provisions of U.S. federal securities laws in foreign courts against the executive officers. 

Bringing an original action
 in foreign courts to enforce liabilities based on the U.S. federal securities laws against the executive officers. 

Accordingly,
persons contemplating an investment in our common stock should seriously consider these factors before making an investment decision. 

Our
future success depends on the continuing efforts of our key employees and our ability to attract, hire, retain and motivate highly skilled
and creative employees in the future. 

Our
future success depends on the continuing efforts of our executive officers, our founders and other key employees, in particular Robert
Mattacchione, our Chief Executive Officer, Christopher David, our Chief Operating Officer/President and Jim Zsebok, our Principal Financial
Officer. We rely on the leadership, knowledge and experience that our executive officers, founders and key employees provide. They foster
our corporate culture, which we believe has been instrumental to our ability to attract and retain new talent. Any failure to attract
new or retain key creative talent could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
market for talent in our key areas of operations is intensely competitive, which could increase our costs to attract and retain talented
employees. As a result, we may incur significant costs to attract and retain employees, including significant expenditures related to
salaries and benefits and compensation expenses related to equity awards, and we may lose new employees to our competitors or other companies
before we realize the benefit of our investment in recruiting and training them. 

Employee
turnover, including changes in our management team, could disrupt our business. The loss of one or more of our executive officers, founders
or other key employees, or our inability to attract and retain highly skilled and creative employees, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

52 

We
believe our corporate culture has contributed to our success and, if we are unable to maintain it as we grow, our business could be harmed. 

We
believe our corporate culture has been a key element of our success. However, as our organization grows, it may be difficult to maintain
our culture, which could reduce our ability to attract and maintain new talent and operate effectively. The failure to maintain the key
aspects of our culture as our organization grows could result in decreased employee satisfaction, increased difficulty in attracting
top talent and increased turnover and could compromise the quality of our client service, all of which are important to our success and
to the effective execution of our business strategy. Accordingly, if we are unable to maintain our corporate culture as we grow our business,
this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We
may not have sufficient insurance coverage and an interruption of our business or loss of a significant amount of property could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operations. 

We
currently do not maintain any insurance policies against loss of key personnel. We do maintain insurance coverage for business interruption
as well as product liability claims. In addition, we do maintain director and officer insurance coverage. If any event were to occur
which required our insurance coverage to be applicable as well as a loss of key personnel, our business, financial performance, and financial
position may be materially and adversely affected. 

We
could become involved in claims or litigations that may result in adverse outcomes. 

From
time-to-time we may be involved in a variety of claims or litigations. Such proceeding may initially be viewed as immaterial but could
prove to be material. Litigations are inherently unpredictable and excessive verdicts do occur. Given the inherent uncertainties in litigation,
even when we can reasonably estimate the amount of possible loss or range of loss and reasonably estimable loss contingencies, the actual
outcome may change in the future due to new developments or changes in approach. In addition, such claims or litigations could involve
significant expense and diversion of management s attention and resources from other matters. 

We
may be unable to adequately safeguard our intellectual property or we may face claims that may be costly to resolve or that limit our
ability to use such intellectual property in the future. 

Where
litigation is necessary to safeguard our intellectual property, or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others,
this could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, operating results or future prospects. 

We
are unable to assure you that third parties will not assert infringement claims against us in respect of our intellectual property or
that such claims will not be successful. It may be difficult for us to establish or protect our intellectual property against such third
parties and we could incur substantial costs and diversion of management resources in defending any claims relating to proprietary rights.
If any party succeeds in asserting a claim against us relating to the disputed intellectual property, we may need to obtain licenses
to continue to use the same. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain these licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if
at all. The failure to obtain the necessary licenses or other rights could cause our business results to suffer. 

We
could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar international anti-bribery and anti-kickback
laws with respect to our activities outside the United States. 

We
anticipate rendering multidisciplinary primary health care services through our clinics and distributing our medical cannabidiol products
to locations in Canada and United States as well as operate our business in Canada and United States. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act, and other similar anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations, generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from
making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We cannot assure you that we will
be successful in preventing our agents from taking actions in violation of these laws or regulations. Such violations, or allegations
of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

53 

We
are subject to a number of risks related to credit card and debit card payments we accept. 

We
accept payments through credit card and debit card transactions. For credit card and debit card payments, we pay interchange and other
fees, which may increase over time. An increase in those fees would require us to either increase the prices we charge for our services
which could cause us to lose clients or suffer an increase in our operating expenses, either of which could harm our operating results.
If we or any of our processing vendors have problems with our billing software, or the billing software malfunctions, it could have an
adverse effect on our customer satisfaction and could cause one or more of the major credit card companies to disallow our continued
use of their payment products. In addition, if our billing software fails to work properly and, as a result, we do not automatically
charge our clients credit cards, debit cards or bank accounts on a timely basis or at all, we could lose revenues, which would
harm our operating results. If we fail to adequately control fraudulent credit card and debit card transactions, we may face civil liability,
diminished public perception of our security measures and significantly higher credit card and debit card related costs, each of which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The termination of our ability to process payments
on any major credit or debit card would significantly impair our ability to operate our business. 

Security
breaches of confidential customer information, in connection with our electronic processing of credit and debit card transactions, or
confidential employee information may adversely affect our business. 

Our
business requires the collection, transmission and retention of large volumes of customer and employee data, including credit and debit
card numbers and other personally identifiable information, in various information technology systems that are maintained internally
and by third parties with whom we contract to provide services. The integrity and protection of that customer and employee data is critical
to us. Our customers and employees have a high expectation that we and our service providers will adequately protect their personal information.
The information, security and privacy requirements imposed by governmental regulation are increasingly demanding. Our systems may not
be able to satisfy these changing requirements and customer and employee expectations or may require significant additional investments
or time in order to do so. Efforts to hack or breach security measures, failures of systems or software to operate as designed or intended,
viruses, operator error or inadvertent releases of data all threaten our information systems and records. A breach in the security of
our service providers information technology systems could lead to an interruption in the operation of our systems, resulting
in operational inefficiencies and a loss of profits. A significant theft, loss or misappropriation of, or access to, customers 
or other proprietary data or other breach of our information technology systems could result in fines, legal claims or proceedings, including
regulatory investigations and actions, or liability for failure to comply with privacy and information security laws, which could disrupt
our operations, damage our reputation and expose us to claims from customers and employees, any of which could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We
rely on third parties to provide services in connection with our business, and any failure by these third parties to perform their obligations
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
have entered into agreements with third parties that include, but are not limited to, information technology systems (including hosting
our website, mobile application and our point-of-sale system), select marketing services, and employee benefits servicing. Services provided
by third-party suppliers could be interrupted as a result of many factors, such as acts of nature or contract disputes. Accordingly,
we are subject to the risks associated with the third parties abilities to provide these services to meet our needs. Any failure
by a third party to provide services for which we have contracted on a timely basis or within expected service level and performance
standards could result in a disruption of our business and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. 

Our
amended and rested articles of incorporation provide the that state or federal court located within the state of Nevada will be the sole
and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders, which could limit its stockholders ability
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees. 

Our
amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that [u]nless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii)
any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the
Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) an action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the NRS,
or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall be a state or federal court located within the
state of Nevada, in all cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants.
This exclusive forum provision is intended to apply to claims arising under Nevada state law and would not apply to claims brought pursuant
to the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act or Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. The exclusive forum provision in our amended
and restated articles of incorporation will not relieve us of our duty to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations
thereunder, and shareholders will not be deemed to have waived compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 

54 

Public
health epidemics or outbreaks could adversely impact our business. 

While
all of the Company s business units are operational at the time of this filing, any future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or any
other public health epidemic on the Company s operations remains unknown and will depend on future developments, which are highly
uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the COVID-19 or other potential public health epidemic,
new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic or public health epidemic, and any additional preventative
and protective actions that governments, or the Company, may direct, which may result in an extended period of continued business disruption,
reduced patient traffic and reduced operations. For more information regarding the impact of COVID-19 on the Company, see Liquidity
and Capital Resources Financial Impact of COVID-19 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Risks
Related to our Multidisciplinary Primary Health Care Business 

We
may not be able to successfully implement our business growth initiatives for our multidisciplinary primary health care business on a
timely basis or at all, which could harm our business, financial performance, financial position, and results of operations. 

The
growth of our multidisciplinary primary health care business depends on our ability to open and acquire new clinics and expand our roster
of clinicians and staff to best service our multidisciplinary primary health care clinics and eldercare centric homes. 

A
component of our growth strategy is to increase the number of our multidisciplinary primary health care clinics through both the acquisition
of existing clinics and the opening of new clinics while also engaging new contracts with new affiliate clinics and elder centric homes.
Our ability to acquire and open profitable clinics and expand our clinician and staffing requirements depends on many factors, including
our ability to: 

access capital to fund
 future acquisitions and preopening expenses; 

achieve brand awareness
 in new and existing markets; 

manage costs, which could
 give rise to delays or cost overruns; 

recruit, train, and retain
 qualified multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians and other staff in our local markets; 

obtain favorable reimbursement
 rates for services rendered at the clinics; 

successfully staff and
 operate new clinics and affiliated clinics and elder centric homes; 

obtain all required governmental
 approvals, certificates, licenses and permits on a timely basis; 

manage delays in the acquisition
 or opening of clinics; 

compete for appropriate
 sites in new markets against other multidisciplinary primary health care competitors and clinics; and 

maintain adequate information
 systems and other operational system capabilities. 

Further,
additional federal or state legislative or regulatory restrictions or licensure requirements could negatively impact our ability to operate
both new and existing clinics. 

Accordingly,
we may not be able to achieve our planned growth or, even if we are able to grow our clinic base as planned, any new clinics may not
be profitable or otherwise perform as planned. Failure to implement successfully our growth strategy would likely have an adverse impact
on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

55 

The
long-term success of our multidisciplinary primary health care business is highly dependent on our ability to successfully identify and
acquire target clinics and identify and secure staffing opportunities. 

To
achieve our business growth initiative, we will need to acquire and open new clinics and operate them on a profitable basis. We expect
this to be the case for the foreseeable future. In addition, we will need to identify and secure staffing opportunities as well. We consider
numerous factors in identifying target markets where we can enter or expand and staffing opportunities that we can secure. 

The
number and timing of new clinics acquired and opened during any given period may be negatively impacted by a number of factors including,
without limitation: 

the identification and
 availability of attractive sites for new clinics and the ability to negotiate suitable lease terms; 

our ability to successfully
 identify and address pertinent risks during acquisition due diligence; 

the preparation of target
 clinics financial statements on methods of accounting other than generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP; 

the proximity of potential
 sites to one of our or our competitors existing clinics; 

our ability to obtain required
 governmental licenses, permits and authorizations on a timely basis; and 

our ability to recruit
 qualified clinicians and other personnel to staff our clinics. 

If
we are unable to find and secure attractive target clinics to expand in existing markets or enter new markets, our revenues and profitability
may be harmed, we may not be able to implement our business growth initiatives and our financial results may be negatively affected. 

Our
intended acquisition and opening of clinics and increase in staffing in new markets exposes us to various risks and may require us to
develop new business models. 

Our
growth and profitability depend on our ability to implement our business growth initiatives by expanding the number of clinics we operate
and the amount of staffing in both new and existing markets. We cannot assure you our efforts to expand into new markets, particularly
where we do not currently operate, will succeed. To operate in new markets, we may be required to modify our existing business model
and cost structure to comply with local regulatory or other requirements, which may expose us to new operational, regulatory or legal
risks. 

We
may be unable to acquire target clinics within our current price ranges. This may reduce the pace of our growth and increase the need
for additional debt and equity capital. The patient population of clinics we acquire may be loyal to existing ownership, making it difficult
to maintain pre-closing revenue and profit levels. The re-branding of acquired clinics may have an adverse market effect in local communities,
and our brand may not be received as favorably in the local communities as we anticipate. 

56 

The
process of integration of an acquired clinic may subject us to a number of risks, including: 

Failure to successfully
 manage relationships with multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians and other staff of the acquired clinic; 

Demands on management related
 to the increase in size of our Company after the acquisition; 

Diversion of management
 attention; 

Potential difficulties
 integrating and harmonizing financial reporting systems; 

Difficulties in the assimilation
 and retention of employees; 

Inability to retain the
 multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians and other staff of the acquired clinic; 

Inability to establish
 uniform standards, controls, systems, procedures and policies; 

Inability to retain the
 patients of the acquired clinic; 

Exposure to legal claims
 for activities of the acquired clinic prior to acquisition; and 

Incurrence of additional
 expenses in connection with the integration process. 

If
the acquired clinic is not successfully integrated into our Company, our business, financial condition and results of operations could
be materially adversely affected, as well as our reputation. Furthermore, if we are unable to successfully integrate the acquired clinic
or if there are delays in combining the businesses, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition may not be realized fully or at all or
may take longer to realize than expected. 

Growing
our business through acquisitions will require additional personnel. There can be no assurance that these demands will not have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, nor can there be any assurance that we will be able to
attract or retain competent personnel and improve our operational systems sufficiently to support the expansion of our operations. 

Also
important to our success will be our ability to achieve additional economies of scale in order to improve operating margins. There can
be no assurance that we will be able to achieve such economies of scale, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Clinics
we open in new markets may take longer to reach expected revenue and profit levels on a consistent basis. The cost of opening and operating
new clinics may exceed our budget, thereby affecting our overall profitability. New markets may have competitive conditions, consumer
preferences, and health care spending patterns that are more difficult to predict, identify or satisfy than our existing markets. We
may need to make greater investments than we originally planned in advertising and promotional activity in new markets and after closing
acquisitions to build brand awareness. We may find it more difficult in new markets to hire, and we may not be able to retain and motivate
qualified multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians and other personnel. We may need to augment our labor model to meet regulatory
requirements and the overall cost of labor may increase or be higher than anticipated. 

As
a result, any new or acquired clinics may be less successful and may not achieve target profit margins at the same rate or at all. If
any steps taken to expand our existing business model into new markets are unsuccessful, we may not be able to achieve our growth objectives
and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We
will require additional capital to fund our operating and expansion costs, and our inability to obtain such capital will likely harm
our business. 

Although
we currently operate 16 corporate owned multidisciplinary primary health care clinics, our administrative, corporate, and general organizational
infrastructure is designed to support numerous additional clinics. Consequently, we expect that our monthly expenses will continue to
exceed our monthly cash receipts until we significantly increase the number of our multidisciplinary primary health care clinics. Depending
on the results of our operations, we may need to raise additional capital to cover our operating and expansion costs. 

57 

To
support our expansion strategy, we must have sufficient capital to continue making investments in new and existing clinics. Current funding
sources and cash generated by our operations may not be sufficient to allow us to sustain our expansion efforts. If this is the case,
we may need additional equity or debt financing to provide the funds required to operate and expand our business. If such financing is
not available on satisfactory terms or at all, we may be unable to expand our business or acquire new clinics at our projected rate and
our operating results may suffer. Debt financing increases expenses and must be repaid regardless of operating results and may impose
restrictions on the manner in which we operate our business. Equity financing, or debt financing that is convertible into equity, could
result in additional dilution to our existing stockholders. Furthermore, if we are unable to obtain adequate capital, whether in the
form of equity or debt, to fund our business and growth strategies we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of
our expansion plans, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, or prospects. 

The
clinics that we intend to acquire or open may not meet our expectations. 

In
general, our business growth initiatives involve the acquisition and opening of strategically located clinics. Clinics that we intend
to acquire and open may not meet our revenue or profit targets or may take longer than anticipated to do so. If our acquired or new clinics
do not perform as planned, our business and future prospects could be harmed. If we are unable to manage successfully the potential difficulties
associated with acquiring and opening new clinics, we may not be able to capture the efficiencies and opportunities that we expect from
our expansion strategy. Our inability to capture expected efficiencies of scale, maintain patient volumes, improve our systems and equipment,
continue our cost discipline, and retain appropriate physician and overall labor levels, could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If
we open new clinics in existing markets, revenue at our existing clinics may be affected negatively. 

The
catchment area of our clinics varies by location and depends on a number of factors, including population density, other available convenient
medical or multidimensional primary health care services, area demographics and geography. As a result, the opening of a new clinic in
or near markets in which we already have clinics could adversely affect the revenues of those existing clinics. Existing clinics could
also make it more difficult to build our patient base for a new clinic in the same market. We may selectively open new clinics in and
around areas of existing clinics that are operating at or near capacity to serve effectively our patients, but revenue cannibalization
between our clinics may become significant in the future as competition increases and as we continue to expand our operations. This could
adversely affect our revenue growth, which could, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

We
may be required to make capital expenditures in connection with our acquisitions to implement our growth strategy. 

In
order to maintain brand consistency across our multidimensional primary health care clinics, we may need to make significant capital
expenditures to the interior and exterior of our clinics. This may include making real property improvements and upgrading our medical
equipment to serve our patients and remain competitive. Changing competitive conditions or the emergence of significant advances in medical
technology could require us to invest significant capital in additional equipment or capacity in order to remain competitive. Along these
lines, if the systems and technology of our target clinics differ from those we have chosen to utilize, we may be required to invest
significant capital to either convert, terminate, or integrate the varying medical technology platforms. If we are unable to fund any
such investment or otherwise fail to make necessary capital expenditures, our business, financial condition, or results of operations
could be materially and adversely affected. 

Damage
to our reputation or our brand in existing or new markets could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
must grow the value of our brand to be successful. We intend to further develop our reputation and brand of providing patients with high
quality effective multidisciplinary primary health care services, and related products, delivered by respected clinicians and well-trained
operational staff. Additionally, we place high-value on building and maintaining a patient-centered culture. If we do not make investments
in areas such as marketing and advertising, as well as the day-to-day investments required for clinic operations, equipment upgrades,
and personnel training, the value of our brand may not increase or may be diminished. Any incident, real or perceived, regardless of
merit or outcome, that adversely affects our brand, such as, but not limited to, patient disability or death due to malpractice or allegations
of malpractice, failure to comply with federal, provincial or local regulations, including allegations or perceptions of non-compliance
or failure to comply with ethical and operational standards, could significantly reduce the value of our brand, expose us to negative
publicity and damage our overall business and reputation. 

58 

Our
marketing activities may not be successful. 

We
incur costs and expend other resources in our marketing efforts to attract and retain patients. Our marketing activities are principally
focused on increasing brand awareness in the communities in which we provide services. As we open and acquire new clinics, we expect
to undertake aggressive marketing campaigns to increase community awareness about our presence and our service capabilities. We plan
to conduct our targeted marketing efforts in neighborhoods through channels such as direct mail, billboards, radio advertisements, physician
open houses, community sponsorships and various social media. If we are not successful in these efforts, we will have incurred expenses
without materially increasing revenue. 

The
multidisciplinary primary health care market is highly competitive, including competition for patients, strategic relationships, and
commercial payor contracts, each of which could adversely affect our contract and revenue base. 

The
market for providing multidisciplinary primary health care services, and related products, is highly competitive, and all of our clinics
and staffing opportunities face and will face competition, in varying degrees, from existing multidisciplinary primary health care providers.
Walk-in clinics, hospital emergency rooms, private doctors offices, freestanding emergency clinics, independent laboratories,
hospital- and payor-supported urgent care facilities, and occupational medicine clinics. We compete with national, regional, and local
enterprises, some of which have greater financial and other resources available to them, greater access to clinicians, medically licensed
physicians and other medical professionals or greater access to potential patients. Our clinics and staffing compete on the basis of
accessibility, including evening and weekend hours, walk-in care, as well as varying appointment opportunities. We also compete on the
basis of our multi-provinces, regional footprint, which we believe will be of value to both employers and third-party payors. As a result
of the differing competitive factors within the markets in which we operate and will operate, the individual results of our clinics may
be volatile. If we are unable to compete effectively with any of these entities or groups, we may be unable to implement our business
strategies successfully, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
may not be able to recruit and retain qualified multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians for our multidisciplinary primary health
care clinics and staffing of affiliate clinics and eldercare centric homes. 

Our
success depends upon our ability to recruit and retain qualified multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians and other staff. There
is currently a national shortage in Canada and United States of certain of these health care professionals. To the extent a significant
number of multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians within an individual community or market decide to partner with competing
multidisciplinary primary health care providers or hospitals and not with us, we may not be able to operate our clinics in such community.
We face competition for such personnel from existing operators, hospital systems, entrepreneurial start-ups, and other organizations.
This competition may require us to enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain qualified personnel. Our inability to recruit and
retain these professionals could have a material adverse effect on our ability to grow or be profitable. 

We
may not be able to prohibit or limit our multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians from competing with us in our local markets. 

In
certain provinces in Canada in which we operate or intend to operate and states in the United States in which we intend to operate, non-compete,
non-solicitation, and other negative covenants applicable to employment or ownership are judicially or statutorily limited in their effectiveness
or are entirely unenforceable against multidisciplinary primary health care professionals. As a result, we may not be able to protect
our operational processes, procedures, and general trade secrets or limit insiders from using competitive information against us or competing
with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to remain competitive. 

With
respect to our operations in Canada, we may be unable to enter into or maintain contracts for our affiliate multidisciplinary primary
health care clinics and eldercare focused facilities or services on favorable terms with commercial payors. 

In
Canada, a significant portion of our net patient service revenue is derived from nongovernmental, extended health insurers which provide
reimbursement based on a pre-allocated amount disbursed as a cash payment for services, and related products, provided to the patient. 

59 

With
respect to our anticipated expansion of our operations into the United States, we may be unable to enter into or maintain contracts for
our multidisciplinary primary health care clinics and services on favorable terms with commercial payors in the United States. 

With
respect to our anticipated expansion of our operations into the United States, we anticipate that a significant portion of our net patient
service revenue will be derived from nongovernmental, third-party payors, or commercial payors, such as managed care organizations, commercial
insurance providers and employer-sponsored health care plans. These commercial payors use a variety of methods for reimbursement depending
on the arrangement involved. These arrangements include fee-for-service, PPOs and health maintenance organizations, as well as prepaid
and discounted medical service packages and capitated, or fixed fee, contracts. Rates for health maintenance organization benefit plans
are typically lower than those for PPOs or other benefit plans that offer broader provider access. 

Frequently,
commercial payors classify or may reclassify our multidisciplinary primary health care services differently. Such distinctions may result
in different payment and reimbursement structure. Such differences may affect costs to the patient through increased copayments, deductibles
and other cost-sharing mechanisms and, accordingly, patient choice of provider. 

There
is often pressure to renegotiate reimbursement levels, particularly in connection with changes to Medicare. Typically, commercial payors
reimburse us based upon contracted discounts to our established base rates. If managed care organizations and other commercial payors
reduce their rates or we were to experience a significant shift in our revenue mix toward Medicare or Medicaid reimbursements, then our
revenue and profitability would be adversely affected and our operating margins would be reduced. Commercial payors often demand discounted
fee structures, and the trend toward consolidation among commercial payors tends to increase their bargaining power over fee structures.
Because some commercial payors rely on all or portions of Medicare fee schedules to determine payment rates, changes to government health
care programs that reduce payments under these schedules may negatively impact payments from commercial payors. Other health care providers
may impact our ability to negotiate increases and other favorable terms in our reimbursement arrangements with commercial payors. For
example, some of our competitors may negotiate exclusivity provisions with commercial payors or otherwise restrict the ability of commercial
payors to contract with us. We may be excluded from participating in commercial payor networks, making it more expensive for certain
patients to receive treatment at our clinics. Our results of operations will depend, in part, on our ability to retain and renew managed
care contracts as well as enter into new managed care contracts on terms favorable to us. Our inability to maintain suitable financial
arrangements with commercial payors could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

As
various provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or the ACA, are implemented, commercial payors may increasingly
demand fee reductions. In addition, there is a growing trend for commercial payors to take steps to shift the primary cost of care to
the plan participant by increasing co-payments, co-insurance and deductibles, and these actions could discourage such patients from seeking
treatment at our clinics. Patient volumes could be negatively impacted if we are unable to enter into or maintain acceptable contracts
with such commercial payors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Government
health care programs may reduce reimbursement rates. 

Our
competition will also be the Canadian health care system which is a government sponsored system that began in 1957, when Parliament approved
the Hospital Insurance and Diagnostics Services Act. The Act provided free acute hospital care, laboratory and radiological diagnostic
services to Canadians. By 1961, agreements were in place with all the provinces and 99 of Canadians had free access to the health care
services covered by the legislation. The Act was followed by the Medical Care Act of 1966 that provided free access to physician services.
By 1972, each province had established its own system of free access to physician services. The federal government shared in the funding.
In 1984, the Government of Canada passed the Canada Health Act (CHA). The Canada Health Act created a publicly administered health care
system that is comprehensive, universal and accessible. All medically necessary procedures are provided free of charge. The system provides
diagnostic, treatment and preventive services regardless of income level or station in life. Access to care is not based on health status
or ability to pay. Coverage is portable between provinces and territories. We can give no assurance that we will be able to effectively
compete in this market. 

60 

In
recent years, in the United States, new legislation has been proposed and adopted at both the federal and state level that is effecting
major changes in the health care system. Any change in the laws, regulations, or policies governing the health care system could adversely
affect reimbursement rates and our operations and financial condition. Enacted in March 2010, the ACA seeks to expand health care coverage,
while increasing quality and limiting costs. The ACA substantially changes the way health care is financed by both governmental and commercial
payors. As a result of the ACA or the adoption of additional federal and state health care reforms measures there could be limits to
the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for health care services, which could result in reduced demand or profitability
of our services. 

Furthermore,
if due to an allegation of fraud or any other reason one or more of our multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians or practitioners
is no longer entitled to bill and receive payment for services rendered to patients whose treatment is paid in whole or in part by a
governmental payor, our revenue may be negatively impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results
of operations and financial condition. 

If
payments from commercial or governmental payors are significantly delayed, are reduced or eliminated, our business, prospects, results
of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

We
depend upon compensation from third-party payors for the services provided to patients by our multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians
and practitioners in our clinics, affiliate clinics and eldercare centric homes serviced by our clinicians. The amount that we receive
through our clinics in payment for their services may be adversely affected by factors we do not control, including federal, provincial,
or local regulatory changes, cost-containment decisions, and changes in reimbursement schedules of third-party payors and legislative
changes. Any reduction or elimination of these payments could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations
and financial condition. 

Additionally,
the reimbursement process is complex and can involve lengthy delays. Although we recognize revenue when multidisciplinary primary health
care services are provided, there can be delays before we receive payment. In addition, third-party payors may disallow, in whole or
in part, requests for reimbursement based on determinations that certain amounts are not reimbursable under plan coverage, that services
provided were not medically necessary, or that additional supporting documentation is necessary. Retroactive adjustments by third-party
payors may be difficult or cost prohibitive to appeal, and such changes could materially reduce the actual amount we receive from those
payors. Delays and uncertainties in the reimbursement process may be out of our control and may adversely affect us. 

Significant
changes in our payor mix resulting from fluctuations in the types of patients seen at our clinics could have a material adverse effect
on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
results may change from period to period due to fluctuations in payor mix or other factors relating to the type of treatment performed
by clinicians at our clinics. Payor mix refers to the relative amounts we receive from the mix of persons or entities that pay or reimburse
us for health care services. Because we generally receive relatively higher payment rates from commercial payors than from governmental
payors or self-pay patients, a significant shift in our payor mix toward a higher percentage of self-pay or patients whose treatment
is paid in whole or part by a governmental payor, which could occur for reasons beyond our control, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

Failure
to bill timely or accurately for our services could have a negative impact on our net revenues, bad debt expense and cash flow. 

Billing
for our services is often complex and time consuming. The practice of providing multidisciplinary primary health care services, and related
products, in advance of payment or prior to assessing a patient s ability to pay for such services may have a significant negative
impact on our patient service revenue, bad debt expense and cash flow. We bill numerous and varied payors, including self-pay patients,
various forms of commercial payors, government payors and insurance payors. Billing requirements that must be met prior to receiving
payment for services rendered often vary by payor. Self-pay patients and third-party payors may fail to pay for services even if they
have been properly billed. Reimbursement is typically dependent on our providing the proper procedure and diagnosis codes. 

61 

Additional
factors that could affect our collections for the services we render include: 

disputes among payors as
 to which party is responsible for payment; 

variations in coverage
 among various payors for similar services; 

the difficulty of adherence
 to specific compliance requirements, coding and various other procedures mandated by responsible parties; 

the institution of new
 coding standards; and 

failure to properly credential
 our providers to enable them to bill various payors. 

The
complexity associated with billing for our services causes many delays in our cash collections, resulting in increased carrying costs
associated with the aging of our accounts receivable as well as the increased potential for bad debt expense. 

We
are dependent on our third-party revenue cycle managers for billing and collection of our claims. 

We
submit our claims for services rendered to commercial payors and governmental payors electronically through our third-party revenue cycle
managers. We are dependent on our revenue cycle managers for the timely billing and collections of our claims. Any delay by or failure
of our revenue cycle managers to timely bill and collect our claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

We
may incur costs resulting from security risks in connection with the electronic data processing by our partner banks. 

Because
we accept electronic payment cards for payments at our facilities, we may incur costs resulting from related security risks in connection
with the electronic processing of confidential information by our partner banks. Recently, several of the large national banks have experienced
potential or actual breaches in which similar data has been or may have been stolen. Such occurrences could cause patient dissatisfaction
resulting in decreased visits or could also distract our management team from the management of the day-to-day operations. 

With
respect to our Canadian operations and our anticipated expansion of our operations into the United States, a successful challenge by
tax authorities to our treatment of certain multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians and practitioners as independent contractors
or the elimination of an existing safe harbor could materially increase our costs relating to these multidimensional primary health care
clinicians and practitioners. 

With
respect to our Canadian operations and our anticipated expansion of our operations into the United States, certain of our multidisciplinary
primary health care clinicians and practitioners may be engaged as independent contractors by our state-level operating subsidiaries.
If these personnel are treated as independent contractors rather than as employees, our state-level operating subsidiaries will not (i)
withhold federal, state or local or state income or other employment related taxes from their compensation, (ii) make federal, provincial,
state or local federal or state unemployment tax or Federal Insurance Contributions Act payments with respect to them, (iii) provide
workers compensation insurance with respect to them (except in states where they are required to do so for independent contractors),
or (iv) allow them to participate in benefits and retirement programs available to employees. Although we will have contracts with these
licensed multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians obligating them to pay these taxes and other costs, if a challenge to our treatment
of these licensed multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians and practitioners as independent contractors by federal, state, or
local authorities were successful and they were treated as employees instead of independent contractors, we could be liable for taxes,
penalties, and interest. In addition, there are currently, and have been in the past, proposals made to eliminate an existing safe harbor
that would potentially protect us from the imposition of taxes in these circumstances, and similar proposals could be made in the future.
If such a challenge were successful or if the safe harbor were eliminated, this could cause a material increase in our costs relating
to these personnel and, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

62 

Currently,
our corporate owned clinics and affiliate clinics are located in the Canadian provinces of Ontario, Alberta, Nova Scotia and Newfoundland
making us particularly sensitive to regulatory, economic, and other conditions in those states. 

Our
clinics and affiliate clinics are located in the Canadian provinces of Ontario, Alberta, Nova Scotia and Newfoundland. If there were
an adverse regulatory, economic, or other development in any of those states, our patient volume could decline, our ability to operate
our clinics under our existing business model could be impacted, or there could be other unanticipated adverse impacts on our business
that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
business is seasonal, which impacts our results of operations. 

Our
clinics patient and staffing volumes are sensitive to seasonal fluctuations. Typically, winter months see a higher occurrence
of motor vehicle and winter weather related accidents, such as falling, however; the timing and severity of these can vary dramatically.
Additionally, in the United States as consumers shift toward high deductible insurance plans, they are responsible for a greater percentage
of their bill, particularly in the early months of the year before other health care spending has occurred, which may lead to lower than
expected patient volume or an increase in bad debt expense during that period. Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly
in the future depending on these and other factors. 

We
could be subject to lawsuits for which we are not fully insured. 

Medical
professionals, including multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians and practitioners, have become subject to an increasing number
of lawsuits alleging medical malpractice and related legal theories such as negligent hiring, supervision and credentialing. In Canada,
our clinicians and practitioners, whether an employee or independent contractor, are responsible for their own professional liability
insurance coverage. As provided in Canadian rules and regulations, our liability insurance coverage is not required to cover our clinicians
and practitioners. As we expand in the United States, we anticipate procuring insurance coverage for our affiliated multidimensional
primary health care clinicians, practitioners, and corporate entities. In addition, as we expand our menu of services and related products
through our various Medical Technology Platforms or possible acquisition of a medical licensed primary care practice, we will be subject
to lawsuits alleging medical malpractice and related legal theories such as negligent hiring, supervision, and credentialing. 

We
are currently insured under policies in amounts management deems appropriate, based upon the nature and risk of our business. Nevertheless,
there are exclusions and exceptions to coverage under each insurance policy that may make coverage for any claim unavailable, future
claims could exceed the limits of available insurance coverage, existing insurers could become insolvent and fail to meet their obligations
to provide coverage for such claims, and such coverage may not always be available with sufficient limits and at reasonable cost to insure
us adequately and economically in the future. One or more successful claims against us not covered by, or exceeding the coverage of,
our insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover,
in the normal course of our business, we may be involved in other types of lawsuits, claims, audits and investigations, including those
arising out of our billing and marketing practices, employment disputes, contractual claims and other business disputes for which we
may have no insurance coverage. The outcome of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results
of operations, and cash flows. 

Some
of these lawsuits may involve large claim amounts and substantial defense costs. 

Insurance
coverage for some of our losses may be inadequate and may be subject to the credit risk of commercial insurance providers. 

We
maintain insurance coverage for specific liability for our clinic facilities through various third-party insurers. To the extent we hold
policies to cover certain groups of claims or rely on insurance coverage obtained by third parties to cover such claims, we may be responsible
for those losses if the insurance coverage is inadequate or the insurer rejects our claim for payment. Furthermore, for our losses that
are insured or reinsured through commercial insurance providers, we are subject to the financial viability of those insurance companies.
Although we believe our commercial insurance providers are currently creditworthy, they may not remain so in the future. 

63 

Risks
Related to Health Care Regulation 

The
health care industry is heavily regulated, and if we fail to comply with these laws and government regulations, we could incur penalties
or be required to make significant changes to our operations. 

The
health care industry is heavily regulated and closely scrutinized by federal, state, provincial and local governments. Comprehensive
statutes and regulations govern the manner in which we provide and bill for services and products, our contractual relationships with
our clinicians, vendors, patients and our marketing activities and other aspects of our operations. If we fail to comply with these laws
and regulations, we could be exposed to civil and criminal penalties such as fines, damages, overpayment recoupment, loss of enrollment
status and exclusion from government health care programs. Any action against us for violation of these laws or regulations, even if
successfully defended, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation
of our business. Our clinicians and practitioners are also subject to ethical guidelines and operating standards of professional and
private accreditation agencies. 

The
laws, regulations and standards governing the provision of health care service, and related products, may change significantly in the
future, and these changes may materially and adversely affect our business. Furthermore, a review of our business by regulatory or accreditation
authorities could result in determinations that could adversely affect our operations. 

Our
Canadian clinics are and will be subject to numerous statutes and regulations. Additionally, given our intention to expand and begin
operations in the United States, we will be subject to numerous U.S. statutes and regulations. Failure to comply with these laws and
regulations could result in civil or criminal sanctions. 

The
operation of our clinics in Canada subjects us, and will subject us, to many provincial laws and regulations, following the projected
expansion of our Company s operations to the United States, federal and state laws in the United States. In general, whether directly
or through boards, agencies, or other delegated authorities, regulating the ownership and dispensing of controlled substances, the retention
and storage of medical records, patient privacy and protection of health information, the licensure of multidisciplinary primary health
care providers, including clinicians, and the clinical supervision, by physicians, of nurse practitioners and physician assistants, among
other aspects of our operations are regulated. All such laws and regulations, and the applicable interpretations of such laws and regulations,
are subject to change. 

Additional
regulation of clinics such as ours has been proposed in several Canadian provinces and the United States. The adoption of any such regulations
in the provinces in Canada, or states in the United States in which we operate or intend to operate, could force us to change our operational
or transactional approach or lead to a finding by regulators that our primary care clinics and clinics do not meet legal requirements.
We may be subject to criminal prosecution, regulatory fines, penalties, or other sanctions if our operations or clinics are found to
not comply with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, we may be required to refund all funds received from patients and third-party
payors during the period of noncompliance. 

With
respect to our anticipated expansion of our operations into the United States, state regulation of the expansion of multidisciplinary
primary health care clinics could prevent us from reaching our expansion objectives. 

In
the United States, many states have certificate of need programs that require some level of prior approval for the development, acquisition,
or expansion of health care sector related facilities. With respect to our anticipated expansion of our operations into the United States,
in the event we choose to acquire or open clinics in a state that does require such approval, we may be required to obtain a certificate
of need before the acquisition or opening occurs. If we are unable to obtain such approvals, we may not be able to move forward with
the planned activity. 

64 

Only
a few states currently require the licensure of multidisciplinary primary health care clinics such as ours. The lack of a specific licensure
process for our clinics in the vast majority of states may lead state legislators or regulators to regulate aggressively the growth of
our industry, potentially seeking to treat our industry in a manner similar to hospitals or freestanding emergency departments. Further,
the growing number of urgent care clinics and freestanding emergency departments may lead to legislation or regulations requiring us
to change substantially our operations or cease our operations in that state entirely. Any such requirements could have a material adverse
effect on our prospects and growth strategy. 

Our
services, and related products, are subject to comprehensive laws and regulations that govern the manner in which we bill and are paid
for our services by third-party payors, and the failure to comply with these requirements can result in civil or criminal sanctions,
including exclusion from federal and state health care programs. 

A
substantial portion of our services, and related products, are paid for by commercial payors and governmental payors. These third-party
payors typically have differing and complex billing and documentation requirements. If we fail to meet these requirements, we may not
be paid for our services or payment may be substantially delayed or reduced. 

Numerous
federal, provincial and local laws also apply to our claims for payment, including but not limited to (i) coordination of benefits 
rules that dictate which payor must be billed first when a patient has coverage from multiple payors, (ii) requirements that overpayments
be refunded within a specified period of time, (iii) reassignment rules governing the ability to bill and collect professional
fees on behalf of other providers, (iv) requirements that electronic claims for payment be submitted using certain standardized transaction
codes and formats, and (v) laws requiring all health and financial information of patients in a manner that complies with applicable
security and privacy standards. 

Third-party
payors carefully monitor compliance with these and other applicable rules. Our failure to comply with these rules could result in our
obligation to refund amounts previously paid for such services or non-payment for our services. 

If
we are found to have violated any of these or any of the other laws or regulations which govern our activities, the resulting penalties,
damages, fines or other sanctions could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. 

Changes
in coverage and the rates or methods of third-party reimbursements may adversely affect our revenue and operations. 

A
substantial portion of our revenue is derived from direct billings to patients and third-party payors. As a result, any changes in the
rates or methods of reimbursement for the services and products we provide could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and financial
results. Reimbursement rates can vary depending on whether our clinic is an in-network or out-of-network provider. Each of our clinics
may be out-of-network for some patients. When acting as an out-of-network provider, reimbursement rates may be lower, co-payments and
deductibles may be higher and we may have difficulties complying with the billing requirements of certain third-party payors. 

Past
and future legislation related to the health care industry and other changes in the health care industry could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
health care industry is subject to legislative and regulatory changes, as well as changes from other influences. The government may continue
reviewing and assessing health care delivery and payment systems and may in the future adopt legislation making additional fundamental
changes in the health care system. There is no assurance that such changes will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, or results of operations. Continued efforts to shift health care costs to the patient (through co-payments, deductibles, and
other mechanisms) could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

65 

We
are subject to the Canada Health Act, Canada s National Health Insurance Program and Food and Drugs Act and analogous provisions
of applicable state laws and could face substantial penalties if we fail to comply with such laws. 

In
Canada, some health care services are public, some are private with a number of different entities involved in regulating and providing
their delivery. While there is a perception that all health care in Canada is publicly funded, the publicly funded system is generally
restricted to medically necessary hospital and physician services, and provincial or territorial drug plans that provide
access to prescription drugs to residents over the age of 65 or those residents who rely on social assistance programs. Publicly funded
services are delivered through a combination of public and private providers and funding comes from the Canadian federal government,
which sets national standards, and the provincial and territorial governments, which regulates the delivery of services and determines
those services that are deemed medically necessary (i.e., publicly funded) within the context of their own unique fiscal
and political environment. In addition, there are a wide array of health products and services that are not subject to coverage under
the public health insurance plans that are provided on a private payer basis. 

Federal/Provincial
Government Division of Power in Canada 

As
is the case for many important industries and economic sectors, neither the federal, nor the provincial/territorial level of government
has exclusive jurisdiction over health. Instead, the Constitution Act, 1867, divides the legislative powers relevant to the regulation
of the delivery of health products and services between the federal and provincial levels of government. 

The
federal government is responsible for regulating important aspects of various health industries or sectors including the regulation of
selling, importing, distributing, and marketing drugs and medical devices and it maintains significant influence over health policy and
national objectives through the use of its spending power. 

The
provincial/territorial level of government has comprehensive authority over the delivery of health care services. Other examples of provincial
responsibility include the regulation of hospitals and other health facilities, administration of health insurance plans, distribution
of prescription drugs and regulation of health professionals. 

However,
many health industry sectors are subject to at least some degree of regulation or oversight by both levels of government. 

Canada s
National Health Insurance Program 

Canada s
 national health insurance program, a publicly funded single-payer system often referred to as Medicare, is
designed to ensure that all Canadian residents have universal access to medically necessary hospital and physician services through the
provincial and territorial health care insurance plans. 

The
Canada Health Act 

The
Canada Health Act is the federal legislation that provides the foundation for the Canadian health care system. The Act is administered
by Health Canada, the federal department with primary responsibility for maintaining and improving the health of Canadians. However,
neither the Canada Health Act nor Health Canada have direct authority to regulate the health insurance plans that give effect to the
publicly funded health insurance system that is in place across the country. Instead, the Act establishes certain values and principles
and sets out criteria and conditions that each publicly funded health insurance plan is required to meet in order to qualify for federal
funding through the Canada Health Transfer. As federal funding is critical to the ability to fund medically necessary hospital
and physician services, each provincial and territorial health insurance plan must satisfy the requirements of public administration;
universality; portability; comprehensiveness; and accessibility. 

Notably,
these requirements relate only to funding and administration and establishing broad principles rather than a prescriptive code. In addition,
the Canada Health Act is silent with respect to the delivery of health services and does not prohibit or discourage the delivery of insured
health services by the private sector. As a result, there is significant variation in the funding and administration of health insurance
plans from one jurisdiction to another. However, most provinces permit the delivery of a broad range of publicly funded health services
through a combination of both public and private providers. Indeed, many publicly funded services in Canada are privately delivered. 

The
requirement that publicly funded health insurance plans be comprehensive requires that medically necessary hospital and
physician services be covered. If a service is determined to be medically necessary then the full cost of the service must
be covered by the public plan. However, the term is not defined and the services that must be covered are intentionally and broadly defined
in order to accommodate the ability of each province and territory to make its own coverage decisions within the context of its unique
fiscal and political environment. Typically, such decisions are made in consultation with the relevant medical associations in the jurisdiction.
However, determining whether a particular service is medical necessary is a determination that has both a fiscal and political
dimension. Ultimately, these coverage decisions are decisions about the allocation of scarce public resources. 

The
products and services available to Canadians through the publicly funded health insurance system are supplemented by a wide array of
health products and services that are not, as a general matter, subject to coverage under the public health insurance plans. For example,
prescription drug coverage, dental services and vision care are generally provided on a private payer basis. However, many jurisdictions
provide coverage for these types of services to seniors and those who face financial or other barriers to privately funded health care.
There are also a growing number of providers that offer ancillary healthcare services. Examples include elective surgical or cosmetic
procedures. 

66 

Regulation
of Health Professionals and Health Facilities 

Health
professionals and health care facilities are subject to federal laws of general application, but the regulation of such matters is largely
a matter of provincial jurisdiction. 

Health
Professionals 

Through
legislation, the provinces have delegated the regulation of health professionals to self-governing professional bodies (with varying
degrees of discretion). Such legislation generally seeks to protect the public through a combination of input regulations 
that focus on who is entitled to provide a particular health service and output regulations that focus on the quality and
delivery of the service being provided. Such regulations also generally include conflict of interest (or anti-kickback) provisions, as
such matters are generally dealt with as part of the regulation of health professions rather than the regulation of health facilities. 

Health
industry participants that offer a particular service need to understand how the service is regulated. If the service involves the performance
of a regulated or controlled act (i.e., acts that can only be performed by a particular category or categories of regulated health professionals
or their delegates) then the involvement of one or more duly qualified health professionals will likely be required. Also, it may be
necessary to implement certain protocols and procedures in order to comply with the requirements of the regulatory colleges that govern
the practices of any such professionals. Complying with such requirements can have significant commercial implications. 

Health
Facilities 

Operating
a regulated health facility can be challenging and often involves a degree of regulatory risk. 

Residential
health care facilities other than hospitals, such as nursing homes, long-term care facilities, pharmacies, laboratories and specimen
collection clinics are, in most jurisdictions, privately owned and operated pursuant to provincial licenses and oversight. However, the
degree to which such health facilities and other providers are regulated generally depends on the nature of the products and services
being provided. 

The
operation of health facilities by private sector entities still typically involves some element of reimbursement through public funds.
Where public funds are being used to acquire goods and services, additional accountability measures such as procurement requirements
often apply. 

Regulation
of Drugs 

The
process of obtaining marketing authorizations and approvals of prescription drugs is administered by Health Canada s Therapeutic
Products Directorate (TPD). 

The
TPD applies the Food and Drugs Act and the regulations applicable to prescription drugs to ensure that drug products sold in Canada are
safe and effective. No drug product can be offered for sale in Canada unless and until, after review, it is issued a marketing authorization
by Health Canada. 

In
addition to its review of drug products, Health Canada is responsible for the ongoing monitoring of drug products being sold in Canada,
as well as the regulation of good manufacturing practices and establishment licenses, which are required in connection with the import,
manufacture, distribution and/or sale of drug products. 

67 

The
Patented Medicines Prices Review Board 

The
Patented Medicines Prices Review Board (PMPRB) is an independent quasi-judicial body created in 1987 under amendments to the Patent Act.
The PMPRB is responsible for regulating the prices that patentees charge for prescription and non-prescription patented drugs sold in
Canada. Based on a review of the information required to be filed by a patentee, the PMPRB considers whether the price of a medicine
appears excessive based on certain factors including: (i) the prices that the patented medicine is sold in the Canadian market; (ii)
the prices at which other medicines in the same therapeutic class are sold in the Canadian market; and (iii) the prices at which the
medicine and other medicines in the same therapeutic class have been sold in other countries other than Canada. If the PMPRB considers
the price of a medicine appears excessive, revised pricing is the usual outcome. 

Public
Market Access 

Each
province has a provincial drug plan that allows certain individuals to access drugs at a reduced cost. Products that will be paid for
by the provincial government (in some provinces, for all residents, while in others for certain prescribed individuals such as seniors
and individuals receiving social assistance), are typically listed on provincial formularies. For innovator products, the manufacturer
negotiates the pricing for inclusion on the provincial formulary with the provincial government. For generic products, the price to be
paid for the generic product is determined by a sliding scale of fixed prices related to when such products enter the market and the
price of the innovator product (i.e., a percent of the price of the innovator pharmaceutical product depending on whether they are first,
second or third entry products). If a drug is a generic product and listed as interchangeable on the provincial formulary, a pharmacist
is permitted to dispense the interchangeable product for the innovator product. Under most provincial benefit plans, interchanging a
generic product for the innovator product by pharmacists is mandatory and generally most provinces will only reimburse the pharmacist
for the lowest cost interchangeable product. Government drug plans account for approximately 50 of all sales of prescription drugs in
Canada. 

The
scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to constant change. Federal and provincial enforcement entities
have significantly increased their scrutiny of health care companies and providers which has led to investigations, prosecutions, convictions
and large settlements. Although we conduct our business in compliance with all applicable federal and provincial fraud and abuse laws,
many of these laws are broadly worded and may be interpreted or applied in ways that cannot be predicted with any certainty. Therefore,
we cannot assure you that our arrangements or business practices will not be subject to government scrutiny or will be found to be in
compliance with applicable fraud and abuse laws. Further, responding to investigations can be time consuming and result in significant
legal fees and can potentially divert management s attention from the Company. 

We
are subject to the data privacy and security laws of Canada, and the failure to comply with these rules, or allegations that we have
failed to do so, could result in civil or criminal sanctions. 

In
Canada, under the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act and under various provincial laws, comprehensive privacy
laws have been introduced to protect the privacy of individuals from the undisclosed or non-consensual sharing of sensitive information
for commercial purposes. As the gathering and use of information is such an integral component of our business, we must always be alert
for and respond to changes in the information regulatory environment. The failure to comply with these rules, or allegations that we
have failed to do so, could result in civil or criminal sanctions against us. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, our centers
may participate in the federal Medicare program and, as a result, we will need to comply with a number of additional federal regulatory
requirements. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, our
clinics and multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians and practitioners, including any staffing we might pursue in affiliate clinics
or eldercare centric homes in the United States, might participate in the federal Medicare and/or Medicaid programs. 

68 

Since
1992, Medicare has paid for the medically necessary services of physicians, non-physician practitioners, clinicians and
certain other suppliers under a physician fee schedule, a system that pays for covered physicians services furnished to a person
with Medicare Part B coverage. Under the physician fee schedule, relative values are assigned to each of more than 7,000 services to
reflect the amount of work, the direct and indirect (overhead) practice expenses, and the malpractice expenses typically involved in
furnishing that service. Each of these three relative value components is multiplied by a geographic adjustment factor to adjust the
payment for variations in the costs of furnishing services in different localities. Relative value units, or RVUs, are summed for each
service and then are multiplied by a fixed-dollar conversion factor to establish the payment amount for each service. The higher the
number of RVUs assigned to a service, the higher the payment. Under the Medicare fee-for-service payment system, an individual can choose
any licensed physician enrolled in Medicare and use the services of any healthcare provider or facility certified by Medicare. 

CMS
is required to limit the growth in spending under the physician fee schedule by a predetermined sustained growth rate, or SGR. If implemented
as mandated, the SGR would result in significant payment reductions under the physician fee schedule. Every year since 2003, Congress
has delayed application of the SGR, but we cannot predict with certainty whether it will continue to do so. Congress most recently delayed
application of the SGR in the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, or PAMA, which became effective on April 1, 2014. In March of
2014 (prior to the passage of PAMA), CMS announced that the estimated physician fee schedule update for 2014 would be reduced by 20.9 
due to the SGR formula. PAMA provides for the continuation of the 0.5 reimbursement increase to the physician payment schedule through
December 31, 2014 (originally provided under the Pathway for SGR Reform Act of 2013), and it also provides for no change to the physician
fee schedule through March 31, 2015. Although several recent legislative proposals have sought to impose permanent or semi-permanent
solutions to the SGR reductions, we cannot predict with certainty whether the SGR will be repealed or if another formula would be substituted
and what form that might take. Repeal of the SGR could be offset by further reductions in Medicare payments, and any such reductions
could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Furthermore,
the ACA reduces annual payment updates for certain providers and reduces Medicare payments for certain procedures, and the Budget Control
Act of 2011, or BCA, requires automatic spending reductions for each fiscal year through 2021. As a result of the BCA and subsequent
activity in Congress, a 1.2 trillion sequester (across-the-board spending cuts) in discretionary programs took effect in 2013. In particular,
a 2 reduction in Medicare payments took effect on April 1, 2013 which has recently been extended for an additional two years beyond
the original expiration date of 2021. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, we will
be subject to CMS RAC program. 

The
Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003, or MMA, introduced on a trial basis the use of RACs for the purpose
of identifying and recouping Medicare overpayments and underpayments. Any overpayment received from Medicare is considered a debt owed
to the federal government. In October 2008, CMS made the RAC program permanent. RACs review Medicare claims to determine whether such
claims were appropriately reimbursed by Medicare. RACs engage in an automated review and in a complex review of claims. Automated reviews
are conducted when a review of the medical record is not required and there is certainty that the service is not covered or is coded
incorrectly. Complex reviews involve the review of all underlying medical records supporting the claim; and are generally conducted where
there is a high likelihood, but not certainty, that an overpayment has occurred. RACs are paid a contingency fee based on overpayments
identified and collected. 

A
Medicare administrative contractor, or MAC, may suspend Medicare payments to a provider if it determines that an overpayment has occurred.
When a Medicare claim for payment is filed, the MAC will notify the patient and the provider of its initial determination regarding reimbursement.
The MAC may deny the claim for one of several reasons, including the lack of necessary information or lack of medical necessity for the
services rendered. Providers may appeal any denials for claim payments. 

69 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, any such
reviews under the RAC program or denials by the MAC could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, we will
be subject to the Anti-Kickback Statute, FCA, Civil Monetary Penalties statute and analogous provisions of applicable state laws and
could face substantial penalties if we fail to comply with such laws. 

Anti-Kickback
Statute 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, if we
are participants in the Medicare program, we will be subject to the Anti-kickback Statute. The Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits the knowing
and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of remuneration, directly or indirectly, in return for the referral of patients or
arranging for the referral of patients, or in return for the recommendation, arrangement, purchase, lease or order of items or services
that are covered, in whole or in part, by a federal healthcare program such as Medicare or Medicaid. The term remuneration 
has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value such as gifts, discounts, rebates, waiver of payments or providing anything
at less than its fair market value. The ACA amended the intent requirement of the Anti-Kickback Statute such that a person or entity
can be found guilty of violating the statute without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violation the statute. Further,
the ACA now provides that claims submitted in violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitute false or fraudulent claims for purposes
of the civil False Claims Act, or FCA, including the failure to timely return an overpayment. Many states have adopted similar prohibitions
against kickbacks and other practices that are intended to influence the purchase, lease or ordering of healthcare items and services
reimbursed by a governmental health program or state Medicaid program. Some of these state prohibitions apply to remuneration for referrals
of healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial payors. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, if we
accept funds from governmental health programs, we will be subject to the Anti-Kickback Statute. Violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute
can result in exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs as well as civil and criminal penalties, such as 25,000
per violation and up to three times the remuneration involved. If in violation, we may be required to enter into settlement agreements
with the government to avoid such sanctions. Typically, such settlement agreements require substantial payments to the government in
exchange for the government to release its claims, and may also require entry into a corporate integrity agreement, or CIA. Any such
sanctions or obligations contained in a CIA could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

False
Claims Act 

The
federal civil FCA prohibits providers from, among other things, (1) knowingly presenting or causing to be presented, claims for payments
from the Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs that are false or fraudulent; (2) knowingly making, using or causing
to be made or used, a false record or statement to get a false or fraudulent claim paid or approved by the federal government; or (3)
knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay
money to the federal government. The qui tam or whistleblower provisions of the FCA allow private individuals
to bring actions under the FCA on behalf of the government. These private parties are entitled to share in any amounts recovered by the
government, and, as a result, the number of whistleblower lawsuits that have been filed against providers has increased
significantly in recent years. Defendants found to be liable under the FCA may be required to pay three times the actual damages sustained
by the government, plus mandatory civil penalties ranging between 5,500 and 11,000 for each separate false claim. 

There
are many potential bases for liability under the FCA. The government has used the FCA to prosecute Medicare and other government healthcare
program fraud such as coding errors, billing for services not provided, and providing care that is not medically necessary or that is
substandard in quality. The ACA also provides that claims submitted in connection with patient referrals that results from violations
of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitute false claims for the purpose of the FCA, and some courts have held that a violation of the Stark
law can result in FCA liability, as well. In addition, a number of states have adopted their own false claims and whistleblower provisions
whereby a private party may file a civil lawsuit in state court. Following the acquisition of one or more clinics or staffing primary
healthcare practitioners in the United States, we will be required to provide information to our employees and certain contractors about
state and federal false claims laws and whistleblower provisions and protections. 

70 

Civil
Monetary Penalties Statute 

The
federal Civil Monetary Penalties statute prohibits, among other things, the offering or giving of remuneration to a Medicare or Medicaid
beneficiary that the person or entity knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider
or supplier of items or services reimbursable by a federal or state healthcare program. 

The
scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to constant change. Federal and state enforcement entities have
significantly increased their scrutiny of healthcare companies and providers which has led to investigations, prosecutions, convictions
and large settlements. Following the acquisition of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States,
although we intend to conduct our business in compliance with all applicable United States federal and state fraud and abuse laws, many
of these laws are broadly worded and may be interpreted or applied in ways that cannot be predicted with any certainty. Therefore, we
cannot assure you that our arrangements or business practices will not be subject to government scrutiny or will be found to be in compliance
with applicable fraud and abuse laws. Further, responding to investigations can be time consuming and result in significant legal fees
and can potentially divert management s attention from the Company. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, we will
be subject to the data privacy, security and breach notification requirements of HIPAA, HITECH and other data privacy and security laws,
and the failure to comply with these rules, or allegations that we have failed to do so, could result in civil or criminal sanctions. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, numerous
federal and state laws and regulations, including HIPAA and HITECH, will govern the collection, dissemination, security, use and confidentiality
of patient-identifiable health information. As required by HIPAA, HHS has adopted standards to protect the privacy and security of this
health-related information. The HIPAA privacy regulations contain detailed requirements concerning the use and disclosure of individually
identifiable health information and the grant of certain rights to patients with respect to such information by covered entities. 
The Company and each of our clinics is considered a covered entity under HIPAA. We will take actions to comply with the HIPAA privacy
regulations including the creation and implementation of policies and procedures, staff training, execution of HIPAA-compliant contractual
arrangements with certain service providers and various other measures. Although we believe we will be in substantial compliance, ongoing
implementation and oversight of these measures involves significant time, effort and expense. 

In
addition to the privacy requirements, HIPAA covered entities must implement certain administrative, physical, and technical security
standards to protect the integrity, confidentiality and availability of certain electronic health-related information received, maintained,
or transmitted by covered entities or their business associates. Although, we will take actions in an effort to be in compliance with
these security regulations, a security incident that bypasses our information security systems causing an information security breach,
loss of PHI or other data subject to privacy laws or a material disruption of our operational systems could have a material adverse effect
on our business, along with fines. Furthermore, ongoing implementation and oversight of these security measures involves significant
time, effort and expense. 

Further,
HITECH, as implemented in part by an omnibus final rule published in the Federal Register on January 25, 2013, further requires that
patients be notified of any unauthorized acquisition, access, use, or disclosure of their unsecured PHI that compromises the privacy
or security of such information. HHS has established the presumption that all unauthorized uses or disclosures of unsecured PHI constitute
breaches unless the covered entity or business associate establishes that there is a low probability the information has been compromised.
HITECH and implementing regulations specify that such notifications must be made without unreasonable delay and in no case later than
60 calendar days after discovery of the breach. Breaches affecting 500 patients or more must be reported immediately to HHS, which will
post the name of the breaching entity on its public website. Furthermore, breaches affecting 500 patients or more in the same state or
jurisdiction must also be reported to the local media. If a breach involves fewer than 500 people, the covered entity must record it
in a log and notify HHS of such breaches at least annually. These breach notification requirements apply not only to unauthorized disclosures
of unsecured PHI to outside third parties but also to unauthorized internal access to or use of such PHI. 

71 

The
scope of the privacy and security requirements under HIPAA was substantially expanded by HITECH, which also increased penalties for violations.
Penalties for violations of these laws vary. For instance, penalties for failure to comply with a requirement of HIPAA and HITECH vary
significantly, and include significant civil monetary penalties and, in certain circumstances, criminal penalties with fines up to 250,000
per violation and/or imprisonment. In addition, numerous breach incidents could lead to possible penalties in excess of 1.68 million.
A person who knowingly obtains or discloses individually identifiable health information in violation of HIPAA may face a criminal penalty
of up to 50,000 and up to one-year imprisonment. The criminal penalties increase if the wrongful conduct involves false pretenses or
the intent to sell, transfer or use identifiable health information for commercial advantage, personal gain or malicious harm. The amount
of penalty that may be assessed depends, in part, upon the culpability of the applicable covered entity or business associate in committing
the violation. Some penalties for certain violations that were not due to willful neglect may be waived by the Secretary
of HHS in whole or in part, to the extent that the payment of the penalty would be excessive relative to the violation. HITECH also authorized
state attorneys general to file suit on behalf of residents of their states. Applicable courts may be able to award damages, costs and
attorneys fees related to violations of HIPAA in such cases. HITECH also mandates that the Secretary of HHS conduct periodic compliance
audits of a cross-section of HIPAA covered entities and business associates. Every covered entity and business associate is subject to
being audited, regardless of the entity s compliance record. 

State
laws may impose more protective privacy restrictions related to health information and may afford individuals a private right of action
with respect to the violation of such laws. Both state and federal laws are subject to modification or enhancement of privacy protection
at any time. We are subject to any federal or state privacy-related laws that are more restrictive than the privacy regulations issued
under HIPAA. These statutes vary and could impose additional requirements on us and more severe penalties for disclosures of health information.
If we fail to comply with HIPAA, similar state laws or any new laws, including laws addressing data confidentiality, security or breach
notification, we could incur substantial monetary penalties and substantial damage to our reputation. 

States
may also impose restrictions related to the confidentiality of personal information that is not considered PHI under HIPAA, including
certain identifying information and financial information of our patients. Theses state laws may impose additional notification requirements
in the event of a breach of such personal information. Failure to comply with such data confidentiality, security and breach notification
laws may result in substantial monetary penalties. 

HIPAA
and HITECH also include standards for common healthcare electronic transactions and code sets, such as claims information, plan eligibility
and payment information. Covered entities such as the Company and each of our centers will be required to conform to such transaction
set standards. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, if we
fail to effectively and timely implement electronic health record systems, our operation could be adversely affected. 

As
required by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, the Secretary of HHS has developed and implemented an incentive payment
program for eligible healthcare professionals that adopt and meaningfully use electronic health record, or EHR, technology. HHS uses
the Provider Enrollment, Chain and Ownership System, or PECOS, to verify Medicare enrollment prior to making EHR incentive program payments.
If our employed professionals are unable to meet the requirements for participation in the incentive payment program, including having
an enrollment record in PECOS, we will not be eligible to receive incentive payments that could offset some of the costs of implementing
EHR systems. Further, healthcare professionals that fail to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology are subject to reduced
payments from Medicare. System conversions to comply with EHR could be time consuming and disruptive for physicians and employees. Failure
to implement EHR systems effectively and in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results
of operations. 

72 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, we will
convert certain of our clinical and patient accounting information system applications to newer versions of existing applications or
altogether new applications. In connection with our implementation and conversions, we will likely incur capitalized costs and additional
training and implementation expenses. 

If
we fail to comply with laws and regulations related to the protection of the environment and human health and safety, we could incur
substantial penalties and fines. 

We
are subject to various federal, state and local and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human health and safety,
including those governing the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites and the maintenance
of a safe workplace. Some of our operations include the use, generation and disposal of hazardous materials. We also plan to acquire
ownership in new facilities and properties, some of which may have had a history of commercial or other operations. We may, in the future,
incur liability under environmental statutes and regulations with respect to contamination of sites we own or operate, including contamination
caused by prior owners or operators of such sites, abutters or other persons, and the off-site disposal of hazardous substances. Violations
of these laws and regulations may result in substantial civil penalties or fines. 

Risks
Related to our Telemedicine Medical Technology Platform, Remote Patient Monitoring Medical Technology Platform and Novo Connect Medical
Technology Platform 

We
may be unsuccessful in the development, usage, application and commercialization of each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms 

Our
Telemedicine Medical Technology Platform, which is currently operating with limited usage and remains primarily under development, is
intended to provide patients with real-time access to third-party primary care medically licensed physicians and specialists in various
disciplines as well as multidisciplinary health care clinicians. Telemedicine is transforming traditional approaches to all components
of the health industry by providing ease of access and reduced costs for patients, particularly in areas with limited access to primary
care licensed physicians, nurses, nurse practitioners, specialists and multidisciplinary primary care clinicians. Our advanced Telemedicine
Medical Technology Platform intends to integrate certain medical devices, such as a blood pressure reading device, a derma scope and
an ophthalmoscope otoscope, each of which can provide the doctor with real-time diagnostic data, greatly enhancing the doctor s
ability to provide the patient with an accurate diagnosis. Our Telemedicine Medical Technology Platform is intended to allow any type
of health care clinic or location to install and utilize our Telemedicine Medical Technology Platform at a relatively low-cost point
of entry. 

Our
Remote Patient Monitoring Medical Technology Platform, which is currently operating with limited usage and remains primarily under development,
is intended to empower a patient with real-time vital sign information while maintaining a direct technology link from patient to clinician
or medical practitioner. The transfer of vital information from home to clinic or patient to clinician allows for the delivery of high
quality, non-redundant diagnostic based proactive healthcare. We intend to expand our RPM Platform to not only our Canadian clinics and
affiliate clinics but to clinics and medically licensed providers throughout Canada and the United States. 

Our
Novo Connect Medical Technology Platform is currently in development and limited commercialization. Novo Connect is intended to be a
cloud-based app designed as a secure patient-centered portal which will allow the integration of numerous source systems for patient
interface by facilitating communication between the patient and the patient s provider. The Novo Connect app will be developed
for Web, iOS and Android application to optimize communication between source systems. Novo Connect is being designed to allow patients
to have direct control of their overall healthcare and wellness by providing a suite of secure, reliable engagement features 

The
success of our Medical Technology Platforms will highly be dependent upon our ability to develop relationships with both Canadian based
and United States based medically licensed primary care providers and specialist in addition to multidisciplinary primary health care
clinicians. 

Our
success will highly be dependent upon our ability to develop relationship with our patients, primary care medically licensed physicians,
nurse practitioners, and specialists in addition to multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians and practitioners. If we cannot
generate relationships with these medical professionals to translate into service contracts or licensing agreements for our Medical Technology
Platforms, we may need to cease the development and commercialization of each or all Medical Technology Platform. 

73 

Our
Medical Technology Platforms may not be accepted in the Canadian and United States marketplace. 

Uncertainty
exists as to whether our Medical Technology Platforms will be accepted by potential users; including, but not limited to third-party
Canadian based and United States based primary care medically licensed physicians and specialists in various medical disciplines, multidisciplinary
primary care clinicians and practitioners; as well as patients. A number of factors may limit the market acceptance of our Medical Technology
Platforms including the price relative to other product offerings. There is a risk that primary care medically licensed physicians and
specialists, multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians or patient acceptance will be encouraged to continue to use other products
and/or methods instead of ours. We are assuming that, notwithstanding the fact that our Medical Technology Platforms will be new in the
market, primary care medically licensed physicians and specialists, multidisciplinary health care clinicians, or patient acceptance will
elect not to use each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms simply because it will provide ease of access and reduced costs for
patients. 

Primary
care medically licensed physicians and specialists, multidisciplinary health care clinicians and patients need to be persuaded that our
Medical Technology Platform services are justified for the anticipated benefit, but there is no assurance that sufficient numbers of
patients will be convinced to enable a successful market to develop for each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms. 

In
the event that we are not able to market and significantly increase the number of primary care medically licensed physicians and specialists,
multidisciplinary health care clinicians, or patients that use our Medical Technology Platforms, or if we are unable to charge the necessary
prices, we may need to cease operating each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms. 

Defects
or malfunctions in our Medical Technology Platforms could hurt our reputation, sales and profitability. 

The
acceptance of our Medical Technology Platforms will depend upon their effectiveness and reliability. Each of our Medical Technology Platforms
will be complex and will be continually modified and improved, and as such may contain undetected defects or errors when first introduced
or as new versions are released. To the extent that defects or errors cause each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms to malfunction
and our customers use of our Medical Technology Platforms is interrupted, our reputation could suffer, and our potential revenues
could decline or be delayed while such defects are remedied. We may also be subject to liability for the defects and malfunctions. 

There
can be no assurance that, despite our testing, errors will not be found in each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms or new releases,
resulting in loss of future revenues or delay in market acceptance, diversion of development resources, damage to our reputation, adverse
litigation, or increased service, any of which would have a material adverse effect upon our business, operating results and financial
condition. 

Software
failures, breakdowns in the operations of our servers and communications systems or the failure to implement system enhancements could
harm our business. 

The
operational success of our Medical Technology Platforms will depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our servers and communications
systems. A failure of our network or data gathering procedures could impede services and could result in the loss of primary care medically
licensed physician and specialists, multidisciplinary primary care clinicians or patients. While all our operations will have disaster
recovery plans in place, they might not adequately protect us. Despite any precautions we take, damage from fire, floods, hurricanes,
power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, break-ins and similar events at our computer facilities could result in interruptions
in the flow of data to our servers and from our servers to our clients. In addition, any failure by our computer environment to provide
our required data communications capacity could result in interruptions in our service. In the event of a server failure, we could be
required to transfer our client data collection operations to an alternative provider of server hosting services. Such a transfer could
result in delays in our ability to deliver our products and services to our clients. 

74 

Additionally,
significant delays in the planned delivery of system enhancements, improvements, and inadequate performance of the systems once they
are completed could damage our reputation and harm our business. Long-term disruptions in the infrastructure caused by events such as
natural disasters, the outbreak of war, the escalation of hostilities and acts of terrorism, particularly involving cities in which we
have offices, could adversely affect our businesses. Although, we plan to carry property and business interruption insurance for our
business operations, our coverage might not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur. 

We
face risks related to the storage of customers and their end users confidential and proprietary information. 

Our
Medical Technology Platforms are being designed to maintain the confidentiality and security of our patients confidential and
proprietary data stored on our server systems, which may include sensitive personal data. However, any accidental or willful security
breaches or other unauthorized access to these data could expose us to liability for the loss of such information, time-consuming and
expensive litigation and other possible liabilities as well as negative publicity. Techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to
sabotage systems change frequently and generally are difficult to recognize and react to. We may be unable to anticipate these techniques
or implement adequate preventative or reactionary measures. 

We
might incur substantial expense to further develop each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms which may never become sufficiently
successful. 

Our
business growth initiatives include the successful development, launch and operations of each and all of our Medical Technology Platforms.
Although management will take every precaution to ensure that our Medical Technology Platforms will, with a high degree of likelihood,
achieve commercial success, there can be no assurance that this will be the case. The causes for failure of each or all of our Medical
Technology Platforms, once commercialized, can be numerous, including: 

market demand for each
 or all of our Medical Technology Platforms proves to be smaller than we expect; 

further each or all of
 our Medical Technology Platform s development (i) turns out to be costlier than anticipated or takes longer; (ii) requires
 significant adjustment post commercialization, rendering the each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms uneconomic or extending
 considerably the likely investment return period; (iii) additional regulatory requirements may increase the overall costs of the
 development; patent conflicts or unenforceable intellectual property rights; and (iv) primary care medically licensed physicians
 and specialists and clients may be unwilling to adopt and/or use each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms. 

Compliance with changing
 regulations concerning corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses. 

We
cannot be certain that we will obtain patents for each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms or that such patent will protect us
from competitors. 

We
believe that our success and competitive position will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patents for each or all of
our Medical Technology Platforms, which is both costly and time consuming. We still are in the process to evaluate the patent potential
of each and all of our Medical Technology Platforms. The Patent Office typically requires 12-24 months or more to process a patent application.
There can be no assurance that any of our potential patent applications will be approved. There can be no assurance that any potential
patent issued or licensed to us will provide us with protection against competitive products, protect us against changes in industry
trends which we have may not have anticipated or otherwise protect the commercial viability of each or all of our Medical Technology
Platforms, or that challenges will not be instituted against the validity or enforceability of any of our future patents or, if instituted,
that such challenges will not be successful. The cost of litigation to uphold the validity of a patent and enforce it against infringement
can be substantial. Even issued patents may later be modified or revoked by the Patent and Trademark Office or in legal proceedings.
Patent applications in the United States and Canada are maintained in secrecy until the patent issues and, since publication of patents
tends to lag actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that if we obtain patents for our product, we were the first creator of the inventions
covered by a pending patent applications or the first to file patent applications on such inventions. 

75 

Government
regulation of the Internet and e-commerce is evolving, and unfavorable changes could substantially harm our business and results of operations. 

We
are subject to general business regulations and laws as well as federal, state and provincial regulations and laws specifically governing
the internet and e-commerce. Existing and future laws and regulations may impede the growth of the use of the internet, availability
of economic broadband access, or other online services, and increase the cost of providing our digital delivery of content and services.
These regulations and laws may cover taxation, tariffs, user privacy, data protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, electronic
contracts and other communications, consumer protection, broadband internet access and the characteristics and quality of services. It
is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, sales, use and other taxes, libel and personal privacy apply
to the internet and e-commerce. Unfavorable resolution of these issues may harm our business and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to the United States Regulatory System as to Medicinal CBD Products 

Possible
yet unanticipated changes in federal and state law could cause any products that we intend to launch, containing hemp-derived CBD oil
to be illegal, or could otherwise prohibit, limit or restrict any of our prospective products containing CBD. 

Until
2014, when 7 U.S. Code 5940 became federal law as part of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014 Farm Act ), products
containing oils derived from hemp, notwithstanding a minimal or non-existing THC content, were classified as Schedule I illegal drugs.
The 2014 Farm Act expired on September 30, 2018, and was thereafter replaced by the Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018 on December
20, 2018 (the 2018 Farm Act ), which amended various sections of the U.S. Code, thereby removing hemp, defined as cannabis
with less than 0.3 of THC, from Schedule 1 status under the Controlled Substances Act CSA ), and legalizing the cultivation
and sale of hemp at the federal level, subject to compliance with certain federal requirements and state law, amongst other things. THC
is the psychoactive component of plants in the cannabis family generally identified as marihuana or marijuana. We anticipate our prospective
medical CBD products will be federally legal in the United States in that they will contain less than 0.3 of THC in compliance with
the 2018 Farm Bill guidelines and will have no psychoactive effects on our patients and customers bodies. Notwithstanding, there is no
assurance that the 2018 Farm Act will not be repealed or amended such that our products containing hemp-derived CBD would once again
be deemed illegal under federal law. 

The
2018 Farm Bill also shifted regulatory authority from the Drug Enforcement Administration to the Department of Agriculture. The 2018
Farm Bill did not change the United States Food and Drug Administration s FDA oversight authority over CBD products.
The 2018 Farm Act delegated the authority to the states to regulate and limit the production of hemp and hemp derived products within
their territories. Although many states have adopted laws and regulations that allow for the production and sale of hemp and hemp derived
products under certain circumstances, no assurance can be given that such state laws may not be repealed or amended such that our intended
products containing hemp-derived CBD would once again be deemed illegal under the laws of one or more states now permitting such products,
which in turn would render such intended products illegal in those states under federal law even if the federal law is unchanged. In
the event of either repeal of federal or of state laws and regulations, or of amendments thereto that are adverse to our prospective
medicinal CBD products, we may be restricted or limited with respect to those products that we may sell or distribute, which could adversely
impact our intended business plan with respect to such intended products. 

Additionally,
the FDA has indicated its view that certain types of products containing CBD may not be permissible under the United States Federal Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA ). The FDA s position is related to its approval of Epidiolex, a marijuana-derived prescription
medicine to be available in the United States. The active ingredient in Epidiolex is CBD. On December 20, 2018, after the passage of
the 2018 Farm Bill, FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb issued a statement in which he reiterated the FDA s position that, among other
things, the FDA requires a cannabis product (hemp-derived or otherwise) that is marketed with a claim of therapeutic benefit, or with
any other disease claim, to be approved by the FDA for its intended use before it may be introduced into interstate commerce and that
the FDCA prohibits introducing into interstate commerce food products containing added CBD, and marketing products containing CBD as
a dietary supplement, regardless of whether the substances are hemp-derived. Although our prospective medicinal CBD product offerings
will comply with applicable federal and state laws and regulations, legal proceedings alleging violations of such laws could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

76 

FDA
regulation could negatively affect the hemp industry, which would directly affect our financial condition. 

The
FDA may seek expanded regulation of hemp under the FDCA. Additionally, the FDA may issue rules and regulations, including certified good
manufacturing practices, or cGMP s, related to the growth, cultivation, harvesting and processing of hemp. Clinical trials may
be needed to verify efficacy and safety. It is also possible that the FDA would require that facilities where hemp is grown register
with the FDA and comply with certain federally prescribed regulations. In the event some or all of these regulations are imposed, we
do not know what the impact would be on the hemp industry, including what costs, requirements and possible prohibitions may be enforced.
If we or our partners are unable to comply with the regulations or registration as prescribed by the FDA, we and or our partners (including
C2M) may be unable to continue to operate their and our business in its current or planned form or at all. 

Sources
of hemp-derived CBD depend upon legality of cultivation, processing, marketing and sales of products derived from those plants under
state law of the United States. 

Hemp-derived
CBD can only be legally produced in states that have laws and regulations that allow for such production and that comply with the 2018
Farm Act, apart from state laws legalizing and regulating medical and recreational cannabis or marijuana, which remains illegal under
federal law and regulations. Initially, we intend to use hemp-derived CBD from growers and processors in Canada where such production
is legal to produce our prospective medicinal CBD products. Although hemp and hemp seeds may legally be imported into the United States,
the importation of products containing THC, including CBD products, into the United States may be illegal if the CBD products cause THC
to enter the human body. In that case, we will be required to purchase all our hemp-derived prospective medicinal CBD products from licensed
growers and processors in states in the United States where such production is legal. In addition, as described in the preceding risk
factor, in the event of repeal or amendment of laws and regulations which are now favorable to the cannabis/hemp industry in such states,
we would be required to locate new suppliers in states with laws and regulations that qualify under the 2018 Farm Act. If we were to
be unsuccessful in arranging new sources of supply of our raw ingredients, or if our raw ingredients were to become legally unavailable,
our intended business plan with respect to such products could be adversely impacted. 

Because
our distributors may only sell and ship our products containing hemp-derived CBD in states that have adopted laws and regulations qualifying
under the 2018 Farm Act, a reduction in the number of states having such qualifying laws and regulations could limit, restrict or otherwise
preclude the sale of intended products containing hemp-derived CBD. 

The
interstate shipment of hemp-derived CBD from one state to another is legal only where both states have laws and regulations that allow
for the production and sale of such products and that qualify under the 2018 Farm Act. Therefore, the marketing and sale of our intended
products containing hemp-derived CBD is limited by such factors and is restricted to such states. Although we believe we may lawfully
sell any of our finished products, including those containing CBD, in a majority of states, a repeal or adverse amendment of laws and
regulations that are now favorable to the distribution, marketing and sale of finished products we intend to sell could significantly
limit, restrict or prevent us from generating revenue related to our products that contain hemp-derived CBD. Any such repeal or adverse
amendment of now favorable laws and regulations could have an adverse impact on our business plan with respect to such products. 

Due
to projected expansion into the CBD industry, we may have a difficult time obtaining the various insurances that are desired to operate
our business, which may expose us to additional risk and financial liability. 

Insurance
that is otherwise readily available, such as general liability, and directors and officer s insurance, may become more difficult
for us to find, and more expensive, due to our intended launch of certain medically related products containing hemp-derived CBD. There
are no guarantees that we will be able to find such insurances in the future, or that the cost will be affordable to us. If we are forced
to go without such insurances, it may prevent us from entering into certain business sectors, may inhibit our growth, and may expose
us to additional risk and financial liabilities. 

77 

Our
products may not meet health and safety standards or could become contaminated. 

We
have adopted various quality, environmental, health and safety standards. We do not have control over all the third parties involved
in the manufacturing of our products and their compliance with government health and safety standards. Even if our products meet these
standards, they could otherwise become contaminated. A failure to meet these standards or contamination could occur in our operations
or those of our manufacturers, distributors, or suppliers. This could result in expensive production interruptions, recalls and liability
claims. Moreover, negative publicity could be generated from false, unfounded, or nominal liability claims or limited recalls. Any of
these failures or occurrences could negatively affect our business and financial performance. 

The
sale of our products involves product liability and related risks that could expose us to significant insurance and loss expenses. 

We
face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims if the use of our products results in, or is believed to have resulted
in, illness or injury. Our products contain combinations of ingredients, and there is little long-term experience with the effect of
these combinations. In addition, interactions of these products with other products, prescription medicines and over-the-counter drugs
have not been fully explored or understood and may have unintended consequences. While our third-party manufacturers perform tests in
connection with the formulations of our products, these tests are not designed to evaluate the inherent safety of our products. 

Any
product liability claim may increase our costs and adversely affect our revenue and operating income. Moreover, liability claims arising
from a serious adverse event may increase our costs through higher insurance premiums and deductibles and may make it more difficult
to secure adequate insurance coverage in the future. In addition, our product liability insurance may fail to cover future product liability
claims, which, if adversely determined, could subject us to substantial monetary damages. 

Confusion
between legal CBD and illegal Cannabis 

There
is the risk that confusion or uncertainty surrounding products that are offered with regulated cannabis could occur on the state or federal
level and impact us. We may have difficulty with establishing banking relationships, working with investment banks and brokers who would
be willing to offer and sell our securities or accept deposits from shareholders, and auditors willing to certify our financial statements
if we are confused with businesses that are in the cannabis business. Any of these additional factors, should they occur, could also
affect our business, prospects, assets or results of operation could have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results
of operations or financial condition of the Company. 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock and our Status as a Public Company 

As
a result of being a public company, we are subject to additional reporting and corporate governance requirements that will require additional
management time, resources, and expense. 

As
a public company we are obligated to file with the SEC annual and quarterly information and other reports that are specified in the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We are also subject to other reporting and corporate governance requirements
under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, all of which impose significant
compliance and reporting obligations upon us and require us to incur additional expense in order to fulfill such obligations. 

Our
stock price is likely to be highly volatile because of several factors, including a limited public float. 

The
market price of our common stock has been volatile in the past and the market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile
in the future. You may not be able to sell shares of our common stock following periods of volatility because of the market s adverse
reaction to volatility. 

78 

Other
factors that could cause such volatility may include, among other things: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations
 in our operating results; 

the absence of securities
 analysts covering us and distributing research and recommendations about us; 

we may have a low trading
 volume for a number of reasons, including that a large portion of our stock is closely held; 

overall stock market fluctuations; 

announcements concerning
 our business or those of our competitors; 

actual or perceived limitations
 on our ability to raise capital when we require it, and to raise such capital on favorable terms; 

conditions or trends in
 the industry; 

litigation; 

changes in market valuations
 of other similar companies; 

future sales of common
 stock; 

departure of key personnel
 or failure to hire key personnel; and 

general market conditions. 

Any
of these factors could have a significant and adverse impact on the market price of our common stock and/or warrants. In addition, the
stock market in general has at times experienced extreme volatility and rapid decline that has often been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common
stock and/or warrants, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

Our
common stock is a penny stock under SEC rules. It may be more difficult to sell securities classified as penny stock. 

Our
common stock is a penny stock under applicable SEC rules (generally defined as non-exchange traded stock with a per-share
price below 5.00). Unless we successfully list our common stock on a national securities exchange, or maintain a per-share price above
 5.00, these rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that recommend the purchase or sale of penny stocks
to persons other than those who qualify as established customers or accredited investors. For example, broker-dealers
must determine the appropriateness for non-qualifying persons of investments in penny stocks. Broker-dealers must also provide, prior
to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information
about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer
quotations for the penny stock, disclose the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, furnish monthly
account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account, provide a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser, and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. 

Legal
remedies available to an investor in penny stocks may include the following: 

If a penny stock 
 is sold to the investor in violation of the requirements listed above, or other federal or states securities laws, the investor may
 be able to cancel the purchase and receive a refund of the investment. 

If a penny stock 
 is sold to the investor in a fraudulent manner, the investor may be able to sue the persons and firms that committed the fraud for
 damages. 

79 

These
requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security that becomes
subject to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers
from effecting transactions in our securities, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements
may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect your ability to sell our common stock. 

Many
brokerage firms will discourage or refrain from recommending investments in penny stocks. Most institutional investors will not invest
in penny stocks. In addition, many individual investors will not invest in penny stocks due, among other reasons, to the increased financial
risk generally associated with these investments. 

For
these reasons, penny stocks may have a limited market and, consequently, limited liquidity. We can give no assurance at what time, if
ever, our common stock will not be classified as a penny stock in the future. 

If
we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, the price of our securities may be adversely affected. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting may have weaknesses and conditions that could require correction or remediation, the disclosure
of which may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. We are required to establish and maintain appropriate internal
control over financial reporting. Failure to establish those controls, or any failure of those controls once established, could adversely
affect our public disclosures regarding our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, management s
assessment of internal control over financial reporting may identify weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal
control over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions
that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure of management s assessment of our internal
control over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. 

We
are required to comply with certain provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and if we fail to continue to comply, our business
could be harmed and the price of our securities could decline. 

Rules
adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act require an annual assessment of internal control over financial
reporting, and for certain issuers an attestation of this assessment by the issuer s independent registered public accounting firm.
The standards that must be met for management to assess the internal control over financial reporting as effective are evolving and complex,
and require significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. We expect to incur significant
expenses and to devote resources to Section 404 compliance on an ongoing basis. It is difficult for us to predict how long it will take
or costly it will be to complete the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for each year and
to remediate any deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we may not be able to complete the assessment
and remediation process on a timely basis. In the event that our Chief Executive Officer or Principal Financial Officer determines that
our internal control over financial reporting is not effective as defined under Section 404, we cannot predict how regulators will react
or how the market prices of our securities will be affected; however, we believe that there is a risk that investor confidence and the
market value of our securities may be negatively affected. 

Shares
eligible for future sale may adversely affect the market. 

From
time to time, certain of our stockholders may be eligible to sell all or some of their shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage
transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, subject to certain limitations. In general,
pursuant to Rule 144, non-affiliate stockholders may sell freely after six months, subject only to the current public information requirement.
Affiliates may sell after six months, subject to the Rule 144 volume, manner of sale (for equity securities), current public information,
and notice requirements. Of the approximately 144,257,518 shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2023, approximately
116,741,592 shares are tradable without restriction. Given the limited trading of our common stock, resale of even a small number of shares
of our common stock pursuant to Rule 144 or an effective registration statement may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

80 

Substantial
future sales of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

The
market price of shares of our common stock could decline as a result of substantial sales of our common stock, particularly sales by
our directors, executive officers and significant stockholders, a large number of shares of our common stock becoming available for sale
or the perception in the market that holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares. 

Provisions
of our amended and restated articles of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent a takeover which may not be in the best interests
of our stockholders. 

Provisions
of our amended and restated articles of incorporation and our bylaws, as amended, may be deemed to have anti-takeover effects, which
include when and by whom special meetings of our stockholders may be called, and may delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt. Further,
our amended and restated articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors in their sole discretion. Our board of directors may,
without stockholder approval, issue series of preferred stock with dividends, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights that could
adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
do not intend to declare dividends for the foreseeable future, as we anticipate that we will reinvest any future earnings in the development
and growth of our business. Therefore, investors will not receive any funds unless they sell their common stock, and stockholders may
be unable to sell their shares on favorable terms. We cannot assure you of a positive return on investment or that you will not lose
the entire amount of your investment in our common stock. 

Risk
Factors Related to Product Manufacturing 

We
may be unable to obtain raw materials for our current and planned products due to unexpected shortages, lack of availability, increased
costs and price fluctuations, which could limit our ability to manufacture any products and could adversely affect our sales and results
of operations. 

We
currently manufacture nutraceutical products that we sell to private label customers, and we also plan to begin manufacturing and selling
our own branded nutraceutical products. The principal raw materials used in the manufacturing process in the Company s current
and planned nutraceutical business include vitamins and minerals both of natural and synthetic source, herbal ingredients and vegetable/fruit
powders/extracts either natural or certified organic, other nutritional supplements such as soft-gel, capsules and tablets in bulk form,
powdered proteins either regular, plant or certified organic, powdered amino acid and energy/muscle building ingredients, vegetable and
gelatin capsules, processing excipients, coating materials, and the necessary components for packaging the finished products. 

The
raw materials are available from numerous sources within the United States, Canada and abroad as are the vegetable and gelatin capsules,
coating materials and packaging materials. However, the availability of such raw materials is subject to change. For example an unexpected
interruption of supply or a significant increase in the cost of raw materials we need, for any reason, such as regulatory requirements,
changes in governmental trade and agricultural programs, increased global competition for resources and consumer demand, import restrictions,
loss of certifications or licenses, disruption of distribution channels as a result of weather, terrorism or acts of war, fire, earthquake,
or other natural or man-made disaster, a work stoppage or other labor-related disruption, failure in supply or other logistical channels,
electrical outages, or other events, could result in significant cost increases and/or shortages of our current and planned products.
Additionally, the prices of packaging materials and freight are subject to fluctuations which would cause the Company s costs to
increase and would also cause the Company to increase our prices. If our competitors do not also increase their prices, customers and
consumers may choose to purchase competing products or may shift purchases to lower-priced private label or other value offerings which
may adversely affect the Company s results of operations. Further, we currently use, as well as plan to use pouches which are prepared
by third parties in the manufacturing of our current and planned products, and such pouches may either become unavailable or may become
damaged by the third parties that prepare them. Our inability to obtain adequate supplies of raw materials in a timely manner or a material
increase in the price of the raw materials used in our products due to any of the foregoing, could limit our ability to manufacture any
products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

81 

Our
planned acquisition of raw materials from international sources subjects us to risk from currency fluctuations. 

We
plan in part to acquire raw materials from international sources, which subjects us to risks from currency fluctuations, such as changes
in foreign exchange rates. For example, if the value of a foreign currency used to purchase from an international supplier were to increase
compared to the value of the U.S. dollar, we could receive less value for purchases of raw materials when purchasing in such other country,
which could force us to increase our prices, or settle for lower margins on our product sales. If either of these outcomes occur, our
results of operations may be harmed. 

Our
business is subject to inherent risks relating to product liability and personal injury claims, our quality control processes may fail
to detect issues in the ingredients we use to make our products and our product liability insurance may be insufficient to cover possible
claims against us which would adversely affect our operating results. 

Our
Company, like other manufacturers, wholesalers and distributors of nutraceutical products, faces an inherent risk of exposure to product
liability and personal injury claims if, among other things, the use or ingestion of our products, results in sickness or injury. Our
current products consist of tablets, powdered beverages, dietary supplements, pain creams, liquids, gels, minerals, herbs and other ingredients
that are classified as foods or dietary supplements. If the materials that we use to create these current products or our planned products
are contaminated and if our quality control processes fail to detect issues in these materials, we may be obligated to recall affected
products, and if we are found liable for product liability or personal injury claims, we could be required to pay substantial monetary
damages. Further, even if we successfully defend ourselves against this type of claim, we could be required to spend significant management,
financial and other resources, which could disrupt our business and harm our reputation. We currently maintain a product liability insurance
policy that provides up to CAD 5 million in product liability coverage. However, there can be no assurance that our existing or future
insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover any possible product liability risks or that such insurance will continue to be available
to us on economically feasible terms. In the event that any of the foregoing occurs, we risk the loss of net revenues, increased administrative
costs and will likely suffer an adverse effect on our operating results. 

We
do not have any long-term contracts with our suppliers or with our customers, and we do not have many written contracts with our customers,
and if we can t maintain these relationships or if we or our suppliers experience manufacturing problems or delays, our financial
results will be negatively affected. 

We
do not have any long-term contracts with our suppliers or with our customers for our current or planned products. We also do not have
many written contracts with our customers. There can be no assurance that these suppliers will continue to sell to us on prior or current
terms, or at all and likewise there can also be no assurance that our customers will continue to purchase from us or that we can obtain
customers to purchase our planned products. We may not be able to maintain our relationships with our suppliers and customers, or we
may be unable to find alternate suppliers or customers in a timely fashion. Should this occur, our revenues and results of operations
will be negatively affected. Additionally, we or our suppliers may encounter unforeseen delays or shortfalls in manufacturing, and our
suppliers production processes may have to change to accommodate any significant future expansion of our manufacturing capacity,
which may increase our or our suppliers manufacturing costs, delay production of our current and planned products, reduce our
product gross margin and adversely impact our business. If we are unable to keep up with demand for our current and planned products
by maintaining our relationships with our suppliers or successfully manufacturing and shipping our products in a timely manner, our revenue
could be impaired, market acceptance for our current and planned products could be adversely affected and our customers might instead
purchase our competitors products. In addition, developing manufacturing procedures for new products may require developing specific
production processes for those products. Developing such processes could be time consuming and any unexpected difficulty in doing so
can delay the introduction of a product. 

82 

Our
revenues are highly dependent upon two private label distributor customers . 

Our
revenues are concentrated and highly dependent on two private label distributor customers which comprise most of our revenues from our
current manufacturing operations. All sales made under a private label relationship are made on a purchase order basis and there are
no long-term contracts with respect to any private label relationships. There can be no assurance that our existing private label relationships
will continue in the future or that we will be able to obtain new private label relationships on an ongoing basis, if at all. Our private
label customers can reduce the products they order from us or cease ordering products from us at any time without notice. There can be
no assurance that these private label customers will continue to place orders with us, that orders by such customers will continue at
their previous levels or that we can replace any such lost business. Should this occur, our revenues and results of operations will be
negatively affected. 

Our
business is subject to numerous laws and regulations and compliance with existing, as well as new laws and regulations, could increase
our costs significantly and adversely affect our financial results. 

The
processing, formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising, sale and distribution of our current and planned nutraceutical
products are subject to regulation by several U.S. federal agencies, including the Food and Drug Administration FDA ),
the Federal Trade Commission FTC ), the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Department of Agriculture and the Environmental
Protection Agency, as well as various state, local and international laws and agencies of the localities in which our current and planned
products are, and will be, manufactured and sold. For example, the FDA regulates our products to ensure that the products are not adulterated
or misbranded. Failure to comply with FDA requirements may result in, among other things, injunctions, product withdrawals, recalls,
product seizures, fines and criminal prosecutions. Additionally, once we begin direct sales and marketing of our planned Company branded
products, our advertising will be subject to regulation by the FTC. In recent years, the FTC has initiated numerous investigations of
dietary and nutrition supplement products and companies. Further some states also permit advertising and labeling laws to be enforced
by attorney generals, who may seek relief for consumers, seek class action certifications, seek class wide damages and product recalls
of products sold by us. Compliance with these government regulations may prevent or delay the introduction, or require the reformulation,
of our current and planned products, and additionally these governmental authorities may commence regulatory or legal proceedings against
us which could restrict the permissible scope of our current or planned product or the ability to sell our products in the future. Additionally,
any such government actions would result in costs to us, including lost revenues from any additional products that we are required to
remove from the market, which additional costs could be material. Any such government actions also could lead to liability and reduced
growth prospects. Moreover, there can be no assurance that new laws or regulations imposing more stringent regulatory requirements on
the nutraceutical industry will not be enacted which could require reformulation of certain products to meet new standards, recalls or
discontinuance of certain products that cannot be reformulated, additional record-keeping requirements, increased documentation of the
properties of certain products, additional or different labeling, additional scientific substantiation, adverse event reporting or other
new requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any laws or any other governmental regulations that apply to us,
or if we are unable to keep up with changing laws and regulations, we may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, civil
and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability
to operate our business and our financial results. 

83 

We
may be involved in lawsuits or proceedings to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend against infringement claims,
which could be expensive and time consuming. Additionally, our inability to protect our intellectual property rights could reduce the
value or our current and planned products. 

Our
business is dependent in part upon our ability to use intellectual property rights to protect our current and planned products from competition
and on our products not infringing on the patents and proprietary rights of other parties. To protect our current and planned products,
we rely, and intend to rely on a combination of trade secrets, patent and other intellectual property laws, employment, confidentiality
and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, and confidentiality agreements and protective contractual provisions
with our partners, licensors and other third parties. These methods, however, afford us only limited protection against competition from
other products. Also, we cannot ensure that our formulas and proprietary information, are not leaked to other parties by anyone that
obtains access to same. To date, none of our current or planned formulas are patented, although we maintain manufacturing trade secrets,
we believe that most competent manufacturers have the skillset necessary to replicate such formulas. As such, third parties could copy
our products or sell similar products to our distributors and/or customers. Our competitors may have or develop equivalent or superior
manufacturing and design skills and may develop an enhancement to our formulations that will be patentable or otherwise protected from
duplication by others. We may also infringe on the patents of other parties. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual
property rights, protect our trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation or interference
proceedings could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. In addition, in an infringement proceeding,
a court may decide that a patent of ours, if we obtain any patents in the future, is not valid or is unenforceable or may refuse to stop
the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology. An adverse determination
of any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents, if we acquire any in the future, at risk of being invalidated
or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. In addition, we may be enjoined from marketing
one or more of our current or planned products if a court finds that such products infringe the intellectual property rights of a third
party. Further, we may be unable or unwilling to strictly enforce our intellectual property rights, including our trademarks, from infringement.
Our inability to obtain and/or failure to enforce our intellectual property rights could diminish the value of our current and planned
product offerings and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, and financial condition. 

The
commercial success of our planned products is dependent, in part, on factors outside our control. 

We
currently manufacture nutraceutical products that we sell to private label customers, and we also plan to begin manufacturing and selling
our own branded nutraceutical products. The commercial success of our planned products is dependent upon unpredictable and volatile factors
beyond our control, such as the success of our competitors products. Our failure to attract market acceptance and a sustainable
competitive advantage over our competitors would materially harm our business. 

If
we fail to increase our brand recognition, we may face difficulty in obtaining customers for our planned products. 

Because
we have not yet started selling our own branded products, we currently do not have strong brand identity or brand loyalty. We believe
that establishing and maintaining brand identity and brand loyalty is critical to attracting customers once we have commercially viable
branded products. Maintaining and enhancing our brand recognition in a cost-effective manner is critical to achieving widespread acceptance
of future products and is an important element in our effort to obtain and increase our customer base. Successful promotion of our brand
will depend largely on our ability to maintain a sizeable and active customer base, our marketing efforts and our ability to provide
reliable and useful products at competitive prices. Brand promotion activities may not yield increased revenue, and even if they do,
any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we will incur in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain
our brand, or if we incur substantial expenses in an unsuccessful attempt to promote and maintain our brand, we may fail to attract enough
new customers or retain our existing customers to the extent necessary to realize a sufficient return on our brand-building efforts,
in which case our business, operating results and financial condition, would be materially adversely affected. 

If
our products do not have the healthful effects intended, or if there is adverse publicity or consumer perception of our products and
any similar products distributed by others, our reputation could be harmed and our business may suffer. 

Many
of our current and planned products contain innovative ingredients or combinations of ingredients. There is little long-term experience
with human or other animal consumption of certain of these ingredients or combinations thereof in concentrated form. Our current and
planned products could have certain side effects if not taken as directed or if taken by a consumer that has certain medical conditions.
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any of the products, even when used as directed, will have the effects intended or will not
have harmful side effects. Should our current or planned products cause unwanted side effects or not have the results intended, it could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, we believe we are, and
will be, highly dependent upon positive consumer perceptions of the safety and quality of our current and planned products as well as
similar products distributed by other nutraceutical companies. Consumer perception of nutraceutical and our current and planned products,
as well as the products sold by our private label customers, in particular, can be substantially influenced by scientific research or
findings, national media attention and other publicity about product use. Adverse publicity from these sources regarding the safety,
quality or efficacy of nutraceuticals could have a negative effect on us. The mere publication of news articles or reports asserting
that such products may be harmful or questioning their efficacy could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations, regardless of whether such news articles or reports are scientifically supported or whether the claimed harmful
effects would be present at the dosages recommended for such products. 

84 

The
nutraceuticals industry is highly competitive, and our failure to compete effectively could adversely affect our market share, financial
condition, and future growth. 

The
industry of nutraceutical and wellness-related supplements and products we produce as well as intend to produce is highly competitive
with respect to price, brand and product recognition and new product introductions. Several of our competitors are larger, more established
and possess greater financial, personnel, distribution and other resources. We face competition (a) from large nationally known manufacturers,
private label brands and many smaller manufacturers of dietary and nutrition supplements; and (b) in the mass-market distribution channel
from manufacturers, major private label manufacturers and others. Private label brands at mass-market chains represent substantial sources
of income for these merchants and the mass-market merchants often support their own labels at the expense of other brands. As such, the
growth of our current and planned products within the nutraceutical industry are highly competitive and uncertain. If we cannot compete
effectively, we may not be profitable. 

The
purchase of many of our planned and current products are discretionary and may be negatively impacted by adverse trends in the general
economy and make it more difficult for us to generate revenues. 

Our
business is affected by general economic conditions since our current and planned products are discretionary and we depend, to a significant
extent, upon a number of factors relating to discretionary consumer spending. These factors include economic conditions and perceptions
of such conditions by consumers, employment rates, the level of consumers disposable income, business conditions, interest rates,
consumer debt levels and availability of credit. Consumer spending on our current and planned products may be adversely affected by changes
in general economic conditions. Our operating results are impacted by the health of the North American economies. Our business and financial
performance may be adversely affected by current and future economic conditions, such as a reduction in the availability of credit, financial
market volatility or recession. Additionally, we may experience difficulties in scaling our operations to react to economic pressures
in the United States. 

We
may not be able to anticipate consumer preferences and trends within the nutraceutical industry, which could negatively affect acceptance
of our planned and current products by retailers and consumers and result in a significant decrease in our revenues. 

We
currently manufacture nutraceutical products that we sell to private label customers, and we also plan to begin manufacturing and selling
our own branded nutraceutical products. Our planned and current products must appeal to a broad range of consumers, whose preferences
cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to rapid change. Our products will need to successfully meet constantly changing consumer
demands. If our products are not successfully received by our customers, our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects may be harmed. 

We
may experience greater than expected product returns, which might adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 

We
currently manufacture nutraceutical products that we sell to private label customers, and we also plan to begin manufacturing and selling
our own branded nutraceutical products. Once we start selling our own branded products, such products may be returned for various reasons,
including expiration dates. Any increase in product returns could reduce our results of operations. 

85 

An
unexpected interruption in our warehousing facilities or if there is a lack of capacity at our warehousing facilities, it could reduce
our sales and margins. 

We
store products in our warehouses that we then ship to other retailers and serve as fulfilling distribution hubs to other retailers. If
we run out of capacity, we won t be able to store as many products and may not be able to maintain all products in an efficient
manner. Additionally, if there is any unexpected interruption to our warehousing facilities, for any reason, such as loss of certifications
or licenses, as a result of weather, terrorism or acts of war, fire, earthquake, or other national disaster, a work stoppage or other
labor-related disruption, electrical outages, or other events, it could result in significant reductions to our sales and margins and
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Any
interruption to our distribution channels for our planned products could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 

We
currently manufacture nutraceutical products that we sell to private label customers, we also intend to manufacture and sell our own
branded products and distribute those products through various distribution channels. Any interruption to our distribution channels for
our planned products for any reason, such as disruption of distribution channels as a result of weather, terrorism or acts of war, fire,
earthquake, or other national disaster, a work stoppage or other labor-related disruption, could adversely affect our sales and results
of operations. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
currently maintain a corporate address at 11120 NE 2nd Street, Suite 100, Bellevue, Washington 98004. Our telephone number there is (206)
617-9797. We pay no rent or other fees for the use of the Company s corporate address. 

Our
wholly owned subsidiary, Novo Healthnet Limited, has corporate offices located at 3905 Major MacKenzie Drive, Suite 115, Vaughan Ontario
Canada L4H 4J9. This location is approximately 1,160 square feet. The lease expires on June 30, 2023, and it is subject to a 1-year renewal
provided the landlord receives notice from the tenant no later than 3-months prior to the lease expiration date. Terms of the lease provide
for a base rent payment of CAD 2,030 (approximately 2,657 as of August 31, 2022) per month. 

Novo
Healthnet Limited currently operates our 17 corporate-owned clinics through standard tenancy agreements out of leased properties located
at: 

(1)
 
 Novo
 Healthnet Limited (Niagara Falls) 

4056
 Dorchester Rd., Suites 104 105, Niagara Falls, Ontario L2E 6M9, Canada; 

(2)
 
 Novo
 Healthnet Limited (Richmond Hill) 

9665
 Bayview Ave., Suite 10, Richmond Hill, Ontario L4C 9V4, Canada; 

(3) 
 Novo
 Healthnet Limited (Windsor) 

250
 Tecumseh Rd. E., Building 100, Unit 150, Windsor, Ontario N8X 2R3, Canada; 

(4) 
 Back
 on Track Physio Health Centres (Scarborough) 

8
 Glen Watford Drive, Unit G3-G5, Scarborough, Ontario M1S 2C1, Canada; 

(5)
 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Antares) 

6
 Antares Drive Ph 1, Unit 3, Nepean, Ontario K2E 8A9, Canada; 

(6)
 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Richmond) 

6265
 Perth St, Richmond, Ontario K0A 2Z0, Canada; 

(7) 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Hunt Club) 

380
 Hunt Club Rd. Suite 107, Ottawa, Ontario K1V 1C1, Canada; 

(8)
 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Findlay Creek) 

4744
 Bank Street, Unit 2, Gloucester, Ontario K1T 0K8, Canada; 

(9)
 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Bells Corners) 

2006
 Robertson Rd., Unit 2, Nepean, Ontario K2H 1A5, Canada; 

86 

(10) 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Westboro) 

411
 Roosevelt Avenue, Unit 309, Ottawa, Ontario K2A 3X9, Canada; 

(11) 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Manotick) 

5230B
 Mitch Owens Road, Manotick, Ontario K4M 1B2, Canada; 

(12)
 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Carleton Place) 

515
 McNeely Drive, Unit 3, Carleton Place, Ontario K7C 0A8, Canada; 

(13)
 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Kemptville) 

301
 Rideau Street, Kemptville, Ontario K0G 1J0, Canada; 

(14)
 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Perth) 

9
 Eric Devlin Lane. Unit 100, Perth, Ontario K7H 0C4, Canada; 

(15)
 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Rockland) 

2741
 Chamberland St., Unit 208 Rockland, Ontario K4K 0B8 Canada. 

(16) 
 Fairway
 Physiotherapy Sports Injury Mountdale 

620
 Arthur St W Unit #4, Thunder Bay, Ontario P7E 5R8 Canada 

(17) 
 Fairway
 Physiotherapy NovaCare 

1600
 Dease St. Thunder Bay, Ontario P7C 5H4 Canada 

NHL
leases premises for the foregoing 17 corporate-owned clinics, ranging in terms of 0 to 10 years, with monthly lease rates ranging from
CAD 904 (approximately 1,183 as of August 31, 2022) to CAD 11,170 (approximately 14,619 as of August 31, 2022). The aggregate monthly
rent for the corporate-owned clinic properties is CAD 109,575 (approximately 143,412 as of August 31, 2022). These leases have expiration
dates between 2023 and 2031. 

We
believe that these facilities are suitable and adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Except
as set forth herein, as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there are no material pending legal proceedings, other
than ordinary routine litigation incidental to our business, to which we are a party or which our property is the subject. In addition,
none of our officers, directors, affiliates or 5 stockholders (or any associates thereof) is a party adverse to us, or has a material
interest adverse to us, in any material proceeding. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

87 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol, NVOS . Prior to February 23, 2021, our common stock
was quoted on the OTC Markets under the symbol, NVOS. The OTC Market is a computer network that provides information on
current bids and asks, as well as volume information. 

On
March 31, 2023, the closing price of our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Markets was 0.1228 and there were approximately
634 shareholders of record. The number of record holders does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in
the names of banks, brokers, nominees or other fiduciaries. 

Dividends,
Common Stock and Unregistered Stock Issuances 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common or preferred stock and do not anticipate paying any such cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, for reinvestment in the development and expansion of our business. 

During
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022, the Company engaged in the following stock issuances that were not registered under the Securities
Act: 

On September 16, 2021,
 the Company issued 35,000 restricted shares of common stock as consideration for a Consulting and Services Agreement. valued at 64,750. 

On November 23, 2021, the
 Company issued 2,000,000 restricted shares of common stock as collateral to be held in escrow pursuant to the terms and conditions
 provided for in a certain Securities Purchase Agreement, Pledge and Security Agreement, Secured Convertible Promissory Note, and
 Escrow Agreement, all dated November 17, 2021 to which the Company is a guarantor for that certain senior secured convertible promissory
 note in the principal amount of up to 1,875,000. 

On December 20, 2021, the
 Company issued 50,000 restricted shares of common stock as consideration for a Consulting Agreement. 

On January 24, 2022, the
 Company issued 25,000 restricted shares of common stock as consideration for an Independent Contractor Agreement. 

On January 24, 2022, the
 Company issued 65,000 restricted shares of common stock as consideration for an Independent Contractor Agreement. 

On January 24, 2022, the
 Company issued 50,000 restricted shares of common stock as consideration for a Consulting Agreement. 

On February 24, 2022, the
 Company issued 50,000 restricted shares of common stock as consideration for a Consulting Agreement. 

On March 18, 2022, the
 Company issued 50,000 restricted shares of common stock as consideration for an Independent Contractor Agreement. 

On March 18, 2022, the
 Company issued 25,000 restricted shares of common stock as consideration for an Independent Contractor Agreement. 

On April 7, 2022, the Company
 issued 800,000 restricted shares of common stock as consideration for a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement. 

88 

On May 2, 2022, the Company
 issued 50,000 restricted shares of common stock as consideration for a Consulting Agreement. 

On May 11, 2022, the Company
 issued 225,000 restricted shares of common stock in exchange for NHL Exchangeable Shares under the terms and conditions of
 a Share Exchange Agreement which closed on June 24, 2021. 

On July 5, 2022, the Company
 issued 50,000 restricted shares of common stock as consideration for a Consulting Agreement. 

On July 20, 2022, the Company
 issued 158,958 restricted shares of common stock in exchange for NHL Exchangeable Shares under the terms and conditions of a Share
 Exchange Agreement which closed on June 24, 2021. 

The
above issuances and sales were made pursuant to an exemption from registration as set forth in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
and/or Regulation D and/or Regulation S under the Securities Act. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and its subsidiaries
(collectively, the Company or Novo Integrated should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial
statements and the accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. References in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to us, we, our, and
similar terms refer to the Company. This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements, as that term is defined in the
federal securities laws, based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as plans, objectives, expectations
and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of a number of factors. Words such as anticipate, estimate, plan, continuing, 
 ongoing, expect, believe, intend, may, will, should, 
 could, and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements. We caution you that these statements are
not guarantees of future performance or events and are subject to a number of uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which
are beyond our control, which may influence the accuracy of the statements and the projections upon which the statements are based. Reference
is made to Risk Factors , which are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Business
Overview 

Novo
Integrated Sciences, Inc. Novo Integrated or the Company was incorporated in Delaware on November 27, 2000,
under the name Turbine Truck Engines, Inc. On February 20, 2008, the Company was re-domiciled to the State of Nevada. Effective July
12, 2017, the Company s name was changed to Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. When used herein, the terms the Company, 
 we, us and our refer to Novo Integrated and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

The
Company owns Canadian and U.S. subsidiaries which provide, or intend to provide, essential and differentiated solutions to the delivery
of multidisciplinary primary care and related wellness products through the integration of medical technology, interconnectivity, advanced
therapeutics, diagnostic solutions, unique personalized product offerings, and rehabilitative science. 

We
believe that decentralizing healthcare, through the integration of medical technology and interconnectivity, is an essential
solution to the rapidly evolving fundamental transformation of how non-catastrophic healthcare is delivered now and how it will be delivered
in the future. Specific to non-critical care, ongoing advancements in both medical technology and inter-connectivity are allowing for
a shift of the patient/practitioner relationship to the patient s home and away from on-site visits to primary medical centers
with mass-services. This acceleration of ease-of-access in the patient/practitioner interaction for non-critical care diagnosis
and subsequent treatment minimizes the degradation of non-critical health conditions to critical conditions as well as allowing for more
cost-effective and efficient healthcare distribution. 

89 

The
Company s decentralized healthcare business model is centered on three primary pillars to best support the transformation of non-catastrophic
healthcare delivery to patients and consumers: 

First Pillar Service
 Networks: Deliver multidisciplinary primary care services through (i) an affiliate network of clinic facilities, (ii) small and micro
 footprint sized clinic facilities primarily located within the footprint of box-store commercial enterprises, (iii) clinic facilities
 operated through a franchise relationship with the Company, and (iv) corporate operated clinic facilities. 

Second Pillar Technology:
 Develop, deploy, and integrate sophisticated interconnected technology, interfacing the patient to the healthcare practitioner thus
 expanding the reach and availability of the Company s services, beyond the traditional clinic location, to geographic areas
 not readily providing advanced, peripheral based healthcare services, including the patient s home. 

Third Pillar Products:
 Develop and distribute effective, personalized health and wellness product solutions allowing for the customization of patient preventative
 care remedies and ultimately a healthier population. The Company s science-first approach to product innovation further emphasizes
 our mandate to create and provide over-the-counter preventative and maintenance care solutions. 

Innovation
through science, combined with the integration of sophisticated, secure technology, assures Novo Integrated of continued cutting edge
advancement in patient first platforms. 

First
Pillar Service Networks for Hands-on Patient Care 

Our
clinicians and practitioners provide certain multidisciplinary primary health care services, and related products, beyond the medical
doctor first level contact identified as primary care. Our clinicians and practitioners are not licensed medical doctors, physicians,
specialist, nurses or nurse practitioners. Our clinicians and practitioners are not authorized to practice primary care medicine and
they are not medically licensed to prescribe pharmaceutical based product solutions. 

Our
team of multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians and practitioners provide assessment, diagnosis, treatment, pain management,
rehabilitation, education and primary prevention for a wide array of orthopedic, musculoskeletal, sports injury, and neurological conditions
across various demographics including pediatric, adult, and geriatric populations through our 16 corporate-owned clinics, a contracted
network of affiliate clinics, and eldercare related long-term care homes, retirement homes, and community-based locations in Canada. 

Our
specialized multidisciplinary primary health care services include physiotherapy, chiropractic care, manual/manipulative therapy, occupational
therapy, eldercare, massage therapy (including pre- and post-partum), acupuncture and functional dry needling, chiropody, stroke and
traumatic brain injury/neurological rehabilitation, kinesiology, vestibular therapy, concussion management and baseline testing, trauma
sensitive yoga and meditation for concussion-acquired brain injury and occupational stress-PTSD, women s pelvic health programs,
sports medicine therapy, assistive devices, dietitian, holistic nutrition, fall prevention education, sports team conditioning programs
including event and game coverage, and private personal training. 

Additionally,
we continue to expand our patient care philosophy of maintaining an on-going continuous connection with our current and future patient
community, beyond the traditional confines of brick-and-mortar facilities, by extending oversight of patient diagnosis, care and monitoring,
directly through various Medical Technology Platforms either in-use or under development. 

The
occupational therapists, physiotherapists, chiropractors, massage therapists, chiropodists and kinesiologists contracted, by NHL, to
provide occupational therapy, physical therapy and fall prevention assessment services are registered with the College of Occupational
Therapists of Ontario, the College of Physiotherapists of Ontario, College of Chiropractors of Ontario, College of Massage Therapists
of Ontario, College of Chiropodists of Ontario, and the College of Kinesiologists of Ontario regulatory authorities. 

Our
strict adherence to public regulatory standards, as well as self-imposed standards of excellence and regulation, have allowed us to navigate
with ease through the industry s licensing and regulatory framework. Compliant treatment, data and administrative protocols are
managed through a team of highly trained, certified health care and administrative professionals. We and our affiliates provide service
to the Canadian property and casualty insurance industry, resulting in a regulated framework governed by the Financial Services Commission
of Ontario. 

90 

Second
Pillar Interconnected Technology for Virtual Ecosystem of Services, Products and Digital Health Offerings 

Decentralization
through the integration of interconnected technology platforms has been adopted and is thriving in a variety of sectors and industries
such as transportation (Uber, Lyft), real estate (Zillow, Redfin, Airbnb, VRBO), used car sales (Carvana, Vroom), stock and financial
markets (Robinhood, Acorns, Webull) and so many other sectors. Yet decentralization of the non-critical primary care and wellness sector
of healthcare is lagging significantly in capability and benefit for patient access and delivery of services and products. The COVID-19
pandemic has taught both patients and healthcare providers the viability, importance, and benefits of decentralized access to primary
care simply through the rapid adoption of telehealth/telemedicine. 

The
Company s focus on a holistic approach to patient-first health and wellness, through innovation and decentralization, includes
maintaining an on-going continuous connection with our current and future patient community, beyond the traditional confines of brick-and-mortar
facilities, by extending oversight of patient evaluation, diagnosis, treatment solutions, and monitoring, directly through various Medical
Technology Platforms and periphery tools either in-use or under development. Through the integration and deployment of sophisticated
and secure technology and periphery diagnostic tools, the Company is working to expand the reach of our non-critical primary care services
and product offerings, beyond the traditional clinic locations, to geographic areas not readily providing advanced primary care service
to date, including the patient s home. 

NovoConnect,
the Company s proprietary mobile application with a fully securitized tech stock, telemedicine/telehealth and remote patient monitoring
fall under this Second Pillar. In October 2021, we announced the launch of MiTelemed+, Inc. MiTelemed ), a joint venture
with EK-Tech Solutions Inc. EK-Tech ). MiTelemed will operate, support and expand access and functionality of iTelemed,
EK-Tech s enhanced proprietary telehealth platform. MiTelemed+, through the iTelemed platform, will allow us to offer the patient
and the practitioner a sophisticated and enhanced telehealth interaction. Through the interface of sophisticated peripheral based diagnostic
tools operated by skilled support workers in the patient s remote location, we believe that the practitioner s ability and
comfort to provide a uniquely comprehensive evaluation, diagnosis, and treatment solution will be dramatically elevated. 

Third
Pillar Health and Wellness Products 

We
believe our science first approach to product offerings further emphasizes the Company s strategic vision to innovate, evolve,
and deliver over-the-counter preventative and maintenance care solutions as well as therapeutics and personalized diagnostics that enable
individualized health optimization. 

As
the Company s patient base grows through the expansion of its corporate owned clinics, its affiliate network, its micro-clinic
facility openings, its interconnected technology platforms, and other growth initiatives, the development and distribution of high-quality
wellness product solutions is integral to (i) offering effective product solutions allowing for the customization of patient preventative
care remedies and ultimately a healthier population, and (ii) maintaining an on-going relationship with our patients through the customization
of patient preventative and maintenance care solutions. 

The
Company s product offering ecosystem is being built through strategic acquisitions and engaging in licensing agreements with partners
that share our vision to provide a portfolio of products that offer an essential and differentiated solution to health and wellness globally.
Our 2021 acquisitions of Acenzia, PRO-DIP and Terragenx support this Third Pillar. On March 15, 2022, PRO-DIP was issued U.S. Patent
No. 11,273,965 by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on March 15, 2022. The 965 patent relates to PRO-DIP s novel technology
for manufacturing its oral supplement pouches. On April 4, 2022, NHL was granted a Natural Product Number (NPN) by Health Canada for
IoNovo GO Iodine which is the Company s forth iodine related product to recently be granted a NPN by Health Canada following IoNovo
Pure Iodine, IoNovo Iodide, and IoNovo for Kids pure iodine oral spray. 

We
have two reportable segments: healthcare services and product sales. For fiscal year 2022, revenues from healthcare services and product
sales were 67 and 27 , respectively, of the Company s total revenues for the quarter. We expect the percentage of revenues
generated from the product sales segment to continue as a greater percentage compared to the revenue generated from healthcare services
over the coming quarters. 

91 

Recent
Developments 

Coronavirus
(COVID-19) 

While
all of the Company s business units are operational at the time of this filing, any future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the
Company s operations remains unknown and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted
with confidence, including the duration of the COVID-19 outbreak, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19
pandemic, and any additional preventative and protective actions that governments, or the Company, may direct, which may result in an
extended period of continued business disruption, reduced patient traffic and reduced operations. For more information regarding the
impact of COVID-19 on the Company, see Liquidity and Capital Resources Financial Impact of COVID-19 of this
annual report on Form 10-K. 

MiTelemed+
Joint Venture Agreement 

On
October 8, 2021, the Company and NHL completed a Joint Venture Agreement (the MiTelemed+ JV with EK-Tech Solutions Inc. EK-Tech to establish the joint venture company MiTelemed+ Inc., an Ontario province Canada corporation MiTelemed+ ),
to operate, support, and expand access and functionality of EK-Tech s enhanced proprietary Telehealth platform. At closing, EK-Tech
contributed all intellectual property, source code, and core data of the iTelemed platform, valued at CAD 1,500,000, and NHL issued to
EK-Tech, non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, which are issued solely for the purpose
of EK-Tech to exchange, for 185,000 restricted shares of Company s common stock solely upon EK-Tech meeting terms and conditions
for exchange of the NHL Exchangeable Special Shares as defined in the MiTelemed+ JV. The net profits and net losses of the JV will be
split 50/50 between NHL and EK-Tech. As of August 31, 2022, the terms and conditions for the exchange of the NHL Exchangeable Special
Shares had not been met. 

Terragenx
Share Exchange Agreement 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company and NHL, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into that certain Share Exchange Agreement
(the Terra SEA ), dated as of November 17, 2021, by and among the Company, NHL, Terragenx Inc. Terra ), TMS
Inc. TMS ), Shawn Mullins, Claude Fournier, and The Coles Optimum Health and Vitality Trust COHV and collectively
with TMS, Mr. Mullins and Mr. Fournier, the Terra Shareholders ). Collectively, the Terra Shareholders owned 91 of the
outstanding shares of Terra (the Terra Purchased Shares ). 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Terra SEA, NHL agreed to purchase from the Terra Shareholders, and the Terra Shareholders agreed to sell to NHL,
the Terra Purchased Shares on the closing date, in exchange for payment by NHL of the purchase price (the Purchase Price of CAD 500,000 (approximately 398,050) (the Exchange ). The Purchase Price was to be paid with the issuance, by NHL to
the Terra Shareholders, of certain non-voting NHL special shares exchangeable into restricted shares of the Company s common stock
(the NHL Exchangeable Shares ). The total shares of Company common stock allotted in favor of the Terra Shareholders was
calculated at a per share price of 3.35. 

The
Exchange closed on November 17, 2021. At the closing of the Exchange, (i) the Terra Shareholders transferred to NHL a total of 910 shares
of Terra common stock, representing 91 of Terra s outstanding shares, and (ii) a total of 100 NHL Exchangeable Shares were issued
to the Terra Shareholders, which NHL Exchangeable Shares are exchangeable into a total of 118,821 restricted shares of the Company s
common stock. As a result of the Exchange, NHL has 91 ownership of Terra and full control of the Terra business. 

92 

Mullins
Asset Purchase Agreement 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company entered into that certain Asset Purchase Agreement (the Mullins APA ), dated as of November
17, 2021, by and between the Company and Terence Mullins. Pursuant to the terms of the Mullins APA, Mr. Mullins agreed to sell, and the
Company agreed to purchase, all of Mr. Mullins right, title and interest in and to certain assets directly and indirectly related
to any and all iodine-based related products and technologies as specified in the Mullins APA (the Mullins IP Assets ),
in exchange for a purchase price of CAD 2,500,000 (approximately 1,990,250) which is to be paid as follows: 

(a) 
 CAD 2,000,000
 (approximately 1,592,200) is to be issued or allotted to Mr. Mullins only after patent-pending status, in the U.S. or internationally,
 is designated for all Mullins IP Assets (the Mullins IP Assets CAD 2m Shares ), as either restricted shares of Company
 common stock or NHL Exchangeable Shares, as determined by Mr. Mullins. Once issued or allotted, the Mullins IP Assets CAD 2m Shares
 will be held in escrow pending registration and approval for all Mullins IP Assets, and 

(b) 
 CAD 500,000 (approximately
 398,050) is to be issued in the form of 118,821 restricted shares of Company common stock, free and clear of all liens, pledges,
 encumbrances, charges, or known claims of any kind, nature, or description, upon closing of the Mullins APA 

All
shares issued or allotted under the terms and conditions of the Mullins APA are calculated at a value of 3.35 per share. 

In
addition, the Company will pay a royalty equal to 10 of net revenue (net profit) of all iodine related sales reported through the Company
or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries for a period equal to the commercial validity of the intellectual property. 

Jefferson
Street Capital Stock Purchase Agreement, Secured Convertible Promissory Note, Partial Payment and Extension of the Jefferson Note 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company and Terragenx Inc., a majority owned subsidiary of the Company Terra ), entered into
that certain securities purchase agreement (the Jefferson SPA ), dated as of November 17, 2021, by and among the
Company, Terra and Jefferson Street Capital LLC Jefferson ). Pursuant to the terms of the Jefferson SPA, (i) the
Company agreed to issue and sell to Jefferson the Jefferson Note (as hereinafter defined); (ii) the Company agreed to issue to
Jefferson the Jefferson Warrant (as hereinafter defined); and (iii) the Company agreed to issue to Jefferson 1,000,000 restricted
shares of Company common stock (the Collateral Shares ), as collateral on the Jefferson Note, which is being held by the escrow agent and subject to return
to the Company upon full payment of the Jefferson Note; and (iv) Jefferson agreed to pay to the Company 750,000 (the
 Jefferson Purchase Price ). 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Jefferson SPA, on November 17, 2021, Terra issued to Jefferson a secured convertible promissory note (the Jefferson
Note with a maturity date of May 17, 2022 (the Maturity Date ), in the principal amount of 937,500. The Company
acted as guarantor on the Jefferson Note. Pursuant to the terms of the Jefferson Note, Terra agreed to pay to Jefferson 937,500 (the
 Principal Amount ), with a purchase price of 750,000 plus an original issue discount in the amount of 187,500 (the OID ),
and to pay interest on the Principal Amount at the rate of 1 per annum. 

Any
amount of principal, interest or other amount due on the Jefferson Note that is not paid when due will bear interest at the rate of the
lesser of (i) 12 , or (b) the maximum rate allowed by law. 

Jefferson
may, at any time, convert all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid principal amount and interest into shares of the Company s
common stock at a conversion price of 3.35 per share. The Jefferson Note has a 4.99 equity blocker; provided, however, that the 4.99 
equity blocker may be waived (up to 9.99 by Jefferson, at Jefferson s election, on not less than 61 days prior notice
to the Company. 

93 

On
November 17, 2021, Jefferson paid the Jefferson Purchase Price of 750,000 in exchange for the Jefferson Note. Terra intends to use the
proceeds for the acquisition of the certain assets directly and indirectly related to any and all iodine-based related products and technologies
as specified in the Asset Purchase Agreement (the Mullins APA ), dated as of November 17, 2021, by and between the Company
and Terence Mullins (the Mullins IP and thereafter for working capital and other general purposes. 

Terra
may prepay the Jefferson Note at any time in accordance with the terms of the Jefferson Note. 

Except
as related to the next transaction after the issue date of the Jefferson Note conducted on the Company s behalf by the Maxim Group
LLC Maxim ), Terra and the Company agreed to pay to Jefferson on an accelerated basis, any outstanding Principal Amount
of the Jefferson Note, along with all unpaid interest, and fees and penalties, if any, from the sources of capital below, at Jefferson s
discretion, it being acknowledged and agreed by Jefferson that the Company and Terra have the right to make bona fide payments to vendors
with Company common stock: 

At Jefferson s option,
 15 of the net cash proceeds of any future financings by the Company, Terra or any subsidiary, whether debt or equity, or any other
 financing proceeds such as cash advances, royalties or earn-out payments. 

All net proceeds from any
 sale of assets of the Company, Terra or any subsidiaries other than sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business or receipt
 by the Company or any subsidiaries of any tax credits or collections pursuant to any settlement or judgement. 

Net proceeds resulting
 from the sale of any assets outside of the ordinary course of business or securities in any subsidiary. 

On
June 1, 2022, the Company made a partial payment of 192,188 towards principal and interest owed on the Jefferson Note. On June 1,
2022, the Company and the note holder agreed to extend the maturity date to November 29, 2022 with a principal amount face value of
 937,500 and interest rate that shall accrue at a rate equal to 1 per annum. Effective February 16, 2023, the Jefferson Note has
been paid in full. See Financial Note 19 Subsequent Events for additional information regarding the Jefferson
Note. 

Platinum
Point Capital Stock Purchase Agreement, Secured Convertible Promissory Note, and Full Payment of the Platinum Note 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company and Terra entered into that certain securities purchase agreement (the Platinum SPA ), dated
as of November 17, 2021, by and among the Company, Terra and Platinum Point Capital LLC Platinum ). Pursuant to the terms
of the Platinum SPA, (i) the Company agreed to issue and sell to Platinum the Platinum Note (as hereinafter defined); (ii) the Company
agreed to issue to Platinum the Platinum Warrant (as hereinafter defined); and (iii) the Company agreed to issue to Platinum 1,000,000
restricted shares of the Company common stock, as collateral on the Platinum Note, which is being held by the escrow agent and subject
to return to the Company upon full payment of the Platinum Note; and (iv) Platinum agreed to pay to the Company 750,000 (the Platinum
Purchase Price ). 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Platinum SPA, on November 17, 2021, Terra issued to Platinum a secured convertible promissory note (the Platinum
Note with a maturity date of May 17, 2022 (the Maturity Date ), in the principal amount of 937,500. The Company
acted as guarantor on the Platinum Note. Pursuant to the terms of the Platinum Note, Terra agreed to pay to Platinum 937,500 (the Platinum
Principal Amount ), with a purchase price of 750,000 plus an original issue discount in the amount of 187,500 (the OID ),
and to pay interest on the Principal Amount at the rate of 1 per annum. 

Any
amount of principal, interest or other amount due on the Platinum Note that is not paid when due will bear interest at the rate of the
lesser of (i) 12 , or (b) the maximum rate allowed by law. 

Platinum
may, at any time, convert all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid principal amount and interest into shares of the Company s
common stock at a conversion price of 3.35 per share. The Platinum Note has a 4.99 equity blocker; provided, however, that the 4.99 
equity blocker may be waived (up to 9.99 by Platinum, at Platinum s election, on not less than 61 days prior notice to
the Company. 

94 

On
November 17, 2021, Platinum paid the Platinum Purchase Price of 750,000 in exchange for the Platinum Note. Terra intends to use the
proceeds for the acquisition of the Mullins IP and thereafter for working capital and other general purposes. 

Terra
may prepay the Platinum Note at any time in accordance with the terms of the Platinum Note. 

Except
as related to the next transaction after the issue date of the Platinum Note conducted on the Company s behalf by the Maxim, Terra
and the Company agreed to pay to Platinum on an accelerated basis, any outstanding Principal Amount of the Platinum Note, along with
all unpaid interest, and fees and penalties, if any, from the sources of capital below, at Platinum s discretion, it being acknowledged
and agreed by Platinum that the Company and Terra have the right to make bona fide payments to vendors with Company common stock: 

At Platinum s option,
 15 of the net cash proceeds of any future financings by the Company, Terra or any subsidiary, whether debt or equity, or any other
 financing proceeds such as cash advances, royalties or earn-out payments. 

All net proceeds from any
 sale of assets of the Company, Terra or any subsidiaries other than sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business or receipt
 by the Company or any subsidiaries of any tax credits or collections pursuant to any settlement or judgement. 

Net proceeds resulting
 from the sale of any assets outside of the ordinary course of business or securities in any subsidiary 

On
June 1, 2022, the Company made an aggregated payment of 948,874, including all principal and interest owed, on the Platinum Note. 

December
2021 Registered Direct Offering 

On
December 14, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an accredited institutional investor (the Purchaser pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue to the Purchaser and the Purchaser agreed to purchase (the Purchase ), in
a registered direct offering, (i) 16,666,666 aggregate principal amount of the Company s senior secured convertible notes, which
notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, under certain conditions (the Notes and (ii) warrants
to purchase up to 5,833,334 shares of the Company s common stock (the Warrants ). The securities, including up to
68,557,248 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion under the Notes and up to 5,833,334 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants, are being offered by the Company pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-254278),
which was declared effective by the SEC on March 22, 2021. The Purchase closed on December 14, 2021. 

The
Notes have an original issue discount of 10 , resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of 15,000,000. The Notes bear interest of 5 
per annum and mature on June 14, 2023, unless earlier converted or redeemed, subject to the right of the Purchaser to extend the date
under certain circumstances. The Company will make monthly payments on the first business day of each month commencing on the calendar
month immediately following the sixth month anniversary of the issuance of the Notes through June 14, 2023, the maturity date, consisting
of an amortizing portion of the principal of each Note equal to 1,388,888 and accrued and unpaid interest and late charges on the Notes.
All amounts due under the Notes are convertible at any time, in whole or in part, at the holder s option, into common stock at
the initial conversion price of 2.00, which conversion price is subject to certain adjustments; provided, however, that the Notes have
a 9.99 equity blocker. If an event of default occurs, the holder may convert all, or any part, of the principal amount of a Note and
all accrued and unpaid interest and late charge at an alternate conversion price, as described in the Notes. Subject to certain conditions,
the Company has the right to redeem all, but not less than all, of the remaining principal amount of the Notes and all accrued and unpaid
interest and late charges in cash at a price equal to 135 of the amount being redeemed. 

The
Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of 2.00 per share and expire on the fourth anniversary of December 14, 2021, the
initial issuance date of the Warrants. 

As
of August 31, 2022, the principal balance owed on the December 14, 2021 Notes is approximately 11,230,555. See Financial Note 19 Subsequent Events for additional information regarding the December 14, 2021 Notes. 

95 

LA
Fitness Canada Amended and Restated License Agreement Amended and Restated Guaranty 

On
December 15, 2021, NHL entered into an Amended and Restated Master Facility License Agreement (the Amended and Restated Canada
License Agreement with LAF Canada Company LA Fitness Canada ). The Amended and Restated Canada License Agreement
had the effect of (i) removing NHL s obligation to develop and open a certain number of facilities within certain designated time
periods; and (ii) revising the default provisions such that certain defaults will result only in termination with respect to a specific
facility, rather than of the license itself. As a result of the Amended and Restated Canada License Agreement, NHL may continue to develop
and open additional facilities for business. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Amended and Restated Canada License Agreement, the Company entered into that certain Guaranty Agreement (the Canada
Guaranty dated December 15, 2021 by and between the Company, Fitness International, LLC and LA Fitness Canada, pursuant to which
the Company irrevocably guaranteed the full, unconditional, and prompt payment and performance of all of NHL s obligations and
liabilities under the Amended and Restated Canada License Agreement. 

Consulting
Services Agreement 

On
December 20, 2021, the Company executed a Consulting Services Agreement for financial and corporate consulting services over a 3-month
term. As consideration for payment of services, the Company paid (i) 50,000 restricted shares of common stock, and (ii) 25,000 per month
for the 3-month term. On December 20, 2021, the Company issued 50,000 shares of restricted common stock. On January 24, 2022, the Company
issued 50,000 restricted shares of common stock. On February 24, 2022, the Company issued 50,000 restricted shares of common stock. 

Stock
Option Grant to Independent Directors 

On
February 23, 2022, the Company granted, pursuant to the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), a
stock option to purchase 93,955 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 1.33 to each of the Company s then-independent
directors, Alex Flesias, Robert Oliva and Michael Pope. Effective June 30, 2022, Mr. Oliva resigned as a member of the Board of
Directors. Each stock option vests, and becomes exercisable, (i) with respect to 7,833 shares each month, beginning on the date of
grant, until December 23, 2022, and (ii) with respect 7,832 shares on January 23, 2023. Each stock option expires on February 23,
2027. The stock option grants were previously approved by the Company s Board of Directors on January 26, 2021 and are
consistent with the letter agreements dated January 26, 2021, between the Company and Messrs. Flesias, Oliva and Pope. 

Share
Exchange Agreement to Acquire 50.1 of 12858461 Canada Corp. 

On
March 1, 2022, the Company and NHL completed a Share Exchange Agreement (the 1285 SEA with 12858461 Canada Corp. 1285 ),
a Canada federal corporation in the business of providing clinic-based physiotherapy and related ancillary services and products, and
Prashant A. Jani, a Canadian citizen and sole shareholder of 1285 (the 1285 Shareholder to acquire 50.1 ownership of
1285 for a purchase price of 68,000 (the 1285 Purchase Price paid with the issuance, by NHL to the 1285 Shareholder,
of certain non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares which can only be utilized for the purpose of exchange into an allotment of 17,000
restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Parent 1285 SEA Shares at the determination of the 1285 Shareholder.
The number of Parent 1285 SEA Shares was calculated by dividing the 1285 Purchase Price by 4.00 per share. 

Asset
Purchase Agreement with Poling Taddeo Hovius Physiotherapy Professional Corp., operating as Fairway Physiotherapy and Sports Injury Clinic 

On
March 1, 2022, the Company and NHL completed an Asset Purchase Agreement (the PTHPC APA with Poling Taddeo Hovius Physiotherapy
Professional Corp. PTHPC ), operating a clinic-based physiotherapy, rehabilitative, and related ancillary services and
products business known as Fairway Physiotherapy and Sports Injury Clinic FAIR ), and Jason Taddeo, a Canadian citizen
and the sole shareholder of PTHPC (the PTHPC Shareholder ), Under the terms and conditions of the PTHPC APA, PTHPC agreed
to sell, assign and transfer to NHL, free and clear of all encumbrances, other than permitted encumbrances, and NHL agreed to purchase
from PTHPC all of PTHPC s right, title and interest in and to all of its assets related to FAIR and the FAIR Business, with the
exception of certain limited exclusions, and the rights, privileges, claims and properties of any kind whatsoever that are related thereto,
whether owned or leased, real or personal, tangible or intangible, of every kind and description and wheresoever situated. Under the
terms and conditions of the PTHPC APA, the purchase price is 627,000 (the FAIR Purchase Price paid with the issuance,
by NHL to the PTHPC Shareholder, of certain non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares which can only be utilized for the purpose of
exchange into an allotment of 156,750 restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Parent PTHPC APA Shares at the determination of the PTHPC Shareholder. The number of Parent PTHPC APA Shares was calculated by dividing the FAIR Purchase Price
by 4.00 per share. 

96 

Clinical
Consultants International LLC Acquisition 

On
March 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the CCI Agreement by and among the
Company, Clinical Consultants International LLC CCI ), each of the members of CCI (the Members ), and Dr.
Joseph Chalil as the representative of the Members. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the CCI Agreement, among other things, the CCI Members will sell and assign to the Company all of their membership interests
of CCI, in exchange for a total of 800,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Exchange Shares ( CCI
Acquisition ). The Exchange Shares will be apportioned among the Members pro rata based on their respective membership interest
ownership percentage of CCI. Following the closing of the CCI Acquisition (the Closing ), the Company will own 100 of the
issued and outstanding membership interests of CCI, and the CCI Members or their designees will collectively own 800,000 restricted shares
of the Company s common stock. The restricted shares were issued on April 7, 2022. 

This CCI Acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition, as substantially
all of the fair value of the assets being acquired under the arrangement was concentrated in the customer relationships. Accordingly,
the 1,704,000 purchase price was primarily allocated to the customer relationships intangible asset, for 1,701,814, and amortized over
an estimated useful life of 5 years. The remaining purchase price was allocated to cash and cash equivalents. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the CCI Agreement, the Company agreed to (i) name, at the Closing, Dr. Chalil as the Chief Medical Officer of the Company
and the President of Novomerica Healthcare Group, Inc., which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, (ii) enter into an employment
agreement with Dr. Chalil, and (iii) name Dr. Chalil to the Company s Board of Directors. 

On
April 5, 2022, the CCI Acquisition closed. As a result, immediately after the Closing on April 5, 2022, the Company owned 100 of the
issued and outstanding membership interests of CCI. On April 7, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 800,000 restricted shares of
the Company s common stock to the Members in connection with the CCI Acquisition and pursuant to the terms of the CCI Agreement. 

Appointment
of Dr. Chalil as the Company s Chief Medical Officer and President of Novomerica Healthcare Group, Inc. 

On
April 5, 2022, in connection with the closing of the CCI Acquisition and pursuant to the terms of the CCI Agreement, the Company named
Dr. Chalil as the Company s Chief Medical Officer, and the President of Novomerica Healthcare Group, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company formed for expansion of certain medically related business in the U.S. NHG ). Pursuant to the terms of the
CCI Agreement, the Company expects to appoint Dr. Chalil as a member of the Company s Board of Directors in the near future. 

Chalil
Employment Agreement 

In
connection with Dr. Chalil s appointment as the Company s Chief Medical Officer and NHG s President, the Company entered
into an executive agreement (the Chalil Agreement with Dr. Chalil on April 5, 2022. Pursuant to the terms of the Chalil
Agreement, the Company agreed to pay Dr. Chalil an annual base salary of 400,000. In addition, the Company agreed to pay Dr. Chalil
an amount equal to 10 of the net income of CCI in excess of 450,000 for each calendar year during the term of the Chalil Agreement
(the Revenue Share Payment ). 

Dr.
Chalil will also receive bonuses based on increases in the Company s market cap valuation MCV from the date of
the Chalil Agreement, with the following milestone bonus parameters: 

(a) 
 For each and every 50
 million Company MCV increase sustained for a period of not less than 30 days (the 50M Bonus Event ), Dr. Chalil will
 receive 250,000, or 0.5 of 50 million, in Company common stock. For the sake of clarity, Dr. Chalil will only be issued compensation
 based on 50 million MCV increments; there will be no compensation issued for anything above 50 million until the subsequent 50
 million MCV milestone is achieved. This bonus will be capped at a Company MCV of 1 billion. The 50M Bonus Event stock will be issued
 as (i) 50 restricted shares within 30 days of the respective 50M Bonus Event or at a later date as requested by Dr. Chalil, and
 held as an allocation to Dr. Chalil, until the requisition date as provided in writing, by Dr. Chalil, to the Company, and (ii) 50 
 registered shares from the Company s current active incentive plan within 30 days of the respective 50M Bonus Event. 

97 

(b) 
 Upon the Company sustaining
 a MCV of 2 billion for no less than 30 days (the 2B Bonus Event ), Dr. Chalil will receive 20 million, or 1 of 1
 billion, in restricted shares of Company common stock. The 2B Bonus Event stock will be issued within 30 days of the 2B Bonus Event
 or at a later date as requested by Dr. Chalil, and held as an allocation to Dr. Chalil, until Dr. Chalil provides the Company with
 written instructions requesting the specific stock issuance date. 

(c) 
 For each additional 1
 billion MCV, beyond the 2B Bonus Event and commencing when the Company MCV reaches 3 billion sustained for no less than 30 days,
 Dr. Chalil will receive 10 million, or 1 of 1 billion, in restricted shares of the Company s common stock. Dr. Chalil may
 choose to have this stock issued within 30 days of each additional 1 billion MCV event or at a later date as requested by Dr. Chalil,
 and held as an allocation to Dr. Chalil, until Dr. Chalil provides the Company with written instructions requesting the specific
 stock issuance date. 

The
Company may also issue to Dr. Chalil equity awards as determined by the Board of Directors. 

The
term of the Chalil Agreement ends on the earlier of (i) April 5, 2025, and (ii) the time of the termination of Dr. Chalil s employment
pursuant to the terms of the Chalil Agreement. The term of the Chalil Agreement will be automatically extended for one or more additional
terms of one year each unless either party provided notice to the other party of their desire to not renew at least 30 days prior to
expiration of the then-current term. 

The
Company may terminate the Chalil Agreement at any time for Cause (as defined in the Chalil Agreement) or without Cause, and Dr. Chalil
may terminate the Chalil Agreement at any time with or without Good Reason (as defined in the Chalil Agreement. If the Company terminates
the Chalil Agreement without Cause or Dr. Chalil terminates the Chalil Agreement with Good Reason, (i) the Company will pay to Dr. Chalil
any base salary, bonuses, and benefits then owed or accrued, and any unreimbursed expenses incurred by Dr. Chalil in each case through
the termination date; (ii) the Company will pay to Dr. Chalil, in one lump sum, an amount equal to the greater of (1) the base salary
that would have been paid to Dr. Chalil for the remainder of the then-current term, and (2) the total base salary that would have been
paid to Dr. Chalil for a one year period based on the base salary as of the date of termination, and the Revenue Share Payment for the
calendar year in which such termination occurs; and (iii) any equity grant already made to Dr. Chalil will, to the extent not already
vested, be deemed automatically vested. 

Shelf
Registration Statement 

On
April 28, 2022, the SEC declared effective the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-264360) (the Form
S-3 originally filed on April 18, 2022. The Form S-3 is a shelf registration statement relating to the sale of 223,880 shares
of our common stock issuable to Jefferson Street Capital and Platinum Point Capital, under the terms and conditions of both the Jefferson
SPA and the Platinum SPA, upon exercise of certain warrants, currently held by the respective selling stockholders, with an exercise
price of 3.35 which expire on November 17, 2024. 

Promissory
Note Amortization Payment 

On
June 14, 2022, the Company made a cash payment in the aggregate amount of 1,391,589 for the monthly Amortization Payment pursuant to
the terms and conditions of the 16.66m+ convertible notes. 

Dalcourt
and Gaynor Board of Directors Compensation 

On
June 29, 2022, the Board granted Pierre Dalcourt and Michael Gaynor 250,000 and 50,000 shares of common stock, respectively, pursuant
to the 2021 Plan as consideration for over 5-years of service to the Board without having received compensation. 

98 

Board
of Directors Changes 

Effective
June 30, 2022, Robert Oliva, Michael Gaynor and Pierre Dalcourt resigned as members of the Board of Directors. Also, effective June 30,
2022, (i) Sarfaraz Ali was appointed as an independent member of the Board of Directors; (ii) the size of the Board of Directors was
reduced from seven to five members. As a result, effective June 30, 2022, following the aforementioned Board changes, a majority of the
Company s Board of Directors is independent. As compensation for Mr. Ali s services as a director, on August 9, 2022, the
Company granted, pursuant to the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, a stock option to purchase 39,480 shares of common stock
at an exercise price of 1.90. Mr. Ali s stock options vests, and becomes exercisable, (i) with respect to 6,580 shares on the
date of grant, and (ii) with respect to 3,290 shares monthly, beginning on September 9, 2022 until July 9, 2023. Each stock option expires
on August 9, 2027. The stock option grants were previously approved by the Company s Board of Directors on June 30, 2022, and are
consistent with the letter agreement, dated June 27, 2022, between the Company and Mr. Ali. 

Promissory
Note Payment 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company paid the balance owed on an Acenzia promissory note for an aggregate payment of 5,300,000, including all
principal and interest owed. 

Promissory
Note Amortization Payment 

On
July 14, 2022, the Company made a cash payment in the aggregate amount of 1,474,496 for the monthly Amortization Payment pursuant to
the terms and conditions of the 16.66m+ convertible notes. 

Promissory
Note Amortization Payment 

On
August 14, 2022, the Company made a cash payment in the aggregate amount of 1,441,470 for the monthly Amortization Payment pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the 16.66m+ convertible notes. 

Registration
Statement on Form S-1 

On
September 13, 2022, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401) (as amended, the Registration
Statement ). The Registration Statement relates to the Company s proposed offer of up to 19,138,756 units Units ),
with each Unit consisting of (i) one share of common stock, (ii) one warrant with a three-year term to purchase one share of common stock
at an exercise price of 1.045 per share (100 of the offering price per Unit) Three-Year Warrant ), and (iii) one warrant
with a five-year term to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 1.045 per share (100 of the offering price per
Unit) Five-Year Warrant on a best-efforts basis. The assumed public offering price is 1.045 per Unit. Each Three-Year
Warrant and Five-Year Warrant will be immediately exercisable for one share of common stock at an assumed exercise price of 1.045 per
share (not less than 100 of the public offering price of each Unit sold in the offering). The actual public offering price per Unit
will be determined between the Company, Maxim Group LLC and the investors in the offering, and may be at a discount to the current market
price of the Company s common stock. 

As
indicated in the Registration Statement, the Company also proposes to offer to each purchaser of Units that would otherwise result in
the purchaser s beneficial ownership exceeding 4.99 of the Company s outstanding common stock immediately following the
consummation of the offering, the opportunity to purchase Units consisting of one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of common
stock Pre-Funded Warrant (in lieu of one share of common stock), one Three-Year Warrant and one Five-Year Warrant. Subject
to limited exceptions, a holder of Pre-Funded Warrants will not have the right to exercise any portion of its Pre-Funded Warrants if
the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 (or, at the election of the holder, such limit may
be increased to up to 9.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Each
Pre-Funded Warrant will be exercisable for one share of common stock. The purchase price of each Unit including a Pre-Funded Warrant
will be equal to the price per Unit including one share of common stock, minus 0.01, and the remaining exercise price of each Pre-Funded
Warrant will equal 0.01 per share. The Pre-Funded Warrants will be immediately exercisable (subject to the beneficial ownership cap)
and may be exercised at any time until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. For each Unit including a Pre-Funded Warrant
sold (without regard to any limitation on exercise set forth therein), the number of Units including a share of common stock offered
will be decreased on a one-for-one basis. The common stock and Pre-Funded Warrants, if any, can each be purchased in the offering only
with the accompanying Three-Year Warrant and Five-Year Warrant as part of a Unit, but the components of the Units will immediately separate
upon issuance. The Company also proposes to register the common stock issuable from time to time upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants,
Three-Year Warrants and Five-Year Warrants included in the Units. 

There
is no minimum number of Units or minimum aggregate amount of proceeds for the offering to close. 

The
Company expects to commence the sale of the securities as of the date on which the Registration Statement is declared effective by the
SEC. No sales will be made prior to effectiveness of the Registration Statement. There can be no assurance that the Registration Statement
will be declared effective by the SEC. 

99 

Promissory
Note Amortization Payment 

On
September 14, 2022, the Company made a cash payment in the aggregate amount of 1,435,683 for the monthly Amortization Payment pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the 16.66m+ convertible notes. 

CVI
Investments, Inc. Waiver and Amendment 

On
October 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Waiver and Amendment (the CVI Waiver and Amendment with CVI Investments,
Inc. CVI ). Pursuant to the terms of the CVI Waiver and Amendment, (i) the Company obtained a limited waiver from CVI with
respect to certain provisions of a Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to CVI (the
 CVI Warrant (ii) the Company and CVI amended certain provisions of the CVI Warrant; (iii) the Company obtained a limited
waiver from CVI with respect to certain provisions of a Senior Secured Convertible Note, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the
Company to CVI (the CVI Note and (iv) the Company and CVI amended certain provisions of the CVI Note, all as more fully
described below and as set forth in the CVI Warrant and the CVI Note, as applicable. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the CVI Waiver and Amendment, the Company obtained a limited waiver from CVI with respect to the provisions of the CVI
Warrant that would have reduced the exercise price of the CVI Warrant upon the closing of the sale of the Company s common stock
by the Company (the Offering to be conducted as set forth in and pursuant to the prospectus contained in the Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401) filed by the Company on September 13, 2022, as subsequently amended and as declared effective
on October 13, 2022. In addition, the Company and CVI agreed to amend the CVI Warrant to provide that the exercise price of the CVI Warrant
shall be the price at which the Company s common stock is offered for sale in the Offering. 

Also
pursuant to the terms of the CVI Waiver and Amendment, the Company obtained a limited waiver from CVI with respect to the provisions
of the CVI Note that would have reduced the conversion price of the CVI Note upon the closing of the Offering. CVI also agreed to extend
the date on which the Amortization Redemption Amount (as defined in the CVI Note) may be paid from October 14, 2022 to October 19, 2022.
In addition, the Company and CVI agreed to amend the CVI Note to provide that the conversion price set forth in the CVI Note shall be
the price at which the Company s common stock is being offered for sale in the Offering. 

Hudson
Bay Master Fund Ltd. Waiver and Amendment 

Also
on October 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Waiver and Amendment (the Hudson Bay Waiver and Amendment with Hudson
Bay Master Fund Ltd. Hudson Bay ). Pursuant to the terms of the Hudson Bay Waiver and Amendment, (i) the Company obtained
a limited waiver from Hudson Bay with respect to certain provisions of a Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated as of December 14, 2021,
issued by the Company to Hudson Bay (the Hudson Bay Warrant (ii) the Company and Hudson Bay amended certain provisions
of the Hudson Bay Warrant; (iii) the Company obtained a limited waiver from Hudson Bay with respect to certain provisions of a Senior
Secured Convertible Note, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to Hudson Bay (the Hudson Bay Note and
(iv) the Company and Hudson Bay amended certain provisions of the Hudson Bay Note, all as more fully described below and as set forth
in the Hudson Bay Warrant and the Hudson Bay Note, as applicable. 

100 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Hudson Bay Waiver and Amendment, the Company obtained a limited waiver from Hudson Bay with respect to the provisions
of the Hudson Bay Warrant that would have reduced the exercise price of the Hudson Bay Warrant upon the closing of the Offering. In addition,
the Company and Hudson Bay agreed to amend the Hudson Bay Warrant to provide that the exercise price of the Hudson Bay Warrant shall
be the price at which the Company s common stock is offered for sale in the Offering. 

Also
pursuant to the terms of the Hudson Bay Waiver and Amendment, the Company obtained a limited waiver from Hudson Bay with respect to the
provisions of the Hudson Bay Note that would have reduced the conversion price of the Hudson Bay Note upon the closing of the Offering.
Hudson Bay also agreed to extend the date on which the Amortization Redemption Amount (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note) may be paid
from October 14, 2022 to October 19, 2022. In addition, the Company and Hudson Bay agreed to amend the Hudson Bay Note to provide that
the conversion price set forth in the Hudson Bay Note shall be the price at which the Company s common stock is being offered for
sale in the Offering. 

Unit
Offering 

On
October 18, 2022 (the Closing Date ), the Company sold an aggregate of 4,000,000 units (the Units for an
aggregate of 2,000,000, at a purchase price 0.50 per Unit (the Offering ), consisting of (i) 4,000,000 shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, (ii) warrants with a three-year term to purchase 4,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of 0.50 per share (the Three Year Warrants ), and (iii) warrants with a five-year term to purchase 4,000,000 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of 0.50 per share (the Five Year Warrants and together with the Three Year Warrants,
the Warrants ). 

On
October 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Placement Agency Agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement with Maxim Group
LLC, as exclusive placement agent thereunder (the Placement Agent ), pursuant to which the Placement Agent agreed to act
as the Company s exclusive placement agent to solicit offers to purchase the Units, and the Common Stock and Warrants forming part
of the Units, offered by the prospectus Prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401)
declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 13, 2022 (the Registration Statement ). The Placement
Agent did not purchase or sell any securities, nor was it required to arrange for the purchase and sale of any specific number or dollar
amount of securities, other than to use its reasonable best efforts to arrange for the sale of the securities by the Company.
Accordingly, there was no minimum amount of proceeds that was a condition to closing of the Offering. 

The
Offering resulted in gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 2,000,000 before deducting the Placement Agent fees and related
offering expenses, and excluding proceeds to the Company, if any, that may result from the future exercise of Warrants issued in the
Offering which formed part of the Units. Pursuant to the terms of the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company paid the Placement Agent
a cash fee of 140,000 equal to 7.0 of the gross proceeds of the Offering as well as reimbursed the Placement Agent for its accountable
expenses, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of 1,795,000. 

Under
the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company agreed to certain restrictions on future stock offerings, including that during the 90-day
period following the Closing Date, the Company will not issue (or enter into any agreement to issue) any shares of common stock or common
stock equivalents, subject to certain exceptions, and will not file any registration statements. In addition, during the 180-day period
following the Closing Date and subject to certain exceptions, the Company is prohibited from entering into (i) a transaction that would
result in the Company issuing common stock that has a variable conversion price, exercise price, or exchange rate, or such a price that
would reset upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events; or (ii) a transaction in which the Company agrees to issue securities
at a future determined price. Each of the Company s officers, directors, and any holder of 10 or more of the outstanding common
stock has agreed to a three-month lock-up with respect to their shares of common stock, including securities that are convertible
into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of common stock. Subject to certain exceptions, during such lock-up period these holders
may not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of these securities, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent. The Placement
Agency Agreement provides that the Placement Agent s obligations were subject to conditions contained in the Placement Agency Agreement. 

101 

Each
Warrant had an exercise price of 0.50 per share and is exercisable upon issuance. As a result of the Company s entry, on November 14, 2022, into the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment (as hereinafter
defined) and the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment (as hereinafter defined), the exercise price of each Warrant was reduced to 0.10
per share. The Three Year Warrants and the Five Year Warrants
will expire three years and five years from the date of issuance, respectively. 

Each
Warrant is exercisable for one share of common stock, subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends, stock splits, stock combinations,
reclassifications, reorganizations or similar events affecting the common stock as described in the Prospectus. Subject to certain exemptions
outlined in the Three Year Warrants and Five Year Warrants, if the Company sells, enters into an agreement to sell, or grants any option
to purchase, or sell, enters into an agreement to sell, or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces
any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any shares of common stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined
in the Three Year Warrants and Five Year Warrants), at an effective price per share less than the exercise price of the Three Year Warrants
or Five Year Warrants then in effect, the exercise price of the Three Year Warrants and Five Year Warrants will be reduced to equal the
effective price per share in such dilutive issuance; provided, however, in no event will the exercise price of the Three Year Warrants
and Five Year Warrants be reduced to an exercise price lower than 0.10. Additionally, on the date that is 60 calendar days immediately
following the initial issuance date of the Three Year Warrants and Five Year Warrants, the exercise price will be reduced to the Reset
Price (as hereinafter defined), provided that the Reset Price is less than the exercise price in effect on that date. The Reset
Price is equal to the greater of (a) 50 of the initial exercise price or (b) 100 of the lowest daily volume weighted average
price per share of common stock VWAP occurring during the 60 calendar days following the issuance date of the Three Year
Warrants and Five Year Warrants. 

On
October 13, 2022, the (i) conversion price of the Senior Secured Convertible Notes, and the (ii) exercise price per share of common stock
under the warrants to purchase common stock, issued by the Company and held by CVI Investments, Inc. and Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd.
(the Holders was reduced to 0.50 per share of common stock based on the offering price of each Unit in the Offering and
in accordance with waivers by the Holders, as further described in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022. 

The
terms of the Three Year Warrants and Five Year Warrants are governed by a Warrant Agency Agreement (the Warrant Agency Agreement ),
dated as of the Closing Date, by and between the Company and Pacific Stock Transfer Company (the Warrant Agent ). Pursuant
to the terms of the Warrant Agency Agreement, the Company agreed to indemnify the Warrant Agent in its roles as transfer agent and warrant
agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all liabilities, including judgments, costs
and reasonable counsel fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability
due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Promissory
Note Amortization Payment 

On
October 19, 2022, the Company made a cash payment in the aggregate amount of 1,429,896 for the monthly Amortization Payment pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the 16.66m+ convertible notes. 

Restricted Stock Issuance 

On October 26, 2022, the Company issued 36,222 restricted shares of common
stock for NHL Exchangeable Shares under the terms and conditions of a Share Exchange Agreement
which closed on June 24, 2021. 

CVI
Investments, Inc. Exchange Offer and Amendment 

On November 14, 2022, the
Company entered into an exchange offer and amendment (the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment with CVI. Pursuant to the terms
of the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, (i) the Company exchanged one share of the Company s common stock, for each share of common
stock (the CVI Warrant Exchange underlying the warrant to purchase common stock, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued
by the Company to CVI (the CVI Warrant and (ii) the Company and CVI amended certain provisions of the senior secured convertible
note, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to CVI (the CVI Note ), all as more fully described below and
as set forth in the CVI Warrant and the CVI Note, as applicable. On November 15, 2022 and January 5, 2023, 1,757,319 and 1,159,348 shares
of common stock were issued under the terms and conditions of the CVI Warrant Exchange. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company and CVI agreed to amend the CVI Note such that (i) the Company shall
pay the interest originally payable in November 2022 and December 2022 upon execution of the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, (ii) the
Company shall pay a 50,000 extension fee to CVI 10,000 on January 15, 2023, 10,000 on February 14, 2023, 10,000 on March 14, 2023,
 10,000 on April 14, 2023, and 10,000 on May 15, 2023), (iii) the payment dates for the principal originally payable in November 2022
and December 2022 shall be extended such that 1/5 of such respective principal amount shall instead be paid on each Amortization Date
(as defined in the CVI Note) during January 2023, February 2023, March 2023, April 2023, and May 2023, in addition to the Amortization
Redemption Amounts (as defined in the CVI Note) (the Amortization Redemption Amounts due on the aforementioned dates in
2023. 

102 

Also,
pursuant to the terms of the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company agreed to hold an annual or special meeting of stockholders
on or prior to the date that is 90 calendar days after November 14, 2022, for the purpose of obtaining shareholder approval Shareholder
Approval to amend the CVI Note as follows: 

(i)
the definition of Conversion Price (as defined in the CVI Note) (the Conversion Price shall be amended such that, as
to the first 1,000,000 of principal amount of the CVI Note converted after the date that the Shareholder Approval is obtained, the
Conversion Price shall be the lower of (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time and (ii) 82.0 of the lowest VWAP (as defined
in the CVI Note) during the five trading days immediately prior to the applicable conversion date (the Adjusted Conversion
Price ), provided, however, that the portion of the first 1,000,000 of principal amount of the CVI Note that is converted
pursuant to a voluntary conversion by CVI shall reduce each of the remaining Amortization Redemption Amounts proportionately on a
pro rata basis; 

(ii)
CVI may accelerate up to four Amortization Redemption Amounts (as defined in the Notes) provided that CVI agrees to accept shares of
Common Stock instead of cash for such payments at a price per share equal to the Adjusted Conversion Price as calculated on the
immediately preceding Amortization Date (as defined in the CVI Note)); and 

(iii)
upon mutual consent by the Company and CVI, CVI may elect to utilize the Adjusted Conversion Price for the balance of the
Notes. 

The
CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment further provides that from November 14, 2022 until 30 days following November 14, 2022, neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance
of any Common Stock or any securities convertible or exchangeable into Common Stock, or (ii) enter into any agreement to amend, exchange
or otherwise provide any incentive to exercise any of the warrants originally issued together with the Exchange Warrants or any other
warrants of the Company that are outstanding on November 14, 2022, in each such case except with respect to certain exempt issuances. 

Hudson
Bay Master Fund Ltd. Exchange Offer and Amendment 

Also, on November 14, 2022,
the Company entered into an exchange offer and amendment (the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment with Hudson Bay.
Pursuant to the terms of the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment, (i) the Company exchanged one share of the Company s common
stock, for each share of common stock (the Hudson Bay Warrant Exchange underlying the warrant to purchase common stock,
dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to Hudson Bay (the Hudson Bay Warrant and (ii) the Company and Hudson
Bay amended certain provisions of the senior secured convertible note, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to Hudson
Bay (the Hudson Bay Note ), all as more fully described below and as set forth in the Hudson Bay Warrant and the Hudson Bay
Note, as applicable. On November 15, 2022, 2,916,667 shares of common stock were issued under
the terms and conditions of the Hudson Bay Warrant Exchange. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company and Hudson Bay agreed to amend the Hudson Bay Note such that
(i) the Company shall pay the interest originally payable in November 2022 and December 2022 upon execution of the Hudson Bay Exchange
Offer and Amendment, (ii) the Company shall pay a 50,000 extension fee to Hudson Bay 10,000 on January 15, 2023, 10,000 on February
14, 2023, 10,000 on March 14, 2023, 10,000 on April 14, 2023, and 10,000 on May 15, 2023), (iii) the payment dates for the principal
originally payable in November 2022 and December 2022 shall be extended such that 1/5 of such respective principal amount shall instead
be paid on each Amortization Date (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note) during January 2023, February 2023, March 2023, April 2023, and
May 2023, in addition to the Amortization Redemption Amounts (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note) (the Amortization Redemption
Amounts due on the aforementioned dates in 2023. 

103 

Also,
pursuant to the terms of the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company agreed to hold an annual or special meeting of stockholders
on or prior to the date that is 90 calendar days after November 14, 2022, for the purpose of obtaining shareholder approval Shareholder
Approval to amend the Hudson Bay Note as follows: 

(i)
the definition of Conversion Price (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note) (the Conversion Price shall be amended such
that, as to the first 1,000,000 of principal amount of the Hudson Bay Note converted after the date that the Shareholder Approval
is obtained, the Conversion Price shall be the lower of (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time and (ii) 82.0 of the lowest
VWAP (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note) during the five trading days immediately prior to the applicable conversion date (the
 Adjusted Conversion Price ), provided, however, that the portion of the first 1,000,000 of principal amount of the
Hudson Bay Note that is converted pursuant to a voluntary conversion by Hudson Bay shall reduce each of the remaining Amortization
Redemption Amounts proportionately on a pro rata basis; 

(ii)
Hudson Bay may accelerate up to four Amortization Redemption Amounts (as defined in the Notes) provided that Hudson Bay agrees to
accept shares of Common Stock instead of cash for such payments at a price per share equal to the Adjusted Conversion Price as
calculated on the immediately preceding Amortization Date (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note)); and 

(iii)
upon mutual consent by the Company and Hudson Bay, Hudson Bay may elect to utilize the Adjusted Conversion Price for the balance of
the Notes. 

The
Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment further provides that from November 14, 2022 until 30 days following November 14, 2022, neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance
of any Common Stock or any securities convertible or exchangeable into Common Stock, or (ii) enter into any agreement to amend, exchange
or otherwise provide any incentive to exercise any of the warrants originally issued together with the Exchange Warrants or any other
warrants of the Company that are outstanding on November 14, 2022, in each such case except with respect to certain exempt issuances. 

Promissory Note Amortization and Extension Fee
Payments 

On
November 14, 2022, as provided in the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company made a cash payment, in the amount of 37,384, for
the monthly interest owed on the CVI Note outstanding principal balance. On November 14, 2022, as provided in the Hudson Bay Exchange
Offer and Amendment, the Company made a cash payment, in the amount of 33,056, for the monthly interest owed on the Hudson Bay Note
outstanding principal balance. 

On January 17, 2023, March 2, 2023, and March 14,
2023, the Company made an interest payment on the Hudson Bay Note, to Hudson Bay, in the amount of 8,333, 625, and 208, respectively.
On January 17, 2023, March 2, 2023, and March 14, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company
paid, to Hudson Bay, extension fees in the amount of 10,000, 10,000, and 10,000, respectively. On March 24, 2023, the Company paid to Hudson Bay an aggregate of 70,069, representing the remaining principal balance
on the Hudson Bay Note 50,000), interest on the Hudson Bay Note 69), and extension fees 20,000). As of March 24, 2023, the Hudson
Bay Note was paid in full and no amounts remain due and outstanding in respect of the Hudson Bay Note. 

On March 14, 2023, the Company made a principal
payment on the CVI Note, to CVI, in the amount of 6,111 and an interest payment on the CVI Note, to CVI, in the amount of 77. Also
on March 14, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company paid, to CVI, an extension fee in the
amount of 30,000. On March 24, 2023, the Company paid to CVI an extension fee in the amount
of 20,000. As of March 24, 2023, the CVI Note was paid in full and no amounts remain due and outstanding in respect of the CVI Note. 

Share
Issuances in Connection with Warrant Exercises 

Subsequent to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022,
the Company issued an aggregate of 3,910,000 shares of common stock to certain warrant holders upon exercise of their warrants related
to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401) declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission
on October 13, 2022. 

Share
Issuances in Connection with Note Conversions 

Subsequent to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022,
the Company issued an aggregate of 94,185,340 shares of common stock to certain note holders upon conversion of their notes. As of March
31, 2023, (i) the principal balance owed by the Company to Hudson Bay pursuant to the senior secured convertible note, dated as of December
14, 2021, as amended, issued by the Company to Hudson Bay is 0, (ii) the principal balance owed by the Company to CVI pursuant to
the senior secured convertible note, dated as of December 14, 2021, as amended, issued by the Company to CVI is 0; and (iii) the principal
balance owed by the Company to Jefferson pursuant to the secured convertible note, dated as of November 17, 2021, as amended, issued by
the Company to Jefferson is 0. 

Share
Issuance in Exchange for Certain NHL Non-Voting Special Shares 

Subsequent
to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022, the Company issued 3,202,019 shares of common stock in exchange for certain non-voting special
shares of NHL, previously issued in connection with NHL s acquisition of Acenzia that closed on June 24, 2021. 

Nasdaq
Notification Minimum Bid Price Requirement 

On
November 21, 2022, the Company received a notification letter (the November Notification Letter from The Nasdaq Stock
Market, LLC Nasdaq that it is not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirements set forth in Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5550(a)(2) for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) requires listed securities to
maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share, and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) provides that a failure to meet the minimum
bid price requirement exists if the deficiency continues for a period of 30 consecutive business days. Based on the closing bid
price of the Company s common stock between October 10, 2022 and November 11, 2022, the Company no longer meets the minimum
bid price requirement. The November Notification Letter has no immediate effect on the listing or trading of the Company s
common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market and, at this time, the common stock will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbol NVOS. 

104 

The
November Notification Letter provides that the Company has 180 calendar days, or until May 22, 2023, to regain compliance with
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). To regain compliance, the bid price of the Company s common stock must have a closing bid
price of at least 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days. If the Company does not regain compliance by May
22, 2023, an additional 180 days may be granted to regain compliance, so long as the Company meets The Nasdaq Capital Market
continued listing requirements (except for the bid price requirement) and notifies Nasdaq in writing of its intention to cure the
deficiency during the second compliance period. If the Company does not qualify for the second compliance period or fails to regain
compliance during the second 180-day period, then Nasdaq will notify the Company of its determination to delist the Company s
common stock, at which point the Company will have an opportunity to appeal the delisting determination to a hearings
panel. 

The
Company intends to monitor the closing bid price of its common stock and will consider implementing available options to regain compliance
with the minimum bid price requirement under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

Information
Statement on Schedule 14C 

On
January 4, 2023, the Company filed with the SEC a definitive information statement on Schedule 14C (the 14C ). The 14C relates
to the notice to stockholders concerning the approval by written consent of stockholders holding a majority of the Company s issued
and outstanding voting securities (the Majority Stockholders of the effectuation of the transactions provided for in each
exchange offer and amendment entered into on November 14, 2022 by the Company (the Exchange Offers and Amendments with
CVI and Hudson Bay, including but not limited to the following amendments to the senior secured convertible notes, dated as of December
14, 2021, issued by the Company to CVI and Hudson (the Notes ): 

(i)
the definition of Conversion Price (as defined in the Notes) (the Conversion Price shall be amended such that, as to the
first 1,000,000 of principal amount of each of the Notes converted after the date that shareholder approval is obtained, the Conversion
Price shall be the lower of (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time and (ii) 82.0 of the lowest VWAP (as defined in Notes) during
the five trading days immediately prior to the applicable conversion date (the Adjusted Conversion Price ), provided, however,
that the portion of the first 1,000,000 of principal amount of each of the Notes that is converted pursuant to a voluntary conversion
by the holders of each of the Notes shall reduce each of the remaining Amortization Redemption Amounts proportionately on a pro rata
basis; 

(ii)
Each of the holders of the Notes may accelerate up to four Amortization Redemption Amounts (as defined in the Notes) provided that such
holder agrees to accept shares of Common Stock instead of cash for such payments at a price per share equal to the Adjusted Conversion
Price as calculated on the immediately preceding Amortization Date (as defined in the Notes)); and 

(iii)
upon mutual consent by the Company and each of the holders of the Notes, such holder may elect to utilize the Adjusted Conversion Price
for the balance of the Notes. 

Accordingly,
the Majority Stockholders approved, by written consent, the issuance of the total number of shares of Company common stock of the Company
necessary to effectuate the Exchange Offers and Amendments, which is currently an indeterminate number due to the methodology of the
conversion pricing as described herein and in the Exchange Offers and Amendments. 

Stockholder
approval of the Exchange Offers and Amendments was required by Rule 5635(d) of The Nasdaq Stock Market, which requires stockholder approval
prior to a 20 issuance of securities at a price that is less than the Minimum Price (as defined in the information statement) in a transaction
other than a public offering. A 20 issuance is a transaction, other than a public offering, involving the sale, issuance or potential
issuance by the company of common stock (or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock), which alone or together with
sales by officers, directors or substantial stockholders of the company, equals 20 or more of the common stock or 20 or more of the
voting power outstanding before the issuance. 

Such
approval and consent by the Majority Stockholders constitute the approval and consent of a majority of the total number of shares of
the Company s outstanding voting stock and is sufficient under the Nevada Revised Statutes, the Company s Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation, as amended, and the Company s Bylaws to approve the Exchange Offers and Amendments. Accordingly, the
actions will not be submitted to the other stockholders of the Company for a vote, and the information statement has been furnished to
such other stockholders to provide them with certain information concerning the actions in accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, and the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act, including Regulation 14C. 

105 

Jefferson
Street Letter Agreement 

As
previously disclosed, on June 1, 2022, the Company and Jefferson agreed to extend the maturity date of the Jefferson Note to November
29, 2022 with a principal amount face value of 937,500 and interest rate that shall accrue at a rate equal to 1 per annum. On December
2, 2022, the Company made a partial payment of 199,980 toward principal and interest owed on the Jefferson Note, leaving a balance of
 746,875. On December 13, 2022, the Company, Terra and Jefferson entered into a letter agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the letter
agreement, Jefferson agreed to forbear from entering an event of default under the terms of the Jefferson Note and related transaction
documents until December 29, 2022. In addition, the parties agreed to release the Collateral Shares to Jefferson. Effective February 16, 2023, the Jefferson Note has been paid in full. 

Nasdaq
Notification Delinquent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q Filings 

On
December 15, 2022, the Company received a notification letter (the December Notification Letter from Nasdaq that it is
not in compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing rules due to its failure to timely file its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 (the 2022 10-K ). On January 25, 2023, the Company received a notification letter (the
 January Notification Letter from Nasdaq advising the Company that it was not in compliance with Nasdaq s continued
listing requirements as a result of its failure to timely file the 2022 10-K and its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
ended November 30, 2022 (the Form 10-Q ). On February 13, 2023, the Company submitted a plan to regain compliance with Nasdaq s
continued listing rules with the respect to the Form 10-K and the Form 10-Q. If Nasdaq accepts the Company s plan, then Nasdaq
may grant an exception of up to 180 calendar days from the due date of the Form 10-K, or until June 12, 2023, to regain compliance. 

SwagCheck
Agreement 

On
December 23, 2022, the Company, SwagCheck Inc. SWAG ), and all SWAG shareholders (collectively, the SWAG Shareholders entered into that certain Share Purchase Agreement (the SWAG Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the SWAG Agreement, the
Company agreed to purchase, and the SWAG Shareholders agreed to sell to the Company, 100 of the outstanding shares of SWAG in exchange
for 1.00 (the SWAG Purchase ). SWAG holds a specific right of purchase of a precious gem collection (the Gems as provided for in an agreement between SWAG and a Court-appointed Successor Receiver for the United States District Court for the Central
District of California (the Receiver ). 

The
parties have made customary representations, warranties and covenants in the SWAG Agreement. In addition to certain customary closing
conditions, the obligations of SWAG and the SWAG Shareholders to consummate the closing of the SWAG Purchase are subject to the satisfaction
(or waiver by any of SWAG or the SWAG Shareholders), at or before the closing date, of certain conditions, including that (i) the Company
will have received a financing commitment of at least 90 million by December 27, 2022, with a closing date no later than December 30,
2022, (ii) 60 million will be distributed directly to a Receiver for the purchase of the Gems by SWAG, and (iii) 30 million is a Mark-up
to be distributed for the benefit of the outgoing SWAG Shareholders. 

In
addition to certain customary closing conditions in the SWAG Agreement, the obligations of SWAG and the SWAG Shareholders to consummate
the closing of the SWAG Purchase were subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by any of SWAG or the SWAG Shareholders), at or before the
closing date, of certain conditions, including that (i) the Company will have provided SWAG with a binding letter of intent (a LOI by a competent financing party for financing in the amount of at least 90 million by December 27, 2022 with a closing date no later
than December 30, 2022, (ii) 60 million will be distributed directly to the Receiver for the purchase of the Gems by SWAG, and (iii)
 30 million is a mark-up to be distributed for the benefit of the outgoing SWAG Shareholders. 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company, SWAG and the SWAG Shareholders entered into Amendment No. 1 to the SWAG Agreement (the SWAG Amendment ).
Pursuant to the terms of the SWAG Amendment, the parties agreed as follows: 

The closing
 of the SWAG Purchase will occur no later than January 10, 2023, with all contemplated extensions being subject to the Receiver s
 stipulations, conditions, and limitations. 

The condition for the Company
 to provide SWAG with a binding LOI has been deleted. 

A total of 92 million
 will be distributed as follows: (i) 60 million will be distributed to the Receiver for the purchase of the Gems by SWAG, and (ii)
 a 32 million mark-up will be distributed directly for the benefit of the outgoing SWAG Shareholders. 

Although
the SWAG Agreement has not yet closed, the parties continue to work together with the intention of closing the transaction. Following
the closing of SWAG Purchase, SWAG will be a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and will own title to the Gems, which the Company
intends to either collateralize or sell to raise capital. 

Mast Hill Securities Purchase
Agreement Note 

On February 23, 2023, the
Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Mast Hill SPA with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. Mast Hill ),
pursuant to which the Company issued an 12 unsecured promissory note (the Mast Hill Note with a maturity date of February
23, 2024 (the Mast Hill Maturity Date ), in the principal sum of 573,000 (the Mast Hill Principal Sum ). In
addition, the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant for the purchase of up to 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common
stock (the Mast Hill Warrant to Mast Hill pursuant to the Mast Hill SPA. Pursuant to the terms of the Mast Hill Note, the
Company agreed to pay the Mast Hill Principal Sum to Mast Hill and to pay interest on the principal balance at the rate of 12 per annum.
The Mast Hill Note carries an OID of 57,300. Accordingly, on the closing date, Mast Hill paid the purchase price of 515,700 in exchange
for the Mast Hill Note and the Mast Hill Warrant. Mast Hill may convert the Mast Hill Note into shares of the Company s common stock
at any time at a conversion price equal to 0.175 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the Mast Hill Note (including but not
limited to certain price protection provisions in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions)
as well as certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

106 

Pursuant to the terms of
the Mast Hill Note, the Company agreed to pay accrued interest monthly as well as the Mast Hill Principal Sum as follows: (i) 57,300
on August 23, 2023, (ii) 57,300 on September 23, 2023, (iii) 57,300 on October 23, 2023, (iv) 100,000 on November 23, 2023, (v) 100,000
on December 23, 2023, (vi) 100,000 on January 23, 2023, and (vii) all remaining amounts owed under the Mast Hill Note on the Mast Hill
Maturity Date (each of the aforementioned payments are an Amortization Payment ). If the Company fails to make any Amortization
Payment, then Mast Hill shall have the right to convert the amount of such respective Amortization Payment into shares of common stock
as provided in the Mast Hill Note at the lesser of (i) the then applicable conversion price under the Mast Hill Note, or (ii) 85 of the
lowest VWAP of the Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading days prior to the respective conversion date. 

The Company may prepay the
Mast Hill Note at any time prior to the date that an Event of Default (as defined in the Mast Hill Note) occurs at an amount equal to
the Mast Hill Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus 750 for administrative fees.
The Mast Hill Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults, breach of representations and
warranties, and breach of provisions of the Mast Hill Note, Mast Hill Warrant, or Mast Hill SPA. 

Upon the occurrence of any
Event of Default, the Mast Hill Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Mast Hill, in full satisfaction
of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Mast Hill Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued interest multiplied by 125 .
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from the date of the Event of Default at the rate equal to
the lower of 16 per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The Mast Hill Warrant is
exercisable for five years from February 23, 2023, at an exercise price of 0.25 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the Mast
Hill Warrant. The Mast Hill Warrant also contains certain cashless exercise provisions as well as price protection provisions providing
for adjustment of the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Mast Hill Warrant and the exercise
price in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions. 

As additional
consideration for the purchase of the Mast Hill Note and pursuant to the terms of the Mast Hill SPA, on February 24, 2023, the
Company issued 955,000 restricted shares of common stock (the Commitment Shares to Mast Hill at closing. The Mast
Hill SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject to
certain exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the Commitment Shares as well as the shares of common stock
underlying the Mast Hill Note and the Mast Hill Warrant. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the Mast
Hill Note and the Mast Hill Warrant, the sum of the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the Mast Hill SPA
(including the Commitment Shares), the Mast Hill Note, and the Mast Hill Warrant shall be limited to 19.99 of the issued and
outstanding common stock on the closing date (equal to 27,720,448 shares) as further described in the Mast Hill SPA, unless
shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is obtained by the Company. 

On
March 23, 2023, the Company made a monthly interest-only payment to Mast Hill in the amount of 5,086. 

March
2023 FirstFire Securities Purchase Agreement, Note Warrant 

On
March 21, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the SPA with FirstFire, pursuant to which the
Company issued an 12 unsecured promissory note (the 2023 FirstFire Note with a maturity date of March 21, 2024, in the
principal sum of 573,000 (the Principal Sum ). In addition, the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant for the
purchase of up to 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock (the 2023 FirstFire Warrant to FirstFire pursuant
to the SPA. Pursuant to the terms of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the Company agreed to pay the Principal Sum to FirstFire and to pay interest
on the principal balance at the rate of 12 per annum. The 2023 FirstFire Note carries an OID of 57,300. Accordingly, on the closing
date, FirstFire paid the purchase price of 515,700 in exchange for the 2023 FirstFire Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. FirstFire
may convert the 2023 FirstFire Note into the Company s common stock at any time at a conversion price equal to 0.175 per share,
subject to adjustment as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Note (including but not limited to certain price protection provisions in case
of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions) as well as certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the Company agreed to pay accrued interest monthly as well as the Principal Sum as follows:
(i) 57,300 on September 21, 2023, (ii) 57,300 on October 21, 2023, (iii) 57,300 on November 21, 2023, (iv) 100,000 on December 21,
2023, (v) 100,000 on January 21, 2024, (vi) 100,000 on February 21, 2024, and (vii) all remaining amounts owed under the 2023 FirstFire
Note on the maturity date (each of the aforementioned payments are an Amortization Payment ). If the Company fails to make
any Amortization Payment, then FirstFire shall have the right to convert the amount of such respective Amortization Payment into shares
of common stock as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Note at the lesser of (i) the then applicable conversion price under the 2023 FirstFire
Note or (ii) 85 of the lowest VWAP of the Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading days prior to the
respective conversion date. 

The
Company may prepay the 2023 FirstFire Note at any time prior to the date that an event of default (as provided in the 2023 FirstFire
Note) occurs at an amount equal to the Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus 750
for administrative fees. The 2023 FirstFire Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults,
breach of representations and warranties, and breach of provisions of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the 2023 FirstFire Warrant, or SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any event of default, the 2023 FirstFire Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to
FirstFire, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued interest
multiplied by 125 (the Default Amount ). Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from
the date of the Event of Default at the rate equal to the lower of 16 per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The
2023 FirstFire Warrant is exercisable for five years from March 21, 2023, at an exercise price of 0.25 per share, subject to adjustment
as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. The 2023 FirstFire Warrant also contains certain cashless exercise provisions as well as price
protection provisions providing for adjustment of the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the 2023 FirstFire Warrants
and the exercise price in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions. 

As
additional consideration for the purchase of the 2023 FirstFire Note and pursuant to the terms of the SPA, on March 22, 2023, the
Company issued 955,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Commitment Shares to FirstFire at
closing. The SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and
subject to certain exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the Commitment Shares as well as the shares of common
stock underlying the 2023 FirstFire Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations
provided in the 2023 FirstFire Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant, the sum of the number of shares of common stock that may be
issued under the SPA (including the Commitment Shares), the 2023 FirstFire Note, and 2023 FirstFire Warrant shall be limited to
10,000,000 shares as further described in the SPA, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is obtained by the
Company. 

107 

For
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 

Revenues for the year ended August 31, 2022 were 11,737,937,
representing an increase of 2,432,682, or 26 , from 9,305,255 for the same period in 2021. The increase in revenue is principally due
to an increase in product sales which resulted in an increase in revenue of 756,428. Acenzia s and Terragenx s revenue for
the year ended August 31, 2022 was 3,067,772 and 266,635, respectively. Revenue from our healthcare services decreased by 5.2 , when
comparing the revenue for the year ended August 31, 2022 to the same period in 2021, primarily due to a COVID-19 surge in Ontario province
Canada and COVID-19 staffing related shortages limiting clinic and eldercare patient-practitioner direct personal interaction. 

Cost
of revenues for the year ended August 31, 2022 were 6,938,699, representing an increase of 1,456,442 or 27 , from 5,482,257 for
the same period in 2021. The increase was principally due to the increase in revenues. Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenue was
59 for the year ended August 31, 2022 and 59 for same period in 2021. 

Operating costs for the year ended August 31, 2022
were 29,825,915, representing an increase of 21,629,398, or 264 , from 8,196,517 for the same period in 2021. The increase in operating
costs is principally due to (i) the increase in overhead expenses associated with the operations of Acenzia, PRO-DIP, and Terragenx, and
(ii) an increase in the impairment of intangible assets and goodwill. 

Other
expense for the year ended August 31, 2022 was 8,040,803, representing an increase of 7,943,387, or 8154 , from other expense of 97,416
for the same period in 2021. The increase is due to issuance of convertible notes for 1,875,000 in November 2021 and 16,666,666 in
December 2021, as well as the amortization of the debt discounts associated with the convertible notes. 

Net loss attributed to Novo Integrated Sciences for
the year ended August 31, 2022 was 32,849,215, representing an increase of 28,387,068, or 636 , from 4,462,147 for the same period
in 2021. The increase in net loss is principally due to (i) an increase in impairment of intangible assets, (ii) an increase in the amortization
of debt discount, (iii) an increase in the impairment of goodwill, (iv) an increase in depreciation amortization, (v) an increase in interest
expense, and (vi) an increase in overhead expenses associated with the operations of Acenzia, PRO-DIP, and Terragenx. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
shown in the accompanying financial statements, for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has had net losses of
 33,045,178 and 4,470,935, respectively. 

During
the year ended August 31, 2022, the Company used cash in operating activities of 5,884,145 compared to 1,024,802 for the same period
in 2021. The principal reason for the increase in cash used in operating activities is changes in noncash expenses and changes in operating
asset and liability accounts. 

During
the year ended August 31, 2022, the Company s cash provided by investing activities was 163,459 compared to 2,999,122 for the same period
in 2021. During 2022, the Company (i) acquired cash of 57,489 with the acquisitions, and (ii) purchased property and equipment for 190,168.
During the period in 2022, the Company collected other receivable of 296,138. 

During
the year ended August 31, 2022, the Company used cash in financing activities of 427,117 compared to cash provided by financing
activities of 4,316,862 for the same period in 2021. The primary reason for the change is the receipt of 15,270,000 in cash from
the issuance of convertible notes, net of issuance costs, and 16,600 received from related parties, offset by the repayments of
 5,104,167 for convertible notes, 10,591,115 for notes payable, and 18,435 for finance
leases. 

108 

On
October 12, 2019, the Company accepted a 75,328 subscription agreement from an accredited investor residing outside the United States
for the sale of 235,400 restricted shares of the Company s common stock, resulting in an effective price per share of 0.32. The
shares were issued on October 15, 2019. The issuance of shares of common stock was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act in reliance upon Regulation S promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act. The issuances involved offers and sales of securities outside
the United States. The offers and sales were made in offshore transactions and no directed selling efforts were made by the issuer, a
distributor, their affiliates or any persons acting on their behalf. 

On
October 19, 2019, the Company accepted a 38,071 subscription agreement from an accredited investor residing outside the United States
for the sale of 118,969 restricted shares of the Company s common stock, resulting in an effective price per share of 0.32. The
shares were issued on October 22, 2019. The issuance of shares of common stock was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act in reliance upon Regulation S promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act. The issuances involved offers and sales of securities outside
the United States. The offers and sales were made in offshore transactions and no directed selling efforts were made by the issuer, a
distributor, their affiliates or any persons acting on their behalf. 

On
September 24, 2020, the Company accepted a 92,000 subscription agreement from an accredited investor residing outside the United States
for the sale of 21,905 restricted shares of the Company s common stock, resulting in an effective price per share of 4.20. The
shares were issued on September 24, 2020. The issuance of shares of common stock was exempt from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act in reliance upon Regulation S promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act. The issuances involved offers and sales of securities
outside the United States. The offers and sales were made in offshore transactions and no directed selling efforts were made by the issuer,
a distributor, their affiliates or any persons acting on their behalf. 

On
February 9, 2021, the Company received 12,000 as a result of a stock option for 7,500 options being exercised at a per option price
of 1.60. The 7,500 shares issued for this option were registered on a Form S-8 filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on January 25, 2018 (Commission File No. 333-222686). The Shares were issued on March 1, 2021. 

On
April 13, 2021, the Company sold 2,388,050 shares of common stock under the terms and conditions of a Securities Purchase Agreement,
dated April 9, 2021, in a registered direct offering for an agreed upon purchase price of 3.35 per share resulting in gross proceeds
of 7,999,968. The Company incurred offering cost of 764,388 associated with this offering resulting in net proceeds of 7,235,580.
The shares were issued on April 13, 2021. 

Financial
Impact of COVID-19 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) emerged in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China. On March 17, 2020, as a result of COVID-19
pandemic having been reported throughout both Canada and the United States, certain national, provincial, state and local governmental
authorities issued proclamations and/or directives aimed at minimizing the spread of COVID-19. Accordingly, on March 17, 2020, the Company
closed all corporate clinics for all in-clinic non-essential services to protect the health and safety of its employees, partners, and
patients. Commencing in May 2020, the Company was able to begin providing some services, and was fully operational again in June 2020.
As of August 31, 2022, all corporate clinics were open and fully operational, with staffing shortages in some facilities due to ongoing
COVID-19 residual impact, while following all mandated guidelines and protocols from Health Canada, the Ontario Ministry of Health, and
the respective disciplines regulatory Colleges to ensure a safe treatment environment for our staff and clients, and our eldercare
operations are fully operational. In addition, Acenzia, Terragenx, PRO-DIP, and CCI are open and fully operational, with staffing shortages
due to ongoing COVID-19 residual impact, while following all local, state, provincial, and national guidelines and protocols related
to minimizing the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Canadian
federal and provincial COVID-19 governmental proclamations and directives, including interprovincial travel restrictions, have presented
unprecedented challenges to launching both our Harvest Gold Farms and Kainai Cooperative joint ventures which relate to the development,
management, and arrangement of medicinal farming projects involving industrial hemp for medicinal Cannabidiol (CBD) applications. During
the three-month period ended August 31, 2022, as part of the Company s Kainai Cooperative joint venture, the Company has commenced
a pilot program, on approximately 100 acres, which involves the growth and harvest of industrial hemp for the purpose of extraction.
The Harvest Gold Farms joint venture has not commenced as of August 31, 2022. 

109 

For
the fiscal year period ended August 31, 2022, the Company s total revenue from all clinic and eldercare related contracted services
was 8,397,857, representing a 5.2 decrease of 459,836 compared to 8,857,693 during the fiscal year period in 2021. This decrease is
primarily due to a COVID-19 surge in Ontario province Canada and COVID-19 staffing related shortages limiting clinic and eldercare patient-practitioner
direct personal interaction. 

While
all of the Company s business units are operational at the time of this filing, any future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the
Company s operations remains unknown and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted
with confidence, including, but not limited to, (i) the duration of the COVID-19 outbreak and additional variants that may be identified,
(ii) new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, and (iii) any additional preventative and protective
actions that governments, or the Company, may direct, which may result in an extended period of continued business disruption, reduced
patient traffic, and reduced operations. 

Our
capital requirements going forward will consist of financing our operations until we are able to reach a level of revenues and gross
margins adequate to equal or exceed our ongoing operating expenses. We do not have any credit agreement or source of liquidity immediately
available to us. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources
that is material to investors. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S.
GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

We
believe that the following critical policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in preparation of our financial
statements. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company regularly evaluates estimates
and assumptions. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience, and various other factors that
it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. This applies in particular
to useful lives of non-current assets, impairment of non-current assets, allowance for doubtful accounts, allowance for slow moving and
obsolete inventory, and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. The actual results experienced by the Company may differ materially
and adversely from the Company s estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results,
future results of operations will be affected. 

110 

Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment are stated at cost less depreciation and impairment. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as
incurred; additions, renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the
related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is included in operations. Depreciation
of property and equipment is provided using the declining balance method for substantially all assets with estimated lives as follows: 

Building 
 30 years 

Leasehold improvements 
 5 years 

Clinical equipment 
 5 years 

Computer equipment 
 3 years 

Office equipment 
 5 years 

Furniture and fixtures 
 5 years 

The
Company has not changed its estimate for the useful lives of its property and equipment, but would expect that a decrease in the estimated
useful lives of property and equipment of 20 would result in an annual increase to depreciation expense of approximately 175,530, and
an increase in the estimated useful lives of property and equipment of 20 would result in an annual decrease to depreciation expense
of approximately 117,020. 

Intangible
Assets 

The
Company s intangible assets are being amortized over their estimated useful lives as follows: 

Land use rights 
 50 years (the lease period) 

Software license 
 7 years 

Intellectual property 
 7 years 

Customer relationships 
 5 years 

Brand names 
 7 years 

The
intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed for impairment when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted
cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets carrying amounts. In that event, a loss is recognized
based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the long-lived assets. The Company has not changed its estimate
for the useful lives of its intangible assets but would expect that a decrease in the estimated useful lives of intangible assets of
20 would result in an annual increase to amortization expense of approximately 532,792, and an increase in the estimated useful lives
of intangible assets of 20 would result in an annual decrease to amortization expense of approximately 355,195. 

Long-Lived
Assets 

The
Company applies the provisions of ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment , which addresses financial accounting and reporting
for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets. ASC 360 requires impairment losses to be recorded on long-lived assets, including
right-of-use assets, used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated
by those assets are less than the assets carrying amounts. In that event, a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the
carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar
manner, except that fair values are reduced for the cost of disposal. 

Right-of-use
Assets 

The
Company s right-of-use assets consist of leased assets recognized in accordance with ASC 842, Leases, which requires lessees
to recognize a lease liability and a corresponding lease asset for virtually all lease contracts. Right-of-use assets represent the Company s
right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liability represents the Company s obligation to make lease payments
arising from the lease, both of which are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term
at the commencement date. Leases with a lease term of 12 months or less at inception are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet
and are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The
Company determines the lease term by agreement with lessor. In cases where the lease does not provide an implicit interest rate, the
Company uses the Company s incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the
present value of future payments. 

111 

Goodwill 

Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over
the underlying net assets of businesses acquired. Under U.S. GAAP, goodwill is not amortized but is subject to annual impairment tests.
The Company recorded goodwill related to its acquisition of APKA Health, Inc. APKA during the fiscal year ended August
31, 2017, Executive Fitness Leaders EFL during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018, Action Plus Physiotherapy Rockland Rockland during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, Acenzia, Inc. Acenzia during fiscal year ended
August 31, 2021, and 12858461 Canada Corp. 1285 ), and Fairway Physiotherapy and Sports Injury Clinic Fairway during fiscal year ended August 31, 2022. As of August 31, 2022, the Company performed the required impairment reviews and determined
that an impairment charge of 1,357,043 (2021- 99,351) related to goodwill was necessary. The impairment was determined based on the
fair value of the acquired business, which was estimated based on a discounted cash flow valuation model and the projected future cash
flows of the underlying business. 

Accounts
Receivable 

Accounts
Receivable are recorded, net of allowance for doubtful accounts and sales returns. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable
and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentration, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends, and changes in customer
payment patterns to determine if the allowance for doubtful accounts is adequate. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection
of the full amount is no longer probable. Delinquent account balances are written-off after management has determined that the likelihood
of collection is not probable and known bad debts are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when identified. The Company
has not changed its methodology for estimating allowance for doubtful accounts and historically the change in estimate has not been significant
to the Company s financial statements. If there is a deterioration of the Company s customers ability to pay or if
future write-offs of receivables differ from those currently anticipated, the Company may have to adjust its allowance for doubtful accounts,
which would affect earnings in the period the adjustments are made. 

Inventory 

Inventories
are valued at the lower of cost (determined by the first in, first out method) and net realizable value. Management compares the cost
of inventories with the net realizable value and allowance is made for writing down their inventories to net realizable value, if lower.
Inventory is segregated into three areas: raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods. The Company periodically assessed its inventory
for slow moving and/or obsolete items and any change in the allowance is recorded in cost of revenue in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss. If any are identified an appropriate allowance for those items is made and/or the items
are deemed to be impaired. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes . ASC 740 requires a company to use the asset
and liability method of accounting for income taxes, whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences,
and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the
opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion, or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. The Company has not
changed it methodology for estimating the valuation allowance. A change in valuation allowance affect earnings in the period the adjustments
are made and could be significant due to the large valuation allowance currently established. 

Under
ASC 740, a tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained
in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that
is greater than 50 likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test,
no tax benefit is recorded. The Company has no material uncertain tax positions for any of the reporting periods presented. 

112 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company s revenue recognition reflects the updated accounting policies as per the requirements of ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers Topic 606 ). As sales are and have been primarily from providing healthcare services the Company
has no significant post-delivery obligations. 

Revenue
from providing healthcare and healthcare related services and product sales are recognized under Topic 606 in a manner that reasonably
reflects the delivery of its products and services to customers in return for expected consideration and includes the following elements: 

executed
 contracts with the Company s customers that it believes are legally enforceable; 

identification
 of performance obligations in the respective contract; 

determination of the transaction
 price for each performance obligation in the respective contract; 

allocation the transaction
 price to each performance obligation; and 

recognition of revenue
 only when the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 

These
five elements, as applied to the Company s revenue category, are summarized below: 

Healthcare and healthcare
 related services - gross service revenue is recorded in the accounting records at the time the services are provided (point-in-time)
 on an accrual basis at the provider s established rates. The Company reserves a provision for contractual adjustment and discounts
 that are deducted from gross service revenue. The Company reports revenues net of any sales, use and value added taxes. 

Product sales - revenue
 is recorded at the point of time of delivery 

In arrangements
where another party is involved in providing specified services to a customer, the Company evaluates whether it is the principal or agent.
In this evaluation, the Company considers if the Company obtains control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred
to the customer, as well as other indicators such as the party primarily responsible for fulfillment, inventory risk, and discretion
in establishing price. For product sales where the Company is not the principal, the Company recognizes revenue on a net basis. For the
periods presented, revenue for arrangements where the Company is the agent was not material. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company records stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . FASB
ASC Topic 718 requires companies to measure compensation cost for stock-based employee compensation at fair value at the grant date and
recognize the expense over the requisite service period. The Company recognizes in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss the grant-date fair value of stock options and other equity-based compensation issued to employees and non-employees. 

Basic
and Diluted Earnings Per Share 

Earnings
per share is calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . Basic earnings per share EPS is
based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted EPS assumes that all dilutive securities are converted. Dilution
is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method, options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning
of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later), and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average
market price during the period. 

Foreign
Currency Transactions and Comprehensive Income 

U.S.
GAAP generally requires recognized revenue, expenses, gains and losses be included in net income. Certain statements, however,
require entities to report specific changes in assets and liabilities, such as gain or loss on foreign currency translation, as a
separate component of the equity section of the balance sheet. Such items, along with net income, are components of comprehensive
income. The functional currency of the Company s Canadian subsidiaries is the Canadian dollar and the functional currency of the Parent is the United States. dollar. Translation gains (losses) are
classified as an item of other comprehensive income in the stockholders equity section of the balance sheet. 

113 

New
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments . ASU 2016-13 was issued to improve financial reporting by requiring earlier recognition of credit losses on financing
receivables and other financial assets in scope. The new standard represents significant changes to accounting for credit losses. Full
lifetime expected credit losses will be recognized upon initial recognition of an asset in scope. The current incurred loss impairment
model that recognizes losses when a probable threshold is met will be replaced with the expected credit loss impairment method without
recognition threshold. The expected credit losses estimate will be based upon historical information, current conditions, and reasonable
and supportable forecasts. This ASU as amended by ASU 2019-10, is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023. The Company
is currently evaluating the effect of this ASU on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes which amends ASC 740 Income Taxes 
(ASC 740). This update is intended to simplify accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles in
ASC 740 and amending existing guidance to improve consistent application of ASC 740. This update is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2021. The guidance in this update has various elements, some of which are applied on a prospective basis and others
on a retrospective basis with earlier application permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect of this ASU on the Company s
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
May, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50),
Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic
815-40):Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options. 
This update provides guidance for a modification or an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option that is not within
the scope of another Topic. This update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021. The Company is currently evaluating
the effect of this ASU on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued guidance that simplifies the accounting for debt with conversion options, revises the criteria for applying
the derivative scope exception for contracts in an entity s own equity, and improves the consistency for the calculation of earnings
per share. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2021, our fiscal 2023. 

In
March 2020, the FASB issued guidance providing optional expedients and exceptions to account for the effects of reference rate reform
to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued.
The optional guidance, which became effective on March 12, 2020 and can be applied through December 21, 2022, has not impacted our consolidated
financial statements. The Company has various contracts that reference LIBOR and is assessing how this standard may be applied to specific
contract modifications through December 31, 2022. 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards could have a material effect on the accompanying
financial statements. As new accounting pronouncements are issued, we will adopt those that are applicable under the circumstances. 

Recent
accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the SEC did not or are not believed
by management to have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

114 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

NOVO
INTEGRATED SCIENCES, INC. 

 Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Contents 

Page

Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm
 ID 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID 
 F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended August 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended August 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended August 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

115 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and its subsidiaries the Company as of August 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and
cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2022, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has recurring losses from operations, negative cash flows, and an accumulated deficit as of
August 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 1 

Impairment
of Goodwill Intangibles 

Description
of the Critical Audit Matter 

As
discussed in Note 2 and 8 to the financial statements, the Company annually assesses goodwill for impairment. The company periodically
reviews its intangible assets if any impairment indicators arise. The company recorded impairment charges for both goodwill and intangible
assets during the year. 

Evaluation
of impairment of goodwill and intangibles involves significant complexity and judgement due to management s significant estimations
required to determine the fair value of goodwill, intangibles and any impairment. In particular, the fair value estimate was sensitive
to significant assumptions, such as the Company s financial forecast, discount rates, and historical and future operating costs,
which are all impacted by expectations about future market and economic conditions. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
principal audit procedures to evaluate management s evaluation of goodwill and intangibles included, among other procedures, the
following: 

We
 performed analysis on discounted cash flow projections on each entity with goodwill and intangible assets. 

We
 analyzed the significant estimates which included assessment of methodologies and tested the significant assumptions and underlying
 data used by the Company in its analysis. 

We
 performed an assessment of the current financial forecast in light of management s current plans, and the historical basis
 of management s estimates and assumptions based on its current operating results. 

Business
Combinations acquisitions 

Descriptions
of the Critical Audit Matter 

As
discussed in Note 16 to the financial statements, the Company acquired several businesses throughout the year. 

The
acquisition of businesses involves significant complexity and judgement in applying the relevant accounting standards when auditing management s
acquisition accounting and purchase price allocations. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
principal audit procedures to evaluate management s evaluation of business combinations acquisitions included, among other
procedures, the following: 

We
 obtained and reviewed acquisition agreements, board minutes, closing agreements and performed GAAP analysis to determine reasonableness
 of acquisition dates and whether acquisitions qualified for business combination accounting. 

We
 tested the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, purchase consideration, and allocations of identifiable intangible
 assets and goodwill. 

We
 evaluated whether management had considered new information subsequent to acquisition that could significantly change the purchase
 price allocation and any related contingent liability. 

Revenue
Recognition principal vs agent 

Descriptions
of the Critical Audit Matter 

As
discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company primarily provides healthcare services and product sales. Revenue is recognized
at a point in time when performance obligations have been met and when the Company is reasonably sure of collections. 

The
determination of the Company s role as principal or agent in certain product sales involves significant complexity and judgement
in applying the relevant accounting standards when auditing management s ASC 606 methodologies and conclusions. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
principal audit procedures to evaluate management s determination over whether sales were made as principal or agent include, among
other procedures the following: 

We
 obtained and reviewed management s ASC 606 methodology and analysis which included a determination of the parties that were
 acting as principal or agent for certain product sales throughout the year. 

We
 performed our own independent ASC 606 analysis which included analysis over the company s sales, inventory and credit risks
 and control of the specified goods prior to customer delivery to determine whether the company was acting as principal or agent for
 certain product sales throughout the year. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

April
3, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Novo
Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of
August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and
cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended August 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively, the financial statements).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August
31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended August 31,
2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 3 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm to the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. (Continued) 

Business
acquisitions 

Description
of the Critical Audit Matter 

As
discussed in Note 15 to the financial statements, the Company acquired certain businesses during the year ended August 31, 2021. 

Auditing
business combinations were complex and highly judgmental due to the justification of business and significant estimation required to
determine the fair value of assets acquired / liabilities assumed, the purchase consideration conveyed and the resulting intangible assets
and goodwill recognized, and the significant judgment by management when estimating the fair value of the acquisition related contingent
consideration liability. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

To
audit the accounting of the business combination transactions, we evaluated the justification of business acquisition from management
to ensure the compliance with U.S. GAAP; and we reviewed the fair value calculation of assets acquired / liabilities assumed, the purchase
consideration conveyed and the resulting intangible assets and goodwill recognized and valuation expert s report that included
methodology and assumptions used and assessed those inputs to be reasonable, testing management s process for determining the fair
value of the acquisition related contingent consideration liability, and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data
used in the fair value calculation. 

Impairment
of Intangible Assets and Goodwill 

Description
of the Critical Audit Matter 

As
discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company recorded impairment charges on goodwill during the year ended August 31,
2021. 

Auditing
management s goodwill and intangible assets impairment test was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation
required to determine the fair value of the intangible assets and goodwill and underlying reporting unit. In particular, the fair value
estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions, such as the Company s financial forecast, discount rate, and operating costs,
which are impacted by expectations about future market and economic conditions. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

To
test the estimated fair value of the Company s intangible assets and goodwill and underlying reporting unit, we performed audit
procedures that included, among other things, assessing methodologies and testing the significant assumptions discussed above and the
underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. In addition, we assessed the current financial forecast in light of management s
current plans, and we assessed the historical basis of management s estimates based on its current operating results that would
result from changes in the assumptions. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 
 
 December
 14, 2021 
 CHARTERED
 PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANTS 
 Authorized
 to practice public accounting by the 
 Chartered
Professional Accountants of Ontario 

F- 4 

NOVO
INTEGRATED SCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 As
of August 31, 2022 and 2021 

August 31, 
 August 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Other receivables, current portion 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Other receivables, net of current portion 
 - 

Goodwill 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued interest (including amounts to related parties) 

Government loans and notes payable, current portion 
 - 

Convertible notes payable, net of discount of 
 
 - 
 
 Contingent liability 
 
 - 
 
 Due to related parties 

Finance lease liability, current portion 

Operating lease liability, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Debentures, related parties 

Government loans and notes payable, net of current portion 

Finance lease liability, net of current portion 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Deferred tax liability 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Convertible preferred stock; par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at August 31, 2022 and August 31, 2021, respectively 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock; par
 value; 
 shares authorized; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding at August 31, 2022 and August 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Common stock to be issued and shares at August 31, 2022 and August 31, 2021) 

Other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

NOVO
INTEGRATED SCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 For
the Years Ended August 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended 

August 31, 
 August 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment of assets 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill impairment 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Non-operating income (expense) 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Other income 
 - 

Amortization of debt discount 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign currency transaction losses 
 
 - 
 
 Total other income (expense) 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 - 

Net loss 

Net loss attributed to noncontrolling interest 

Net loss attributed to Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation loss 

Comprehensive loss: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

NOVO
INTEGRATED SCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For
the Years Ended August 31, 2022 and 2021 

Total 

Additional 
 Common 
 Other 
 
 Novo 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Stock To 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Be Issued 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 Interest 
 Equity 

Balance, August 31, 2020 

- 

Common stock issued for cash, net of offering costs 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock for services 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for acquisition 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for intellectual property 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock to be issued for purchase of Acenzia, Inc. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Rounding due to stock split 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign currency translation loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, August 31, 2021 

Balance 

Common stock for services 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued as collateral and held in escrow 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock for conversion of convertible notes 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for acquisitions 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock to be issued for acquisitions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Value of warrants issued with convertible notes 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock to be issued 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fair value of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Foreign currency translation loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, August 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

NOVO
INTEGRATED SCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For
the Years Ended August 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended 

August 31, 
 August 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Fair value of vested stock options 

Common stock issued for services 

Operating lease expense 

Amortization of debt discount 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign currency transaction losses 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of debt 
 - 

Impairment of assets 
 
 - 
 
 Other receivables write-off 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill impairment 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 

Operating lease liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Cash paid for acquisition 
 - 

Cash acquired with acquisition 

Amounts loaned for other receivables 
 - 

Collection of other receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Receipts from (repayments to) related parties 

Repayments of notes payable 

Repayments of finance leases 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from the sale of common stock, net of offering costs 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 - 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 

CASH PAID FOR: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Common stock issued for intangible assets 
 - 

Common stock issued for convertible debt 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for acquisition 

Warrants issued with convertible notes 
 
 - 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

NOVO
INTEGRATED SCIENCES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended August 31, 2022 and 2021 

restricted shares of
Novo Integrated common stock, representing of the issued and outstanding Novo Integrated common stock, calculated including all granted
and issued options or warrants to acquire Novo Integrated common stock as of the Effective Date, but to exclude shares of Novo Integrated
common stock that are subject to a then-current Regulation S offering that was undertaken by Novo Integrated (the Exchange ). 

On
May 9, 2017, the Exchange closed and, as a result, NHL became a wholly owned subsidiary of Novo Integrated. The Exchange was
accounted for as a reverse acquisition under the purchase method of accounting since NHL obtained control of Novo Integrated
Sciences, Inc. Accordingly, the Exchange was recorded as a recapitalization of NHL, with NHL being treated as the continuing entity.
The historical financial statements presented are the financial statements of NHL. The Share Exchange Agreement was treated as a
recapitalization and not as a business combination; therefore, no pro forma information is disclosed. At the closing date of the
Exchange, the net assets of the legal acquirer, Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc., were . 

Reverse
Stock Split 

On
February 1, 2021, . 

Impact
of COVID-19 

While
all of the Company s business units are operational at the time of this filing, any future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the
Company s operations remains unknown and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted
with confidence, including the duration of the COVID-19 outbreak, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19
pandemic, and any additional preventative and protective actions that governments, or the Company, may direct, which may result in an
extended period of continued business disruption, reduced patient traffic and reduced operations. For more information regarding the
impact of COVID-19 on the Company, see Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Financial Impact of COVID-19 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements were prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America U.S. GAAP ). 

The Company s Canadian subsidiaries 
functional currency is the Canadian Dollar CAD and the Parent company s functional
currency is the United States Dollar or USD however, the accompanying consolidated financial statements
were translated and presented in USD. 

Going
Concern 

The
Company evaluated whether there are any conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. The Company has incurred
recurring losses from operations, has negative cash flows from operating activities, and has an accumulated deficit as at of August 31,
2022. The Company believes that its cash and other available resources may not be sufficient to meet its operating needs and the payment
of obligations related to various business acquisitions as they come due within one year after the date the consolidated financial statements
are issued. 

To
alleviate these conditions, the Company is currently in the process of raising funds through a debt financing and a subsequent public
offering in the United States. As the Company s funding activities are ongoing, there can be no assurances that the Company will
be able to secure funding on terms that are acceptable to the Company. These conditions, along with the matters noted above, raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued.
While management has developed and is in process to implement plans that management believes could alleviate in the future the substantial
doubt that was raised, management concluded at the date of the issuance of the consolidated financial statements that substantial doubt
exists as those plans are not completely within the control of management. These consolidated financial statements do not reflect the
adjustments to the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the reported expenses and consolidated balance sheets classifications
that would be necessary if the Company were unable to realize its assets and settle its liabilities as a going concern in the normal
course of operations. Such adjustments could be material. 

Foreign
Currency Translation 

The
accounts of the Company s Canadian subsidiaries are maintained in CAD. The accounts of these subsidiaries are translated into USD
in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 830, Foreign Currency Transaction , with the CAD as the functional currency. According to Topic 830, all assets and liabilities
are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, stockholders equity is translated at historical rates and statement
of operations items are translated at the weighted average exchange rate for the period. The resulting translation adjustments are reported
under other comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic 220, Comprehensive Income . Gains and losses resulting from the translations
of foreign currency transactions and balances are reflected in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. The following
table details the exchange rates used for the respective periods: 

Average period: CAD to USD exchange rate 

controlling interest in Terragenx, a controlling interest in 12858461 Canada Corp, an controlling interest
in Novo Healthnet Kemptville Centre, Inc., a Back on Track Physiotherapy and Health Centre clinic operated by NHL, Clinical Consultants
International, LLC and a controlling interest in Novo Earth Therapeutics Inc. (currently inactive). 

All
intercompany transactions have been eliminated. 

An
entity is controlled when the Company has the ability to direct the relevant activities of the entity, has exposure or rights to variable
returns from its involvement with the entity, and is able to use its power over the entity to affect its returns from the entity. 

Income
or loss and each component of OCI are attributed to the shareholders of the Company and to the noncontrolling interests. Total comprehensive
income is attributed to the shareholders of the Company and to the noncontrolling interests even if this results in the non-controlling
interests having a deficit balance on consolidation. 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

(principal amount of and accrued interest of and 0 of other receivables that were not expected to be collected. 

years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 years 
 
 Clinical equipment 
 years 
 
 Computer equipment 
 years 
 
 Office equipment 
 years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 years 

impairment of its long-lived assets. 

years (the lease period) 
 
 Software license 
 years 
 
 Intellectual property 
 years 
 
 Customer relationships 
 years 
 
 Brand names 
 years 

The
intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed for impairment when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted
cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets carrying amounts. In that event, a loss is recognized
based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the long-lived assets. Based on its reviews at August 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company believes there was and nil of impairment of its intangible assets, respectively, recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss as impairment of assets. The impairment was determined based on the fair value of the acquired business, which was estimated based on a discounted
cash flow valuation model and the projected future cash flows of the underlying business. 

or less at inception are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet
and are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The
Company determines the lease term by agreement with lessor. In cases where the lease does not provide an implicit interest rate, the
Company uses the Company s incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the
present value of future payments. 

related
to the goodwill for Executive Fitness Leaders was necessary. The impairment was determined based on the fair value of the acquired
business, which was estimated based on a discounted cash flow valuation model and the projected future cash flows of the underlying
business. As of August 31, 2022, the Company performed the required impairment reviews and determined that an impairment charge of
 
related to the goodwill for Acenzia was necessary. The Company determined that the carrying value was in excess of the expected fair
value of discounted cash flows based on the current market and business environments, resulting in the need for impairment. The
impairment was determined based on the discounted cash flow valuation model and the projected future cash flows of the underlying
business. 

- 
 - 

Goodwill acquired with purchase of business 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Impairment of goodwill 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

- 

Balance, August 31, 2021 

- 

Beginning balance 

- 

Goodwill acquired with purchase of business 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Impairment of goodwill 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance, August 31, 2022 

Ending balance 

The
Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under FASB ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity , and FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . 

For
certain financial instruments, the carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash
held in escrow, accounts receivable, current portion of other receivables, and current liabilities, including accounts payable,
short-term notes payable, due to related parties and finance lease obligations, each qualify as a financial instrument, and are a
reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their
expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The carrying value of notes payable approximates their fair values
due to current market rate on such debt. 

As
of August 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company did not identify any financial assets and liabilities required to be presented
on the balance sheet at fair value, except for cash and cash equivalents which are carried at fair value using Level 1 inputs. 

Under
ASC 740, a tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained
in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that
is greater than 50 likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test,
no tax benefit is recorded. The Company has no material uncertain tax positions for any of the reporting periods presented. 

and options/warrants outstanding at August 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition,
at August 31, 2022, there were outstanding convertible notes that could convert into shares of common stock and there were
 shares of common stock to be issued. 

Due
to the net loss incurred potentially dilutive instruments would be anti-dilutive. Accordingly, diluted loss per share is the same as
basic loss for all periods presented. 

and 
for the years ended August 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are classified as an item of other comprehensive income in the
stockholders equity section of the consolidated balance sheet. 

and , respectively. At August 31, 2022, was non-interest bearing, 
bears interest at per annum, and bears interest at per annum. At August 31, 2021, was non-interest bearing,
 bears interest at per annum, and bears interest at per annum. 

On
July 21, 2020, a related party converted of outstanding principal and accrued interest into shares of the Company s
common stock. The per share price used for the conversion of this debt was 15.00. 

On
July 21, 2020, the Company made a partial repayment of a debenture due to a related party of . The remaining principal balance
of debentures due to related parties at August 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Work in process 

Finished Goods 

Inventory Gross 

Allowance for slow moving and obsolete inventory 

Inventory, net 

Amounts earned but not billed 

Accounts receivable gross 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Accounts receivable, net 

Notes receivable dated April 1, 2015 and amended on May 23, 2017; accrued interest at per annum; secured by certain assets; due March 1, 2019 (repaid during fiscal year 2022). 
 - 

Advance to corporation; accrues interest at per annum; unsecured; due , as amended. 

Advance to corporation; accrues interest at 
 per annum after the first 60 days; unsecured; due , as amended. As at August 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of (principal and
accrued interest) was considered uncollectible and written off. 
 - 

Advance to corporation; accrues interest at per annum; secured by property and other assets of debtor; due , as amended. 

Advance to corporation; accrues interest at per annum; secured by assets of debtor; due , as amended. 

Total other receivables 

Current portion 

Long-term portion 
 - 

Building 

Leasehold improvements 

Clinical equipment 

Computer equipment 

Office equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Property and equipment gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended August 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Certain
property and equipment have been used to secure notes payable (See Note 10). 

Software license 
 - 

Intellectual property 

Customer relationships 

Brand names 

Finite lived intangible
 assets, gross 

Accumulated amortization 

Total 

Amortization
expense for the years ended August 31, 2022 and 2021 was 2, and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

On January 7, 2019, 2478659 Ontario Ltd. 247 and Kainai Cooperative Kainai entered into a Joint Venture Agreement (the Joint Venture Agreement for the
purpose of developing, managing and arranging for financing of greenhouse and farming projects involving hemp and cannabis cash crops
on Kainai related lands, and developing additional infrastructure projects creating jobs and food supply to local communities. On January
8, 2019, we and 247 entered into an Agreement of Transfer and Assignment, pursuant to which 247 agreed to sell, assign and transfer to
the Company all rights, contracts, contacts and any and all other assets related in any way to the Joint Venture Agreement. . The Joint Venture Agreement has an initial term
of 50 years and Kainai may renew the Joint Venture Agreement within five years of the expiry of the initial term upon mutual agreement.
On January 30, 2019, pursuant to the terms of the Joint Venture Agreement, the Company issued restricted common shares to 247
with a value of . As at August 31, 2022, the land use rights was determined to be impaired by . 

On
December 17, 2019, the Company entered into that certain Intellectual Property Asset Purchase Agreement (the APA by
and between the Company and 2731861 Ontario Corp. (the Seller ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase, and
Seller agreed to sell (the Acquisition ), proprietary designs for an innovative cannabis dosing device, in addition to
designs, plans, procedures, and all other material pertaining to the application, construction, operation, and marketing of a
cannabis business under the regulations of Health Canada (the Intellectual Property ). Pursuant to the terms of the
APA, the purchase price of the Intellectual Property is shares
of restricted common stock of the Company valued at . As
at August 31, 2022, the acquired intellectual property was determined to be impaired by 1,858,179. 

On
February 26, 2019, the Company and NHL entered into a Software License Agreement (the Cloud DX License with Cloud DX Inc. Cloud DX ), pursuant to which Cloud DX agreed to sell, and NHL agreed to purchase, a fully paid up, perpetual license,
with 5-year conditional exclusivity, for the Cloud DX Bundled Pulsewave PAD-1A USB Blood Pressure Device, up-to-date product releases
and Licensed Software Products (the Licensed Software ). Pursuant to the terms of the Cloud DX License, Cloud DX also agreed
to sell, and NHL agreed to purchase, 4,000 fully functional Pulsewave PAD 1A USB blood pressure monitor devices bundled with the perpetual
license discussed above (the Bundled Devices ). 

The
Cloud DX License granted to NHL and its majority-owned subsidiaries, holding companies, divisions and affiliates, other than physiotherapy
clinics owned and operated by Closing The Gap Healthcare Inc., the right to use and sub-license the Licensed Software and re-sell the
Bundled Devices pursuant to the terms of the Cloud DX License in the physical therapy clinic marketplace in North America in exchange
for the purchase price as set forth below: 

Upon the closing, the Company
 issued restricted shares of its common stock having a value (as calculated as set forth in the Cloud DX License) of CAD 
 (approximately as of February 26, 2019), and 

Cloud DX agreed to invoice
 CAD (approximately as of February 26, 2019) to NHL based on the following deliverables, and paid on the following
 schedule: 

(approximately
 as of February 26, 2019) 
 
 Novo-branded Android app delivered as APK file 
 
 CAD (approximately
 as of February 26, 2019) 
 
 Novo-branded Clinical portal website delivered 
 
 CAD (approximately
 as of February 26, 2019) 
 
 Pulsewave PAD-1A devices 1 st delivery 
 
 CAD (approximately
 as of February 26, 2019) 
 
 Marketing services / materials delivered 
 
 CAD (approximately
 as of February 26, 2019) 
 
 Cloud DX hires dedicated Novo support FTE 
 
 CAD (approximately
 as of February 26, 2019) 

On
March 9, 2020, the Company and NHL entered into that certain First Amendment to Cloud DX Perpetual Software License Agreement (the Cloud
DX Amendment with Cloud DX, effective March 6, 2020, pursuant to which the parties thereto agreed that the CAD (approximately
 as of March 6, 2020) that was to be paid by NHL based on the above deliverables would be paid as a one-time payment of 
restricted shares of Company common stock. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Cloud DX Amendment, the parties agreed to settle
a fee owed by NHL to Cloud DX through payment of restricted shares of Company common stock. 

Except
as set forth in the Cloud DX Amendment, the remaining terms and conditions of the Cloud DX License remain in full force and effect. As at August 31, 2022, the remaining value of the software license was determined to be fully impaired. 

In
connection with the acquisition of PRO-DIP (see Note 16) the Company acquired intellectual property valued at .
 As at August 31, 2022, the acquired intellectual property was determined to be impaired by . 

In
connection with the acquisition of Acenzia (See Note 16) the Company acquired the following intangible assets: intellectual property
valued at ; customer relationships valued at and brand names valued at . 

In
connection with the acquisition of Terragenx (see Note 16) the Company acquired intellectual property valued at . As at August 31, 2022, the acquired intellectual property was determined to be fully impaired. 

In
connection with the acquisition of 12858461 Canada Corp. (see Note 16) the Company acquired customer relationships valued at . 

In
connection with the acquisition of Poling Taddeo Hovius Physiotherapy Professional Corp. (see Note 16) the Company acquired customer
relationships valued at . 

In
connection with the acquisition of Clinical Consultants International LLC (see Note 16) the Company acquired customer relationships valued
at .
As at August 31, 2022, the acquired customer relationships were determined to be impaired by . 

Accrued payroll 

Unearned revenue 

Accrued
 expenses 

Note payable to the Small Business Administration SBA ). The note bears interest at per annum, requires payments of after 12 months from funding and is due 30 years from the date of issuance and is secured by certain equipment of PRO-DIP. 

Note payable dated December 3, 2019; accrues interest at per annum; secured by land, building and personal property; due . (On June 30, 2022, paid in full) 
 - 

Note payable dated December 3, 2018; accrues interest at per annum; unsecured; payments of approximately ; due . 

Note payable dated June 24, 2021; accrues interest at per annum; secured by real property of Acenzia; lender at its sole discretion may require monthly principal payments of after December 24, 2021; any unpaid principal and interest due on . (On December 14, 2021, the note was paid in full.) 
 - 

Total government loans and notes payable 

Less current portion 
 - 

Long-term portion 

(A) 
 The Government of Canada
 launched the Canada Emergency Business Account CEBA loan to ensure that small businesses have access to the capital
 that they need during the current challenges faced due to the COVID-19 virus. The Company obtained a CAD loan (US at
 August 31, 2022), which is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on or before . of the loan will be forgiven Early Payment Credit ). In the event that the Company
 does not repay of such term debt on or before December 31, 2022, the Early Payment Credit will not apply and the lender will
 automatically extend the term of the loan by three years until December 31, 2025 and will accrue on the outstanding amount of the
 CEBA Loan at a fixed rate of per year, calculated daily and compounded monthly. In addition, with acquisition of Terragenx, the
 Company acquired a CEBA loan in the amount of CAD net of CAD repayment (US at August 31, 2022) under the same
 terms. 

Government
Subsidy 

In
2020, the Government of Canada announced the Canada Emergency Wage Subsidy CEWS for Canadian employers whose businesses
were affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The CEWS provides a subsidy of up to of eligible employees employment insurable remuneration,
subject to certain criteria. Accordingly, the Company applied for the CEWS to the extent it met the requirements to receive the subsidy
and during the year ended August 31, 2022, recorded a total of approximately nil (2021 - in government subsidies as a reduction
to the associated wage costs recorded in cost of revenues and general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations
and comprehensive loss. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

(the 16.66m+ convertible notes with each note having a face amount of . The 16.66m+ convertible notes accrue interest at per annum and are due on . The 16.66m+ convertible notes are secured by all assets of the Company. The 16.66m+ convertible notes are convertible at
the option of the note holders to convert into shares of the Company s common stock at per share. 

In
connection with the 16.66m+ convertible notes, the Company issued the note holders warrants to purchase a total of shares
of the Company s common stock at a price of per share. was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions : 

Expected
 life of years; 

Volatility
 of ; 

Dividend
 yield of ; and 

Risk
 free interest rate of 

The
face amount of the 16.66m+ convertible notes of was proportionately allocated to the 16.66m+ convertible notes and the
warrants in the amount of and , respectively. The amount allocated to the warrants of was recorded as
a discount to the convertible note and as additional paid in capital. The 16.66m+ convertible notes contained an original issue discount
totaling and the Company also incurred in loan fees in connection with the 16.66m+ convertible notes. The combined
total discount is and will be amortized over the life of the 16.66m+ convertible notes. During the year ended August 31,
2022, the Company amortized of the debt discount and as August 31, 2022, the unamortized debt discount was . 

During
the year ended August 31, 2022, the Company made cash payments in the aggregate amount of for the monthly Amortization Payment,
 in principal and in interest, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 16.66m+ convertible notes. 

During
the year ended August 31, 2022, in principal and in interest were converted into shares of common stock issued
to the 16.66m+ convertible note holders. 

In connection with the 16.66m+ convertible notes, the Company is subject
to certain financial covenants which the Company was not in compliance with as of August 31, 2022. This provided the lender the right
to increase the interest rate to per annum and rights to first ranking over all other notes held by the Company. However, subsequent
to the year end, (see Note 19) the 16.66m+ convertible notes were settled without any additional charges or penalty due to non-compliance
with the 16.66m+ convertible notes financial covenants. 

Terragenx 

On
November 17, 2021, Terragenx, a 
owned subsidiary of the Company, issued two convertible notes payable for a total of 
(the 1.875m convertible notes with each note having a face amount of .
The 1.875m convertible notes accrue interest at 
per annum and were due on and extended to November 29, 2022. The 1.875m convertible notes are secured by all assets of the Company. The
 1.875m convertible notes are convertible at the option of the note holders to convert into shares of the Company s common
stock at per share. 

In
connection with the 1.875m convertible notes, the Company issued the note holders warrants to purchase a total of shares of
the Company s common stock at a price of per share. and was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions : 

Expected
 life of years; 

Volatility
 of ; 

Dividend
 yield of ; and 

Risk
 free interest rate of 

The
face amount of the 1.875m convertible notes of was proportionately allocated to the 1.875m convertible notes and the warrants
in the amount of and , respectively. The amount allocated to the warrants of was recorded as a discount to
the 1.875m convertible notes and as additional paid in capital. The 1.875m convertible notes contained an original issue discount totaling
 and the Company also incurred in loan fees in connection with these m convertible notes. The combined total discount
was and amortized over the life of the m convertible notes. During the year ended August 31, 2022, the Company amortized
 of the debt discount and as August 31, 2022, the unamortized debt discount was . 

On
June 1, 2022, the Company paid the balance owed on one of two Terragenx million convertible notes for an aggregate payment of
 , including all principal and interest owed. 

On
June 1, 2022, the Company made an interest payment to one of two Terragenx million convertible notes for a payment of .
On June 1, 2022, the Company and the note holder agreed to extend the maturity date to with a principal amount face
value of and interest rate that shall accrue at a rate equal to one percent per annum. 

(approximately on September 30, 2013) in connection
with the acquisition of certain business assets. The holders of the debentures are current stockholders, officers and/or affiliates of
the Company. The debentures are secured by all the assets of the Company, accrue interest at per annum and were originally due on
 . On December 2, 2017, the debenture holders agreed to extend the due date to . On September 27,
2019, the debenture holders agreed to extend the due date to September 30, 2021. On November 2, 2021, the debenture holders agreed to
extend the due date to . 

On
January 31, 2018, the debenture holders converted of the debenture value of plus accrued interest of into 
shares of the Company s common stock. which was determined
as the average price of the five (5) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion with a 10 premium added to the calculated
per share price . 

On
July 21, 2020, the Company made a partial repayment of a debenture due to a related party of . 

At
August 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of debentures outstanding was and , respectively. 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Operating lease liability 
 Current operating lease liability 

Noncurrent liabilities 

Operating lease liability 
 Long-term operating lease liability 

Total lease liability 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total payments 

Amount representing interest 

Lease obligation, net 

Less lease obligation, current portion 

Lease obligation, long-term portion 

During
the year ended August 31, 2022, the Company entered into new lease obligations of . 

The
lease expense for the years ended August 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The cash paid under operating leases
during the years ended August 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

At
August 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease terms were years and the weighted average discount rate was . 

Finance
leases 

The
Company leases certain equipment under lease contracts that are accounted for as finance leases. If the contracts meet the criteria for
a finance lease, the related equipment underlying the lease contract is capitalized and amortized over its estimated useful life. If
the cost of the equipment is not available, the Company calculates the cost by taking the present value of the lease payments using an
implicit borrowing rate of . 

Accumulated amortization 

Net book value 

2024 

Total payments 

Amount representing interest 

Lease obligation, net 

Less lease obligation, current portion 

Lease obligation, long-term portion 

shares of par value convertible preferred stock. As of August 31, 2022 and 2021 there were 
and convertible preferred shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company has authorized shares of par value common stock. On February 1, 2021, . As of August 31,
2022 and 2021 there were and common shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

During
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022, the Company issued: 

restricted shares
 of common stock as consideration for a Consulting and Services Agreement valued at . The fair value was determined based on
 the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares
 of common stock as collateral to be held in escrow pursuant to the terms and conditions provided for in a certain Securities Purchase
 Agreement, Pledge and Security Agreement, Secured Convertible Promissory Note, and Escrow Agreement, all dated 
 to which the Company is a guarantor for that certain senior secured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of up to
 . The shares were issued on November 23, 2021. The Company value these shares at since they are being held in escrow
 and will only be released to the convertible note holders upon certain conditions, including default on the notes. 

restricted shares
 of common stock as consideration for a Consulting Agreement valued at . The fair value was determined based on the market
 price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares
 of common stock as consideration for an Independent Contractor Agreement valued at . The fair value was determined based on
 the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares
 of common stock as consideration for an Independent Contractor Agreement valued at . The fair value was determined based on
 the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares of common stock as consideration for a Consulting Agreement valued at . The fair value was determined based
 on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares
 of common stock as consideration for a Consulting Agreement valued at . The fair value was determined based on the market
 price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares
 of common stock as consideration for an Independent Contractor Agreement valued at . The fair value was determined based
 on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares
 of common stock as consideration for an Independent Contractor Agreement valued at . The fair value was determined based on
 the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares
 of common stock as consideration for a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement valued at . The fair value was determined
 based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares
 of common stock as consideration for a Consulting Agreement valued at . The fair value was determined based on the market
 price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares were issued on . 

restricted
 shares of common stock issued for NHL Exchangeable Shares under the terms and conditions of a Share Exchange Agreement which closed
 on June 24, 2021. The fair value was determined based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of closing.
 The shares were issued on . 

shares of
 common stock as consideration for payment of an aggregate principal amount of and an aggregate accrued interest amount
 of on the 16.66m+ convertible notes. The shares were issued on various dates during the year ended August 31, 2022. 

shares of common stock pursuant to the Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan registered on a Form S-8 filed by
 the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 19, 2021 (Commission File No. 333-253289 (the 2021 Plan ).
 The fair value was determined based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares were
 issued on . 

restricted shares
 of common stock as consideration for a Consulting Agreement. The fair value was determined based on the market price of the Company s
 common stock on the date of issuance. The shares were issued on . 

shares of
 common stock as consideration for payment of an aggregate principal amount of and an aggregate accrued interest amount of
 on the 16.66m+ convertible notes. The shares were issued on July 12, 2022 pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement
 on Form S-3 (File No. 333-254278), which was declared effective by the SEC on March 22, 2021. 

restricted
 shares of common stock issued for NHL Exchangeable Shares under the terms and conditions of a Share Exchange Agreement which closed
 on June 24, 2021. The fair value was determined based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of closing.
 The shares were issued on . 

During
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, the Company issued: 

restricted shares
 of common stock to a non-U.S. person for cash proceeds of . 

restricted shares
 of common stock as consideration for a Statement of Work Agreement with an independent contractor valued at . The fair value
 was determined based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 

restricted shares
 of common stock as consideration for a Consulting and Services Agreement valued at . The fair value was determined based
 on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 

restricted shares
 of common stock as consideration for an Asset Purchase Agreement with a value of based on the market price of the Company s
 common stock of per share on the date of grant. 

shares of common stock
 to round fractional shares that would have been issued pursuant to the reverse stock split to the next highest whole share as a result
 of the Company s 1-for-10 reverse stock split of our common stock, effective February 1, 2021. As a result of the reverse stock
 split, every 10 shares of issued and outstanding common stock were exchanged for one share of common stock, with any fractional shares
 being rounded up to the next whole share amount. 

shares of common
 stock issued upon the exercise of stock options. The Company received the exercise price of in cash. 

restricted shares
 of common stock under the terms and conditions of a certain Letter of Engagement, dated July 31, 2020, as a result of the Company s
 successful uplist to the Nasdaq Capital Markets. The fair value of the shares were based on the market value of the Company s
 stock on the date of grant. 

shares of common
 stock under the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and registered pursuant to the Company s registration statement
 on Form S-8 (File No. 333-253289) for payment of legal services valued at . 

shares of common
 stock, to accredited investors, under the terms and conditions of a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 9, 2021, in a registered
 direct offering for an agreed upon purchase price of per share. The Company incurred offering cost of associated with
 this offering. The shares were offered pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-254278), which
 was declared effective on March 22, 2021. The shares were issued on April 13. 2021. 

restricted shares
 of common stock as consideration for a Share Exchange Agreement with the securities exchange valued at , or per share.
 The fair value was determined based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares were
 issued on May 24, 2021. 

shares of common
 stock under the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and registered pursuant to the Company s registration statement
 on Form S-8 (File No. 333-253289) to three members of the Company s Medical Advisory Board for payment of services valued at
 . 

Common
Stock to be Issued 

As
of August 31, 2022, in connection with the acquisition of Acenzia, Terragenx, 12858461 Ontario Inc, and Poling Taddeo Hovius Physiotherapy
Professional Corp (See Note 16), the Company has allotted and is obligated to issue shares of the Company s common stock. 

Stock
Options and Warrants 

On
September 8, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders holding a majority of the Company s outstanding common
stock approved the Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2015 Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2015 Plan ), which authorizes the
issuance of up to shares of common stock to employees, officers, directors or independent consultants of the Company, provided
that no person can be granted shares under the 2015 Plan for services related to raising capital or promotional activities. During fiscal
years 2022 and 2021, the Company did not grant any awards under the 2015 Plan. The Company does not intend to issue any additional grants
under the 2015 Plan. 

On
January 16, 2018, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders holding a majority of the Company s outstanding common
stock approved the Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2018 Plan ). Under the 2018 Plan,
 shares of common stock are authorized for the grant of stock options and the issuance of restricted stock, stock appreciation
rights, phantom stock and performance awards to officers, directors, employees and eligible consultants to the Company or its subsidiaries.
As of August 31, 2022, the 2018 Plan had shares available for award; however, the Company does not intend to issue any additional
grants under the 2018 Plan. 

On
February 9, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders holding a majority of the Company s outstanding common
stock approved the Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). Under the 2021 Plan, a total
of shares of common stock are authorized for issuance pursuant to the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock, restricted stock units, performance units, performance shares or other cash- or stock-based awards to officers, directors, employees
and eligible consultants to the Company or its subsidiaries. Subject to adjustment as provided in the 2021 Plan, shares available for award . 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Exercised 
 - 

Outstanding, August 31, 2022 

Exercisable, August 31, 2022 

For
options granted during the year ended August 31, 2022 where the exercise price equaled the stock price at the date of the grant, the
weighted-average fair value of such options was , and the weighted-average exercise price of such options was . No options
were granted during the year ended August 31, 2022 where the exercise price was less than the stock price at the date of grant. For options
granted during the year ended August 31, 2022 where the exercise price was greater than the stock price at the date of grant, the weighted-average
fair value of such options was , and the weighted-average exercise price of such options was 

For
options granted during fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 where the exercise price equaled the stock price at the date of the grant, the
weighted-average fair value of such options was , and the weighted-average exercise price of such options was . No options
were granted during fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 where the exercise price was less than the stock price at the date of grant or
the exercise price was greater than the stock price at the date of grant. 

The
fair value of the stock options is being amortized to stock option expense over the vesting period. The Company recorded stock option
expense of and during the years ended August 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At August 31, 2022, the unamortized stock
option expense was , which will be amortized to expense through February 2023. 

to 

Expected life of the options 
 years 
 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 
 to 

Expected dividend yield 

Warrants 

- 
 
 Granted 

Forfeited 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 

Outstanding, August 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable, August 31, 2022 

- 

Pretax loss 

() 

() 

() 

Expected income tax benefit 

() 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Stock based compensation 

- 

Change in valuation allowance 

- 

- 

- 

Year Ended
 August 31, 2021 

Canada 

United
 States 

Total 

Combined
 statutory tax rate 

Pretax loss 

() 

() 

() 

Expected income tax benefit 

() 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Stock based compensation 

- 

Change in valuation allowance 

- 

- 

- 

Total deferred tax asset 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax liability: 

Intangible assets 

Total deferred tax liability 

Net deferred tax liability 

The
valuation allowance for the years ended August 31, 2022 and 2021 increased as a result of the Company generating additional net operating
losses. 

The
Company has recorded as of August 31, 2022 and 2021 a valuation allowance of and , respectively, as it believes
that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized in future years. Management has based its assessment
on the Company s lack of profitable operating history. 

The
Company conducts an analysis of its tax positions and has concluded that it has no uncertain tax positions as of August 31, 2022 and
2021. 

As
of August 31, 2022, the Company has net operating loss carry-forward of approximately and in the United States
and Canada, respectively that begin to expire in 2030. The use of the net operating losses in the United States may be significantly
limited due to Internal Revenue Code section 382. The 2021, 2020 and 2019 tax years are still subject to audit in the U.S. and reassessment
in Canada. 

and a net loss of . 

On
May 28, 2021, the Company and NHL entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the ACZ SEA by and among the Company and NHL,
on the one hand, and Acenzia Inc., Avec8 Holdings Inc., Ambour Holdings Inc., Indrajit Sinha, Grant Bourdeau and Derrick Bourdeau, on
the other hand (collectively the ACZ Shareholders ). On June 24, 2021, pursuant to the terms of the ACZ SEA, the acquisition
of Acenzia by NHL closed. On October 22, 2021, the parties (i) set the final Purchase Price, as determined by the Post-Closing Purchase
Price Adjustment, at a value of , and (ii) agreed to the issuance of that number of NHL Exchangeable Shares (as defined in
the ACZ SEA) exchangeable into restricted shares of Company common stock at an agreed upon price of allotted for the
ACZ Shareholders as provided for in the ACZ SEA. The price of the Company s common stock on the closing date was 2.55; therefore
the purchase price for accounting purposes was . The Company acquired Acenzia to complement several of the Company s
growth initiatives (i) to build a health science related IP portfolio, and (ii). acquire ownership interest in licensed and certified
manufacturing and packaging facilities of health and wellness related products. This acquisition was considered an acquisition of a business
under ASC 805. From the period from the acquisition date to August 31, 2021, Acenzia had revenues of and a net loss of . 

- 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 - 
 
 Property and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Due to related party 
 
 - 
 
 Note payable 

Deferred tax liability 
 
 - 
 
 Lease obligation 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase price 

Issuance of common stock 
 - 

Common stock to be issued 
 
 - 

Joint
Venture 

MiTelemed+
50/50 Joint Venture with EK-Tech Solutions, Inc. 

On
October 8, 2021, the Company and NHL completed a Joint Venture Agreement (the MiTelemed+ JV with EK-Tech Solutions Inc. EK-Tech to establish the joint venture company MiTelemed+ Inc., an Ontario province Canada corporation MiTelemed+ ),
to operate, support, and expand access and functionality of EK-Tech s enhanced proprietary Telehealth platform. At closing, EK-Tech
contributed all intellectual property, source code, and core data of the iTelemed platform, valued at CAD , and NHL issued to
EK-Tech, non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, which are issued solely for the purpose
of EK-Tech to exchange, for restricted shares of Company s common stock solely upon EK-Tech meeting terms and conditions
for exchange of the NHL Exchangeable Special Shares as defined in the MiTelemed+ JV. . As of August 31, 2022, the terms and conditions for the exchange of the NHL Exchangeable Special
Shares had not been met. 

Mullins
Asset Purchase Agreement 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company entered into that certain Asset Purchase Agreement (the Mullins APA ), dated as of November
17, 2021, by and between the Company and Terence Mullins. Pursuant to the terms of the Mullins APA, Mr. Mullins agreed to sell, and the
Company agreed to purchase, all of Mr. Mullins right, title and interest in and to certain assets (the Mullins IP Assets ),
in exchange for a purchase price of CAD (approximately which is to be paid as follows: 

(a) 
 (approximately) is to be issued or allotted to Mr. Mullins only after patent-pending status, in the U.S. or internationally, is designated
 for all Mullins IP Assets (the Mullins IP Assets CAD 2m Shares ), as either restricted shares of Company common stock
 or NHL Exchangeable Shares, as determined by Mr. Mullins. Once issued or allotted, the Mullins IP Assets CAD 2m Shares will be held
 in escrow pending registration and approval for all Mullins IP Assets, and 

(b) 
 CAD (approximately) is to be issued in the form of restricted shares of Company common stock, free and clear of all liens, pledges,
 encumbrances, charges, or known claims of any kind, nature, or description, upon closing of the Mullins APA 

All
shares issued or allotted under the terms and conditions of the Mullins APA are calculated at a value of per share. The price of
the Company s common stock on the closing date was ; therefore the purchase price for assets acquired (Intellectual property)
by the payment of item (a) above was and item (b) above was . The purchase price for item (a) above has been recorded
as a contingent liability at fair value in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets since the conditions for payment have not been
met as of August 31, 2022. The amounts assigned to assets acquired are provisional. Therefore, this may result in future adjustments
to the provisional amounts as information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date. 

In
addition, reported through the Company
or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries for a period equal to the commercial validity of the intellectual property. 

Terragenx
Share Exchange Agreement 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company and NHL, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into that certain Share Exchange Agreement
(the Terra SEA ), dated as of November 17, 2021, by and among the Company, NHL, Terragenx Inc. Terra ), TMS
Inc. TMS ), Shawn Mullins, Claude Fournier, and The Coles Optimum Health and Vitality Trust COHV and collectively
with TMS, Mr. Mullins and Mr. Fournier, the Terra Shareholders ). Collectively, the Terra Shareholders owned of the
outstanding shares of Terra (the Terra Purchased Shares ). 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Terra SEA, NHL agreed to purchase from the Terra Shareholders, and the Terra Shareholders agreed to sell to NHL,
the Terra Purchased Shares on the closing date, in exchange for payment by NHL of the purchase price (the Purchase Price of CAD (approximately (the Exchange ). The Purchase Price was to be paid with the issuance, by NHL to
the Terra Shareholders, of certain non-voting NHL special shares exchangeable into restricted shares of the Company s common stock
(the NHL Exchangeable Shares ). The total shares of Company common stock allotted in favor of the Terra Shareholders was
calculated at a per share price of . 

The
Exchange closed on November 17, 2021. shares
of Terra common stock, representing of Terra s outstanding shares, and (ii) a total of NHL Exchangeable Shares were issued
to the Terra Shareholders, which NHL Exchangeable Shares are exchangeable into a total of restricted shares of the Company s
common stock. As a result of the Exchange, NHL has ownership of Terra and full control of the Terra business . 

In
addition, the Company will issue shares of the Company s common stock to Terry Mullins as part of an employment agreement
that is considered part of the purchase price. The price of the Company s common stock on the closing date was ; therefore
the purchase price for accounting purposes was . The Company acquired Terragenx to complement several of the Company s
growth initiatives including (i) to build a health science related IP portfolio, and (ii) through either acquisition, internal development,
or third-party licensing distribute effective, personalized health and wellness product solutions allowing for the customization of patient
preventative care remedies and over-the-counter preventative and maintenance care solutions. This acquisition was considered an acquisition
of a business under ASC 805. From the date of acquisition until August 31, 2022, Terragenx had revenues of and a net loss of
 . 

A summary of the purchase price allocation for Terra at fair value is below. 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

CEBA loan 

Minority interest 

Purchase price 

The
purchase of Terragenx was not considered significant for accounting purposes; therefore, pro forma financial statements are not presented. 

Share
Exchange Agreement to Acquire of 12858461 Canada Corp. 

On
March 1, 2022, the Company and NHL completed a Share Exchange Agreement (the 1285 SEA with 12858461 Canada Corp. 1285 ),
a Canada federal corporation in the business of providing clinic-based physiotherapy and related ancillary services and products, and
Prashant A. Jani, a Canadian citizen and sole shareholder of 1285 (the 1285 Shareholder ), to acquire ownership of
1285 for a purchase price of (the 1285 Purchase Price paid with the issuance, by NHL to the 1285 Shareholder,
of certain non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares which can only be utilized for the purpose of exchange into an allotment of 
restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Parent 1285 SEA Shares at the determination of the 1285 Shareholder.
The number of Parent 1285 SEA Shares was calculated by dividing the 1285 Purchase Price by per share. 

This
acquisition was considered an acquisition of a business under ASC 805. From the date of acquisition until August 31, 2022, 1285 had revenues
of and a net income of . 

A summary of the purchase price allocation for 1285
at fair value is below. 

Accounts receivable 

Property and equipment 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets 

Minority interest 

Purchase price 

The
purchase of 1285 was not considered significant for accounting purposes; therefore, pro forma financial statements are not presented. 

Asset
Purchase Agreement with Poling Taddeo Hovius Physiotherapy Professional Corp., operating as Fairway Physiotherapy and Sports Injury Clinic 

On
March 1, 2022, the Company and NHL completed an Asset Purchase Agreement (the PTHPC APA with Poling Taddeo Hovius Physiotherapy
Professional Corp. PTHPC ), operating a clinic-based physiotherapy, rehabilitative, and related ancillary services and
products business known as Fairway Physiotherapy and Sports Injury Clinic FAIR ), and Jason Taddeo, a Canadian citizen
and the sole shareholder of PTHPC (the PTHPC Shareholder ), Under the terms and conditions of the PTHPC APA, PTHPC agreed
to sell, assign and transfer to NHL, free and clear of all encumbrances, other than permitted encumbrances, and NHL agreed to purchase
from PTHPC all of PTHPC s right, title and interest in and to all of its assets related to FAIR and the FAIR Business, with the
exception of certain limited exclusions, and the rights, privileges, claims and properties of any kind whatsoever that are related thereto,
whether owned or leased, real or personal, tangible or intangible, of every kind and description and wheresoever situated. Under the
terms and conditions of the PTHPC APA, the purchase price is (the FAIR Purchase Price paid with the issuance,
by NHL to the PTHPC Shareholder, of certain non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares which can only be utilized for the purpose of
exchange into an allotment of restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Parent PTHPC APA Shares at the determination of the PTHPC Shareholder. The number of Parent PTHPC APA Shares was calculated by dividing the FAIR Purchase Price
by per share. 

This
acquisition was considered an acquisition of a business under ASC 805. From the date of acquisition until August 31, 2022, PTHPC had
revenues of and a net loss of . 

A summary of the purchase price
allocation for PTHPC at fair value is below. 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Intangible asset 

Purchase price 

The
purchase of PTHPC was not considered significant for accounting purposes; therefore, pro forma financial statements are not presented. 

Membership
Interest Purchase Agreement with Clinical Consultants International LLC 

On
March 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the CCI Agreement by and among the
Company, CCI, each of the members of CCI (the CCI Members ), and Dr. Joseph Chalil as the representative of the CCI Members. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the CCI Agreement, among other things, the CCI Members will sell and assign to the Company all of their membership
interests of CCI, in exchange for a total of 
restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Exchange Shares ( CCI Acquisition ). The
Exchange Shares will be apportioned among the Members pro rata based on their respective membership interest ownership percentage of
CCI. Following the closing of the CCI Acquisition (the Closing ), the Company will own 
of the issued and outstanding membership interests of CCI, and the CCI Members or their designees will collectively own 
restricted shares of the Company s common stock. The restricted shares were issued on April 7, 2022. 

This
CCI Acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition, as substantially all of the fair value of the assets being acquired under the
arrangement was concentrated in the customer relationships. Accordingly, the purchase price was primarily allocated to the
customer relationships intangible asset, for , and will be amortized over an estimated useful life of 5 years. The remaining
purchase price was allocated to cash and cash equivalents. 

A summary of the purchase price allocation for CCI
at fair value is below. 

Intangible asset 

Purchase price 

(CAD ), and was recognized as an accrual on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Given the uncertainty inherent in litigation and investigations,
the Company does not believe it is possible to develop estimates of reasonably possible losses (or a range of possible losses) in excess
of current accruals for such matters. The nature of legal proceedings is such that the Company cannot assure the outcome of any particular
matter, and an unfavorable ruling or development could have a materially adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results
of operations and cash flows in the period in which a ruling or settlement occurs. However, based on information available to the Company s
management to date, the Company s management does not expect that the outcome of any matter pending against the Company is likely
to have a materially adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows or liquidity. 

Product Sales 

Corporate 
 
 - 
 
 Sales 

Gross profit 

Healthcare services 

Product Sales 

Corporate 
 
 - 
 
 Gross profit 

Loss from operations 

Healthcare services 

Product Sales 

Corporate 

Income (loss) from operations 

Depreciation and amortization 

Healthcare services 

Product Sales 

Corporate 

Depreciation and amortization 

Capital expenditures 

Healthcare services 
 - 

Product Sales 

Corporate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Capital expenditures 

Interest expenses 

Healthcare services 

Product Sales 

Corporate 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expenses 

Net loss 

Healthcare services 

Product Sales 

Corporate 

Net loss 

Total assets 

Healthcare services 

Product Sales 

Corporate 

Accounts receivable 

Healthcare services 

Product Sales 

Corporate 
 12,496 
 - 

Intangible assets 

Healthcare services 
 
 - 
 
 Product Sales 

Corporate 

Goodwill 

Healthcare services 

Product Sales 

Corporate 
 - 
 - 

units Units ),
with each Unit consisting of . The actual public offering price per Unit
will be determined between the Company, Maxim Group LLC and the investors in the offering, and may be at a discount to the current market
price of the Company s common stock. 

As
indicated in the Registration Statement, the Company also proposes to offer to each purchaser of Units that would otherwise result in
the purchaser s beneficial ownership exceeding 4.99 of the Company s outstanding common stock immediately following the
consummation of the offering, the opportunity to purchase Units consisting of one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of common
stock Pre-Funded Warrant (in lieu of one share of common stock), one Three-Year Warrant and one Five-Year Warrant. Subject
to limited exceptions, a holder of Pre-Funded Warrants will not have the right to exercise any portion of its Pre-Funded Warrants if
the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 (or, at the election of the holder, such limit may
be increased to up to 9.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Each
Pre-Funded Warrant will be exercisable for one share of common stock. The purchase price of each Unit including a Pre-Funded Warrant
will be equal to the price per Unit including one share of common stock, minus 0.01, and the remaining exercise price of each Pre-Funded
Warrant will equal 0.01 per share. The Pre-Funded Warrants will be immediately exercisable (subject to the beneficial ownership cap)
and may be exercised at any time until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. For each Unit including a Pre-Funded Warrant
sold (without regard to any limitation on exercise set forth therein), the number of Units including a share of common stock offered
will be decreased on a one-for-one basis. The common stock and Pre-Funded Warrants, if any, can each be purchased in the offering only
with the accompanying Three-Year Warrant and Five-Year Warrant as part of a Unit, but the components of the Units will immediately separate
upon issuance. The Company also proposes to register the common stock issuable from time to time upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants,
Three-Year Warrants and Five-Year Warrants included in the Units. 

There
is no minimum number of Units or minimum aggregate amount of proceeds for the offering to close. 

The
Company expects to commence the sale of the securities as of the date on which the Registration Statement is declared effective by the
SEC. No sales will be made prior to effectiveness of the Registration Statement. There can be no assurance that the Registration Statement
will be declared effective by the SEC. 

Promissory
Note Amortization Payment 

On
September 14, 2022, the Company made a cash payment in the aggregate amount of for the monthly Amortization . 

CVI
Investments, Inc. Waiver and Amendment 

On
October 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Waiver and Amendment (the CVI Waiver and Amendment with CVI Investments,
Inc. CVI ). Pursuant to the terms of the CVI Waiver and Amendment, (i) the Company obtained a limited waiver from CVI with
respect to certain provisions of a Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to CVI (the
 CVI Warrant (ii) the Company and CVI amended certain provisions of the CVI Warrant; (iii) the Company obtained a limited
waiver from CVI with respect to certain provisions of a Senior Secured Convertible Note, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the
Company to CVI (the CVI Note and (iv) the Company and CVI amended certain provisions of the CVI Note, all as more fully
described below and as set forth in the CVI Warrant and the CVI Note, as applicable. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the CVI Waiver and Amendment, the Company obtained a limited waiver from CVI with respect to the provisions of the CVI
Warrant that would have reduced the exercise price of the CVI Warrant upon the closing of the sale of the Company s common stock
by the Company (the Offering to be conducted as set forth in and pursuant to the prospectus contained in the Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401) filed by the Company on September 13, 2022, as subsequently amended and as declared effective
on October 13, 2022. In addition, the Company and CVI agreed to amend the CVI Warrant to provide that the exercise price of the CVI Warrant
shall be the price at which the Company s common stock is offered for sale in the Offering. 

Also
pursuant to the terms of the CVI Waiver and Amendment, the Company obtained a limited waiver from CVI with respect to the provisions
of the CVI Note that would have reduced the conversion price of the CVI Note upon the closing of the Offering. CVI also agreed to extend
the date on which the Amortization Redemption Amount (as defined in the CVI Note) may be paid from October 14, 2022 to October 19, 2022.
In addition, the Company and CVI agreed to amend the CVI Note to provide that the conversion price set forth in the CVI Note shall be
the price at which the Company s common stock is being offered for sale in the Offering. 

Hudson
Bay Master Fund Ltd. Waiver and Amendment 

Also
on October 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Waiver and Amendment (the Hudson Bay Waiver and Amendment with Hudson
Bay Master Fund Ltd. Hudson Bay ). Pursuant to the terms of the Hudson Bay Waiver and Amendment, (i) the Company obtained
a limited waiver from Hudson Bay with respect to certain provisions of a Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated as of December 14, 2021,
issued by the Company to Hudson Bay (the Hudson Bay Warrant (ii) the Company and Hudson Bay amended certain provisions
of the Hudson Bay Warrant; (iii) the Company obtained a limited waiver from Hudson Bay with respect to certain provisions of a Senior
Secured Convertible Note, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to Hudson Bay (the Hudson Bay Note and
(iv) the Company and Hudson Bay amended certain provisions of the Hudson Bay Note, all as more fully described below and as set forth
in the Hudson Bay Warrant and the Hudson Bay Note, as applicable. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Hudson Bay Waiver and Amendment, the Company obtained a limited waiver from Hudson Bay with respect to the provisions
of the Hudson Bay Warrant that would have reduced the exercise price of the Hudson Bay Warrant upon the closing of the Offering. In addition,
the Company and Hudson Bay agreed to amend the Hudson Bay Warrant to provide that the exercise price of the Hudson Bay Warrant shall
be the price at which the Company s common stock is offered for sale in the Offering. 

Also
pursuant to the terms of the Hudson Bay Waiver and Amendment, the Company obtained a limited waiver from Hudson Bay with respect to the
provisions of the Hudson Bay Note that would have reduced the conversion price of the Hudson Bay Note upon the closing of the Offering.
Hudson Bay also agreed to extend the date on which the Amortization Redemption Amount (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note) may be paid
from October 14, 2022 to October 19, 2022. In addition, the Company and Hudson Bay agreed to amend the Hudson Bay Note to provide that
the conversion price set forth in the Hudson Bay Note shall be the price at which the Company s common stock is being offered for
sale in the Offering. 

Unit
Offering 

On
October 18, 2022 (the Closing Date ), the Company sold an aggregate of units (the Units for an
aggregate of , at a purchase price per Unit (the Offering ), consisting of . 

On
October 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Placement Agency Agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement with Maxim Group
LLC, as exclusive placement agent thereunder (the Placement Agent ), pursuant to which the Placement Agent agreed to act
as the Company s exclusive placement agent to solicit offers to purchase the Units, and the Common Stock and Warrants forming part
of the Units, offered by the prospectus Prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401)
declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 13, 2022 (the Registration Statement ). The Placement
Agent did not purchase or sell any securities, nor was it required to arrange for the purchase and sale of any specific number or dollar
amount of securities, other than to use its reasonable best efforts to arrange for the sale of the securities by the Company.
Accordingly, there was no minimum amount of proceeds that was a condition to closing of the Offering. 

The
Offering resulted in gross proceeds to the Company of approximately before deducting the Placement Agent fees and related
offering expenses, and excluding proceeds to the Company, if any, that may result from the future exercise of Warrants issued in the
Offering which formed part of the Units. Pursuant to the terms of the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company paid the Placement Agent
a cash fee of equal to of the gross proceeds of the Offering as well as reimbursed the Placement Agent for its accountable
expenses, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of . 

Under
the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company agreed to certain restrictions on future stock offerings, including that during the 90-day
period following the Closing Date, the Company will not issue (or enter into any agreement to issue) any shares of common stock or common
stock equivalents, subject to certain exceptions, and will not file any registration statements. In addition, during the 180-day period
following the Closing Date and subject to certain exceptions, the Company is prohibited from entering into (i) a transaction that would
result in the Company issuing common stock that has a variable conversion price, exercise price, or exchange rate, or such a price that
would reset upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events; or (ii) a transaction in which the Company agrees to issue securities
at a future determined price. Each of the Company s officers, directors, and any holder of 10 or more of the outstanding common
stock has agreed to a three-month lock-up with respect to their shares of common stock, including securities that are convertible
into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of common stock. Subject to certain exceptions, during such lock-up period these holders
may not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of these securities, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent. The Placement
Agency Agreement provides that the Placement Agent s obligations were subject to conditions contained in the Placement Agency Agreement. 

Each
Warrant had an exercise price of per share and is exercisable upon issuance. As a result of the Company s entry, on November 14, 2022, into the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment (as hereinafter
defined) and the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment (as hereinafter defined), the exercise price of each Warrant was reduced to 
per share. The Three Year Warrants and the Five Year Warrants
will expire and from the date of issuance, respectively. 

Each
Warrant is exercisable for one share of common stock, subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends, stock splits, stock combinations,
reclassifications, reorganizations or similar events affecting the common stock as described in the Prospectus. Subject to certain exemptions
outlined in the Three Year Warrants and Five Year Warrants, if the Company sells, enters into an agreement to sell, or grants any option
to purchase, or sell, enters into an agreement to sell, or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces
any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any shares of common stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined
in the Three Year Warrants and Five Year Warrants), at an effective price per share less than the exercise price of the Three Year Warrants
or Five Year Warrants then in effect, the exercise price of the Three Year Warrants and Five Year Warrants will be reduced to equal the
effective price per share in such dilutive issuance; provided, however, in no event will the exercise price of the Three Year Warrants
and Five Year Warrants be reduced to an exercise price lower than . Additionally, on the date that is 60 calendar days immediately
following the initial issuance date of the Three Year Warrants and Five Year Warrants, the exercise price will be reduced to the Reset
Price (as hereinafter defined), provided that the Reset Price is less than the exercise price in effect on that date. . 

On
October 13, 2022, the (i) conversion price of the Senior Secured Convertible Notes, and the (ii) exercise price per share of common stock
under the warrants to purchase common stock, issued by the Company and held by CVI Investments, Inc. and Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd.
(the Holders was reduced to per share of common stock based on the offering price of each Unit in the Offering and
in accordance with waivers by the Holders, as further described in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022. 

The
terms of the Three Year Warrants and Five Year Warrants are governed by a Warrant Agency Agreement (the Warrant Agency Agreement ),
dated as of the Closing Date, by and between the Company and Pacific Stock Transfer Company (the Warrant Agent ). Pursuant
to the terms of the Warrant Agency Agreement, the Company agreed to indemnify the Warrant Agent in its roles as transfer agent and warrant
agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all liabilities, including judgments, costs
and reasonable counsel fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability
due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Promissory
Note Amortization Payment 

On
October 19, 2022, the Company made a cash payment in the aggregate amount of for the monthly Amortization . 

Restricted Stock Issuance 

On October 26, 2022, the Company issued restricted shares of common
stock for NHL Exchangeable Shares under the terms and conditions of a Share Exchange Agreement
which closed on June 24, 2021. 

CVI
Investments, Inc. Exchange Offer and Amendment 

On November 14, 2022, the
Company entered into an exchange offer and amendment (the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment with CVI. Pursuant to the terms
of the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, (i) the Company exchanged one share of the Company s common stock for each share of common
stock (the CVI Warrant Exchange underlying the warrant to purchase common stock, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued
by the Company to CVI (the CVI Warrant and (ii) the Company and CVI amended certain provisions of the senior secured convertible
note, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to CVI (the CVI Note ), all as more fully described below and
as set forth in the CVI Warrant and the CVI Note, as applicable. On November 15, 2022 and January 5, 2023, and shares
of common stock were issued under the terms and conditions of the CVI Warrant Exchange. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company and CVI agreed to amend the CVI Note such that (i) the Company shall
pay the interest originally payable in November 2022 and December 2022 upon execution of the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, (ii) the
Company shall pay a extension fee to CVI on January 15, 2023, on February 14, 2023, on March 14,
2023, on April 14, 2023, and on May 15, 2023), (iii) the payment dates for the principal originally payable in November
2022 and December 2022 shall be extended such that 1/5 of such respective principal amount shall instead be paid on each Amortization
Date (as defined in the CVI Note) during January 2023, February 2023, March 2023, April 2023, and May 2023, in addition to the Amortization
Redemption Amounts (as defined in the CVI Note) (the Amortization Redemption Amounts due on the aforementioned dates in
2023. 

Also,
pursuant to the terms of the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company agreed to hold an annual or special meeting of stockholders
on or prior to the date that is 90 calendar days after November 14, 2022, for the purpose of obtaining shareholder approval Shareholder
Approval to amend the CVI Note as follows: 

(i)
the definition of Conversion Price (as defined in the CVI Note) (the Conversion Price shall be amended such that, as
to the first of principal amount of the CVI Note converted after the date that the Shareholder Approval is obtained, the
Conversion Price shall be the lower of (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time and (ii) of the lowest VWAP (as defined
in the CVI Note) during the five trading days immediately prior to the applicable conversion date (the Adjusted Conversion
Price ), provided, however, that the portion of the first of principal amount of the CVI Note that is converted
pursuant to a voluntary conversion by CVI shall reduce each of the remaining Amortization Redemption Amounts proportionately on a
pro rata basis; 

(ii)
CVI may accelerate up to four Amortization Redemption Amounts (as defined in the Notes) provided that CVI agrees to accept shares of
common stock instead of cash for such payments at a price per share equal to the Adjusted Conversion Price as calculated on the
immediately preceding Amortization Date (as defined in the CVI Note)); and 

(iii)
upon mutual consent by the Company and CVI, CVI may elect to utilize the Adjusted Conversion Price for the balance of the
Notes. 

The
CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment further provides that from November 14, 2022 until 30 days following November 14, 2022, neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance
of any common stock or any securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, or (ii) enter into any agreement to amend, exchange
or otherwise provide any incentive to exercise any of the warrants originally issued together with the Exchange Warrants or any other
warrants of the Company that are outstanding on November 14, 2022, in each such case except with respect to certain exempt issuances. 

Hudson
Bay Master Fund Ltd. Exchange Offer and Amendment 

Also,
on November 14, 2022, the Company entered into an exchange offer and amendment (the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and
Amendment with Hudson Bay. Pursuant to the terms of the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment, (i) the Company exchanged
one share of the Company s common stock for each share of common stock (the Hudson Bay Warrant Exchange underlying the warrant to purchase common stock, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to Hudson Bay (the
 Hudson Bay Warrant and (ii) the Company and Hudson Bay amended certain provisions of the senior secured convertible
note, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to Hudson Bay (the Hudson Bay Note ), all as more fully
described below and as set forth in the Hudson Bay Warrant and the Hudson Bay Note, as applicable. On November 15, 2022, shares of common stock were issued under the terms and conditions of the Hudson Bay
Warrant Exchange. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company and Hudson Bay agreed to amend the Hudson Bay Note such that
(i) the Company shall pay the interest originally payable in November 2022 and December 2022 upon execution of the Hudson Bay Exchange
Offer and Amendment, (ii) the Company shall pay a extension fee to Hudson Bay on January 15, 2023, on February
14, 2023, on March 14, 2023, on April 14, 2023, and on May 15, 2023), (iii) the payment dates for the principal
originally payable in November 2022 and December 2022 shall be extended such that 1/5 of such respective principal amount shall instead
be paid on each Amortization Date (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note) during January 2023, February 2023, March 2023, April 2023, and
May 2023, in addition to the Amortization Redemption Amounts (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note) (the Amortization Redemption
Amounts due on the aforementioned dates in 2023. 

Also,
pursuant to the terms of the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company agreed to hold an annual or special meeting of stockholders
on or prior to the date that is 90 calendar days after November 14, 2022, for the purpose of obtaining shareholder approval Shareholder
Approval to amend the Hudson Bay Note as follows: 

(i)
the definition of Conversion Price (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note) (the Conversion Price shall be amended such
that, as to the first of principal amount of the Hudson Bay Note converted after the date that the Shareholder Approval
is obtained, the Conversion Price shall be the lower of (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time and (ii) of the lowest
VWAP (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note) during the five trading days immediately prior to the applicable conversion date (the
 Adjusted Conversion Price ), provided, however, that the portion of the first of principal amount of the
Hudson Bay Note that is converted pursuant to a voluntary conversion by Hudson Bay shall reduce each of the remaining Amortization
Redemption Amounts proportionately on a pro rata basis; 

(ii)
Hudson Bay may accelerate up to four Amortization Redemption Amounts (as defined in the Notes) provided that Hudson Bay agrees to
accept shares of Common Stock instead of cash for such payments at a price per share equal to the Adjusted Conversion Price as
calculated on the immediately preceding Amortization Date (as defined in the Hudson Bay Note)); and 

(iii)
upon mutual consent by the Company and Hudson Bay, Hudson Bay may elect to utilize the Adjusted Conversion Price for the balance of
the Notes. 

The
Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment further provides that from November 14, 2022 until 30 days following November 14, 2022, neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance
of any Common Stock or any securities convertible or exchangeable into Common Stock, or (ii) enter into any agreement to amend, exchange
or otherwise provide any incentive to exercise any of the warrants originally issued together with the Exchange Warrants or any other
warrants of the Company that are outstanding on November 14, 2022, in each such case except with respect to certain exempt issuances. 

Promissory
Note Amortization Payment Interest Only 

On
November 14, 2022, as provided in the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company made a cash payment, in the amount of , for
the monthly interest owed on the CVI Note outstanding principal balance. On November 14, 2022, as provided in the Hudson Bay Exchange
Offer and Amendment, the Company made a cash payment, in the amount of , for the monthly interest owed on the Hudson Bay Note
outstanding principal balance. 

On January 17, 2023, March 2, 2023, and March
14, 2023, the Company made an interest payment on the Hudson Bay Note, to Hudson Bay, in the amount of ,
 ,
and ,
respectively. On January 17, 2023, March 2, 2023, and March 14, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and
Amendment, the Company paid, to Hudson Bay, extension fees in the amount of ,
 ,
and ,
respectively. On March 24, 2023, the Company paid to Hudson Bay an aggregate of , representing the remaining principal balance
on the Hudson Bay Note ), interest on the Hudson Bay Note ), and extension fees ). As of March 24, 2023, the Hudson
Bay Note was paid in full and amounts remain due and outstanding in respect of the Hudson Bay Note. 

On March 14, 2023, the Company made a principal
payment on the CVI Note, to CVI, in the amount of 
and an interest payment on the CVI Note, to CVI, in the amount of .
Also on March 14, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company paid, to CVI, an extension fee in
the amount of . On March 24, 2023, the Company paid to CVI an extension fee in the amount of . As of March 24, 2023, the CVI
Note was paid in full and amounts remain due and outstanding in respect of the CVI Note. 

Share
Issuances in Connection with Warrant Exercises 

Subsequent to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022,
the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to certain warrant holders upon exercise of their warrants related
to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401) declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission
on October 13, 2022. 
 
 Share
Issuances in Connection with Note Conversions 

Subsequent
to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 
 shares of common stock to certain note holders
upon conversion of their notes. As of March 31, 2023, (i) the principal balance owed by the Company to Hudson Bay pursuant to the senior
secured convertible note, dated as of December 14, 2021, as amended, issued by the Company to Hudson Bay is ,
(ii) the principal balance owed by the Company to CVI pursuant to the senior secured convertible note, dated as of December 14, 2021,
as amended, issued by the Company to CVI is ;
and (iii) the principal balance owed by the Company to Jefferson pursuant to the secured convertible note, dated as of November 17, 2021,
as amended, issued by the Company to Jefferson is . 

Share
Issuance in Exchange for Certain NHL Non-Voting Special Shares 

Subsequent
to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in exchange for certain non-voting special
shares of NHL, previously issued in connection with NHL s acquisition of Acenzia that closed on June 24, 2021. 

Nasdaq
Notification Minimum Bid Price Requirement 

On
November 21, 2022, the Company received a notification letter (the November Notification Letter from The Nasdaq Stock
Market, LLC Nasdaq that it is not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirements set forth in Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5550(a)(2) for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) requires listed securities to
maintain a minimum bid price of 
per share, and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) provides that a failure to meet the minimum bid price requirement exists if the
deficiency continues for a period of 30 consecutive business days. Based on the closing bid price of the Company s common
stock between October 10, 2022 and November 11, 2022, the Company no longer meets the minimum bid price requirement. The November
Notification Letter has no immediate effect on the listing or trading of the Company s common stock on The Nasdaq Capital
Market and, at this time, the common stock will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol
 NVOS. 

The
November Notification Letter provides that the Company has 180 calendar days, or until May 22, 2023, to regain compliance with
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). To regain compliance, the bid price of the Company s common stock must have a closing bid
price of at least 
per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days. If the Company does not regain compliance by May 22, 2023, an additional
180 days may be granted to regain compliance, so long as the Company meets The Nasdaq Capital Market continued listing requirements
(except for the bid price requirement) and notifies Nasdaq in writing of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second
compliance period. If the Company does not qualify for the second compliance period or fails to regain compliance during the second
180-day period, then Nasdaq will notify the Company of its determination to delist the Company s common stock, at which point
the Company will have an opportunity to appeal the delisting determination to a hearings panel. 

The
Company intends to monitor the closing bid price of its common stock and will consider implementing available options to regain compliance
with the minimum bid price requirement under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

Information Statement on Schedule 14C 

On
January 4, 2023, the Company filed with the SEC a definitive information statement on Schedule 14C (the 14C ).
The 14C relates to the notice to stockholders concerning the approval by written consent of stockholders holding a majority
of the Company s issued and outstanding voting securities (the Majority Stockholders of the effectuation of the
transactions provided for in each exchange offer and amendment entered into on November 14, 2022 by the Company (the Exchange
Offers and Amendments with CVI and Hudson Bay, including but not limited to the following amendments to the senior secured convertible
notes, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to CVI and Hudson (the Notes ): 

(i)
the definition of Conversion Price (as defined in the Notes) (the Conversion Price shall be amended such that, as to the
first of principal amount of each of the Notes converted after the date that shareholder approval is obtained, the Conversion
Price shall be the lower of (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time and (ii) of the lowest VWAP (as defined in Notes) during
the five trading days immediately prior to the applicable conversion date (the Adjusted Conversion Price ), provided, however,
that the portion of the first of principal amount of each of the Notes that is converted pursuant to a voluntary conversion
by the holders of each of the Notes shall reduce each of the remaining Amortization Redemption Amounts proportionately on a pro rata
basis; 

(ii)
Each of the holders of the Notes may accelerate up to four Amortization Redemption Amounts (as defined in the Notes) provided that such
holder agrees to accept shares of Common Stock instead of cash for such payments at a price per share equal to the Adjusted Conversion
Price as calculated on the immediately preceding Amortization Date (as defined in the Notes)); and 

(iii)
upon mutual consent by the Company and each of the holders of the Notes, such holder may elect to utilize the Adjusted Conversion Price
for the balance of the Notes. 

Accordingly,
the Majority Stockholders approved, by written consent, the issuance of the total number of shares of Company common stock of the Company
necessary to effectuate the Exchange Offers and Amendments, which is currently an indeterminate number due to the methodology of the
conversion pricing as described herein and in the Exchange Offers and Amendments. 

Stockholder
approval of the Exchange Offers and Amendments was required by Rule 5635(d) of The Nasdaq Stock Market, which requires stockholder approval
prior to a 20 issuance of securities at a price that is less than the Minimum Price (as defined in the information statement) in a transaction
other than a public offering. A 20 issuance is a transaction, other than a public offering, involving the sale, issuance or potential
issuance by the company of common stock (or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock), which alone or together with
sales by officers, directors or substantial stockholders of the company, equals 20 or more of the common stock or 20 or more of the
voting power outstanding before the issuance. 

Such
approval and consent by the Majority Stockholders constitute the approval and consent of a majority of the total number of shares of
the Company s outstanding voting stock and is sufficient under the Nevada Revised Statutes, the Company s Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation, as amended, and the Company s Bylaws to approve the Exchange Offers and Amendments. Accordingly, the
actions will not be submitted to the other stockholders of the Company for a vote, and the information statement has been furnished to such other stockholders to provide them with certain information concerning the actions in accordance
with the requirements of the Exchange Act, and the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act, including Regulation 14C. 

Jefferson
Street Letter Agreement 

As
previously disclosed, on June 1, 2022, the Company and Jefferson agreed to extend the maturity date of the Jefferson Note to November
29, 2022 with a principal amount face value of and interest rate that shall accrue at a rate equal to per annum. On December
2, 2022, the Company made a partial payment of toward principal and interest owed on the Jefferson Note, leaving a balance of
 . On December 13, 2022, the Company, Terra and Jefferson entered into a letter agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the letter
agreement, Jefferson agreed to forbear from entering an event of default under the terms of the Jefferson Note and related transaction
documents until December 29, 2022. In addition, the parties agreed to release the Collateral Shares to Jefferson. Effective February 16, 2023, the Jefferson Note has been paid in full. 

Nasdaq
Notification Delinquent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q Filings 

On
December 15, 2022, the Company received a notification letter (the December Notification Letter from Nasdaq that it
is not in compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing rules due to its failure to timely file its Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 (the 2022 10-K ). On January 25, 2023, the Company received a notification
letter (the January Notification Letter from Nasdaq advising the Company that it was not in compliance with
Nasdaq s continued listing requirements as a result of its failure to timely file the 2022 10-K and its Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2022 (the Form 10-Q ). On February 13, 2023, the Company submitted
a plan to regain compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing rules with the respect to the Form 10-K and the Form 10-Q. If
Nasdaq accepts the Company s plan, then Nasdaq may grant an exception of up to 180 calendar days from the due date of the Form
10-K, or until June 12, 2023, to regain compliance. 

SwagCheck
Agreement 

On
December 23, 2022, the Company, SwagCheck Inc. SWAG ), and all SWAG shareholders (collectively, the SWAG Shareholders entered into that certain Share Purchase Agreement (the SWAG Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the SWAG Agreement, the
Company agreed to purchase, and the SWAG Shareholders agreed to sell to the Company, 100 of the outstanding shares of SWAG in exchange
for (the SWAG Purchase ). SWAG holds a specific right of purchase of a precious gem collection (the Gems as provided for in an agreement between SWAG and a Court-appointed Successor Receiver for the United States District Court for the Central
District of California (the Receiver ). 

The
parties have made customary representations, warranties and covenants in the SWAG Agreement. In addition to certain customary closing
conditions, the obligations of SWAG and the SWAG Shareholders to consummate the closing of the SWAG Purchase are subject to the satisfaction
(or waiver by any of SWAG or the SWAG Shareholders), at or before the closing date, of certain conditions, including that (i) the Company
will have received a financing commitment of at least million by December 27, 2022, with a closing date no later than December 30,
2022, (ii) million will be distributed directly to a Receiver for the purchase of the Gems by SWAG, and (iii) million is a Mark-up
to be distributed for the benefit of the outgoing SWAG Shareholders. 

In
addition to certain customary closing conditions in the SWAG Agreement, the obligations of SWAG and the SWAG Shareholders to consummate
the closing of the SWAG Purchase were subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by any of SWAG or the SWAG Shareholders), at or before the
closing date, of certain conditions, including that (i) the Company will have provided SWAG with a binding letter of intent (a LOI by a competent financing party for financing in the amount of at least million by December 27, 2022 with a closing date no later
than December 30, 2022, (ii) million will be distributed directly to the Receiver for the purchase of the Gems by SWAG, and (iii)
 million is a mark-up to be distributed for the benefit of the outgoing SWAG Shareholders. 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company, SWAG and the SWAG Shareholders entered into Amendment No. 1 to the SWAG Agreement (the SWAG Amendment ).
Pursuant to the terms of the SWAG Amendment, the parties agreed as follows: 

The closing
 of the SWAG Purchase will occur no later than January 10, 2023, with all contemplated extensions being subject to the Receiver s
 stipulations, conditions, and limitations. 

The condition for the Company
 to provide SWAG with a binding LOI has been deleted. 

A total of million
 will be distributed as follows: (i) million will be distributed to the Receiver for the purchase of the Gems by SWAG, and (ii)
 a million mark-up will be distributed directly for the benefit of the outgoing SWAG Shareholders. 

Although
the SWAG Agreement has not yet closed, the parties continue to work together with the intention of closing the transaction. Following
the closing of SWAG Purchase, SWAG will be a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and will own title to the Gems, which the Company
intends to either collateralize or sell to raise capital. 

Mast
Hill Securities Purchase Agreement Note 

On
February 23, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Mast Hill SPA with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. Mast Hill ), pursuant to which the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Mast Hill Note with
a maturity date of February 23, 2024 (the Mast Hill Maturity Date ), in the principal sum of (the Mast Hill
Principal Sum ). In addition, the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant for the purchase of up to shares of
the Company s common stock (the Mast Hill Warrant to Mast Hill pursuant to the Mast Hill SPA. Pursuant to the terms
of the Mast Hill Note, the Company agreed to pay the Mast Hill Principal Sum to Mast Hill and to pay interest on the principal balance
at the rate of per annum. The Mast Hill Note carries an OID of . Accordingly, on the closing date, Mast Hill paid the purchase
price of in exchange for the Mast Hill Note and the Mast Hill Warrant. Mast Hill may convert the Mast Hill Note into shares
of the Company s common stock at any time at a conversion price equal to per share, subject to adjustment as provided in
the Mast Hill Note (including but not limited to certain price protection provisions in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to
certain customary exempt transactions) as well as certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Mast Hill Note, the Company agreed to pay accrued interest monthly as well as the Mast Hill Principal Sum as follows:
(i) on August 23, 2023, (ii) on September 23, 2023, (iii) on October 23, 2023, (iv) on November 23, 2023,
(v) on December 23, 2023, (vi) on January 23, 2023, and (vii) all remaining amounts owed under the Mast Hill Note on
the Mast Hill Maturity Date (each of the aforementioned payments are an Amortization Payment ). If the Company fails to
make any Amortization Payment, then Mast Hill shall have the right to convert the amount of such respective Amortization Payment into
shares of common stock as provided in the Mast Hill Note at the lesser of (i) the then applicable conversion price under the Mast Hill
Note, or (ii) of the lowest VWAP of the Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading days prior to the
respective conversion date. 

The
Company may prepay the Mast Hill Note at any time prior to the date that an Event of Default (as defined in the Mast Hill Note) occurs
at an amount equal to the Mast Hill Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus 
for administrative fees. The Mast Hill Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults, breach
of representations and warranties, and breach of provisions of the Mast Hill Note, Mast Hill Warrant, or Mast Hill SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Mast Hill Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Mast
Hill, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Mast Hill Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued
interest multiplied by . Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from the date of the Event of
Default at the rate equal to the lower of per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The
Mast Hill Warrant is exercisable for five years from February 23, 2023, at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment
as provided in the Mast Hill Warrant. The Mast Hill Warrant also contains certain cashless exercise provisions as well as price protection
provisions providing for adjustment of the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Mast Hill
Warrant and the exercise price in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions. 

As
additional consideration for the purchase of the Mast Hill Note and pursuant to the terms of the Mast Hill SPA, on February 24,
2023, the Company issued 
restricted shares of common stock (the Commitment Shares to Mast Hill at closing. The Mast Hill SPA contains
customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject to certain
exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the Commitment Shares as well as the shares of common stock underlying
the Mast Hill Note and the Mast Hill Warrant. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the Mast Hill Note and
the Mast Hill Warrant, the sum of the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the Mast Hill SPA (including the
Commitment Shares), the Mast Hill Note, and the Mast Hill Warrant shall be limited to 
of the issued and outstanding common stock on the closing date (equal to 
shares) as further described in the Mast Hill SPA, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is obtained by the
Company. 

On
March 23, 2023, the Company made a monthly interest-only payment to Mast Hill in the amount of . 

March
2023 FirstFire Securities Purchase Agreement, Note Warrant 

On
March 21, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the SPA with FirstFire, pursuant to which the
Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the 2023 FirstFire Note with a maturity date of March 21, 2024, in the
principal sum of (the Principal Sum ). In addition, the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant for the
purchase of up to shares of the Company s common stock (the 2023 FirstFire Warrant to FirstFire pursuant
to the SPA. Pursuant to the terms of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the Company agreed to pay the Principal Sum to FirstFire and to pay interest
on the principal balance at the rate of per annum. The 2023 FirstFire Note carries an OID of . Accordingly, on the closing
date, FirstFire paid the purchase price of in exchange for the 2023 FirstFire Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. FirstFire
may convert the 2023 FirstFire Note into the Company s common stock at any time at a conversion price equal to per share,
subject to adjustment as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Note (including but not limited to certain price protection provisions in case
of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions) as well as certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the Company agreed to pay accrued interest monthly as well as the Principal Sum as follows:
(i) on September 21, 2023, (ii) on October 21, 2023, (iii) on November 21, 2023, (iv) on December 21,
2023, (v) on January 21, 2024, (vi) on February 21, 2024, and (vii) all remaining amounts owed under the 2023 FirstFire
Note on the maturity date (each of the aforementioned payments are an Amortization Payment ). If the Company fails to make
any Amortization Payment, then FirstFire shall have the right to convert the amount of such respective Amortization Payment into shares
of common stock as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Note at the lesser of (i) the then applicable conversion price under the 2023 FirstFire
Note or (ii) of the lowest VWAP of the Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading days prior to the
respective conversion date. 

The
Company may prepay the 2023 FirstFire Note at any time prior to the date that an event of default (as provided in the 2023 FirstFire
Note) occurs at an amount equal to the Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus 
for administrative fees. The 2023 FirstFire Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults,
breach of representations and warranties, and breach of provisions of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the 2023 FirstFire Warrant, or SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any event of default, the 2023 FirstFire Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to
FirstFire, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued interest
multiplied by (the Default Amount ). Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from
the date of the Event of Default at the rate equal to the lower of per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The
2023 FirstFire Warrant is exercisable for five years from March 21, 2023, at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment
as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. The 2023 FirstFire Warrant also contains certain cashless exercise provisions as well as price
protection provisions providing for adjustment of the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the 2023 FirstFire Warrants
and the exercise price in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions. 

As
additional consideration for the purchase of the 2023 FirstFire Note and pursuant to the terms of the SPA, on March 22, 2023, the
Company issued 
restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Commitment Shares to FirstFire at closing. The SPA
contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject to certain
exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the Commitment Shares as well as the shares of common stock underlying
the 2023 FirstFire Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the 2023
FirstFire Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant, the sum of the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the SPA
(including the Commitment Shares), the 2023 FirstFire Note, and 2023 FirstFire Warrant shall be limited to 
shares as further described in the SPA, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is obtained by the Company. 

F- 46 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

The
Company s Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of August 31, 2022. Based upon such evaluation,
the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that, as of August 31, 2022, the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as required under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rue 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
of the Exchange Act) of the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The
Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

Management,
under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that
the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of August 31, 2022 under the criteria set forth in
the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework . 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. Management has determined that a material weakness exists due to a lack of segregation of duties. Currently,
management contracts with an outside certified public accountant to assist the Company with preparation of its filings required pursuant
to the Exchange Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2022 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

As
previously disclosed, on June 1, 2022, the Company and Jefferson agreed to extend the maturity date of the Jefferson Note to November
29, 2022 with a principal amount face value of 937,500 and interest rate that shall accrue at a rate equal to 1 per annum. On December
2, 2022, the Company made a partial payment of 199,980 toward principal and interest owed on the Jefferson Note, leaving a balance of
 746,875. On December 13, 2022, the Company, Terra and Jefferson entered into a letter agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the letter
agreement, Jefferson agreed to forbear from entering an event of default under the terms of the Jefferson Note and related transaction
documents until December 29, 2022. In addition, the parties agreed to release the Collateral Shares to Jefferson. Effective February 16, 2023, the Jefferson Note has been paid in full. 

The
letter agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants. The foregoing summary of the letter agreement is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the letter agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.49 to this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

116 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Set
forth below is certain information concerning the directors and executive officers of the Company. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Robert Mattacchione 
 
 54 
 
 Chairman of the Board and
 Chief Executive Officer of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Christopher David 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Operating Officer, President, and Director of
 Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

James Zsebok 
 
 56 
 
 Principal Financial Officer
 of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Sarfaraz Ali 
 
 47 
 
 Director of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Alex Flesias 
 
 40 
 
 Director of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Michael Pope 
 
 42 
 
 Director of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Biographies 

Robert
Mattacchione. Mr. Mattacchione has served as the Company s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since October
2018. He is a co-founder and the Chairman of Novo Healthnet Limited, which was founded in September 2013 and acquired by the Company
in May 2017. 

Mr.
Mattacchione brings knowledge and experience leading the development of operational business interests worldwide, including mining exploration
and production of natural resources in Europe and South America, pharmaceutical product development and manufacturing in Africa and Europe,
and renewable energy development and production in South America. Mr. Mattacchione provides the Company with deep experience in formulating
adaptive strategies, analyzing processes and engaging highly qualified personnel. Mr. Mattacchione does not hold, and has not previously
held, any directorships in any reporting companies. 

On
June 1, 2012, the Financial Services Commission of Ontario entered a cease-and-desist order against Mr. Mattacchione and a company with
which Mr. Mattacchione was affiliated. Pursuant to the order, Mr. Mattacchione was required to cease and desist from making and/or publishing
any statements to the effect that an affiliate of Mr. Mattacchione can arrange for, secure or facilitate insurance coverage until a contract
or insurance providing for such coverage has been put in place in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The order does not
prohibit Mr. Mattacchione or his affiliate from conducting business, or continuing in business or other operations, but requires that
a specific contract be put in place prior to proceeding with certain marketing. Following a hearing, the Superintendent did not impose
penalties or make any findings of wrongdoing against Mr. Mattacchione. Mr. Mattacchione asserted that he had not approved any marketing
for release and when he saw that the same had been distributed, immediately required that it cease, even prior to the Superintendent s
action. 

Christopher
M. David. In August 2014, Mr. David was appointed as the Company s Secretary, Treasurer and Board Director. In May 2015, Mr.
David was appointed as the Company s President and resigned as the Company s Secretary and Treasurer. In June 2021, Mr. David
was appointed as the Company s Chief Operating Officer. 

Mr.
David brings knowledge and experience based on his past 25 years as a private investor in both private and public companies. In addition,
Mr. David has been an advisor on operational, internal control, marketing and finance matters to numerous small and medium size businesses
in the pharmaceutical, biotech, television-movie media, real-estate, technology and industrial commodity industries. Mr. David had been
a shareholder of the Company for over 6 years prior to assuming his duties as the Company s Secretary, Treasurer and Board Director
in August 2014. 

Mr.
David does not hold, and has not previously held, any directorships in any reporting companies. Prior to Mr. David professional business
career, he retired from the U S Navy officer ranks in 1994. Mr. David is a 1989 graduate of University of Washington with a B.A. degree
in Political Science. 

James
Zsebok. Mr. Zsebok has served as the Company s Principal Financial Officer since June 2021 managing all accounting and finance
functions. In addition, Mr. Zsebok serves as NHL s Vice-President, Finance. Mr. Zsebok brings over 29 years of corporate finance
and operational experience, including a 16-year tenure, from 1998 to 2014, holding the position of CFO, Director of Mergers and Acquisitions,
and Treasurer at Flex-N-Gate, a provider of parts and systems for the automotive industry. From 1988 to 1998, Mr. Zsebok held various
accounting and finance related positions at Imperial Chemical Industries, Siemens Automotive, Cardon, PLC, and TRIAM Automotive, Inc.
In 2014, Mr. Zsebok founded RTZ Consulting Group, which provides fractional CFO services, as well as M A and debt-equity advisory
services. 

117 

Mr.
Zsebok does not hold, and has not previously held, any directorships in any reporting companies. In 1988, Mr. Zsebok graduated with a
B.A., Economics (Honors) from Trent University in Peterborough, Canada. 

Sarfaraz
Ali. Mr. Ali brings over 17 years of knowledge and experience in the ownership and development of operational business enterprises
worldwide, including supermarket chains, bakery chain stores, ride-share services, and clean water products in Bangladesh, commercial
real estate and blockchain technology implementation in Canada, private equity investment and financing in Dubai, and international trade
of consumer goods based primarily in Thailand. 

Mr.
Ali provides the Company with proven expertise in delivering system and operational efficiency while managing aggressive, yet sustainable
growth. As a successful business owner, he brings the Company a wealth of knowledge in areas related to formulating adaptive strategies,
supply-chain management, retail marketing, product manufacturing, B2B and B2C e-commerce strategies and implementation, and product distribution
worldwide. Since 2006, Mr. Ali has served as the CEO and Executive Director of Khulshi Mart which operates supermarket stores and other
private enterprises in Bangladesh. Since 2010, Mr. Ali has served as the CEO and Executive Director of K Bakery Outlets, a chain of fresh
food stores operating in Bangladesh. In addition, since 2010, Mr. Ali has been a board member of Grameen Solutions, Ltd, the flagship
technology company of the Grameen family of organizations founded in 1999 by Dr. Muhammad Yunus, a recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize
in 2006, the U.S. Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2009, and the Congressional Gold Medal in 2010 for pioneering the concepts of microcredit
and microfinance. In addition, Mr. Ali holds board of director positions in private companies located in the Middle East and South Asia.
In 2002, Mr. Ali earned his B.S. degree in finance and accounting from Indiana University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Ali holds dual citizenship
of both Bangladesh and Canada. 

Alex
Flesias, B.A., LLB. Mr. Flesias has been a partner at Hammond Flesias Law Firm in Toronto, Canada since 2007. Mr. Flesias manages
a general commercial litigation practice with a strong focus on construction and real estate related matters. He has extensive experience
litigating complex disputes involving financial institutions, as well as landlord-tenant matters. In 1997, Mr. Flesias graduated with
an Honours Bachelor of Arts Degree in Political Science and History from the University of Toronto, followed by earning his Master of
Arts degree in Political Science at York University in 1998. Mr. Flesias obtained his LLB from Osgoode Hall Law School in 2000. As a
lawyer with vast exposure to the business world, Mr. Flesias provides the Company with a unique diversity of thought and background integral
to making well informed decisions and judgments. 

Michael
Pope. Mr. Pope serves as the CEO and Chairman at Boxlight Corporation (Nasdaq: BOXL), a global provider of interactive technology
solutions, where he has been an executive since July 2015 and director since September 2014. Mr. Pope has led Boxlight through nine acquisitions
from 2016 to 2020, a Nasdaq IPO in November 2017, and over 100 million in debt and equity fundraising. He previously served as Managing
Director at Vert Capital, a private equity and advisory firm from October 2011 to October 2016, managing portfolio holdings in the education,
consumer products, technology and digital media sectors. Prior to joining Vert Capital, from May 2008 to October 2011, Mr. Pope was Chief
Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer for the Taylor Family in Salt Lake City, managing family investment holdings in consumer
products, professional services, real estate and education. Mr. Pope also held positions including senior SEC reporting at Omniture (previously
listed on Nasdaq and acquired by Adobe (Nasdaq:ADBE) in 2009) and Assurance Associate at Grant Thornton. He holds an active CPA license
and serves on the boards of various organizations. Mr. Pope has served as a member of the board of directors of Focus Universal, Inc.
(OTCQB: FCUV) Focus Universal since June 2018. Focus Universal is a universal smart instrument developer and manufacturer
specializing in the development and commercialization of novel and proprietary universal smart technologies and instruments. In addition,
Mr. Pope served as a director of DS Healthcare Group, Inc. DS Healthcare ), a developer of proprietary technologies and
products for hair care and personal care needs, from April 2015 to April 2016. DS Healthcare was previously registered under Section
12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Mr. Pope earned his undergraduate and graduate degrees in accounting from Brigham
Young University with academic honors. Our Board believes Mr. Pope s broad and extensive finance and operations experience uniquely
position him to provide a wide array of insight and knowledge as the Company pursues its next phase of growth and expansion. 

118 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Except
as otherwise provided above as to Robert Mattacchione, no director, executive officer, significant employee, or control person of the
Company has been involved in any legal or regulatory proceeding listed in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

Board
Composition 

Our
business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board of Directors. The number of directors is fixed by our Board of Directors,
subject to our articles of incorporation and our bylaws. Currently, our Board of Directors consists of five directors: Messrs. Mattacchione,
David, Flesias, Pope and Ali. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board of Directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director, under the Nasdaq listing rules. Based on information
provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, our Board of Directors has determined that (i)
Messrs. Pope, Flesias, and Ali do not have a material relationship with us that could compromise his ability to exercise independent
judgment in carrying out his responsibilities and that each of these directors is independent as that term is defined under
the listing standards of Nasdaq, and (ii) Messrs. Mattacchione and David are not independent directors. Accordingly, a majority of our
Board of Directors is independent. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

Our
Board of Directors has a Chairman, Mr. Mattacchione. The Chairman has authority, among other things, to preside over Board meetings and
set the agenda for Board meetings. Accordingly, the Chairman has substantial ability to shape the work of our Board of Directors. We
believe that separation of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is not necessary at this time to ensure appropriate oversight
by the Board of Directors of our business and affairs. However, no single leadership model is right for all companies and at all times.
The Board of Directors recognizes that depending on the circumstances, other leadership models, such as the appointment of a lead independent
director, might be appropriate. Accordingly, the Board of Directors may periodically review its leadership structure. In addition, the
Board of Directors will hold executive sessions in which only independent directors are present. 

Our
Board of Directors is generally responsible for the oversight of corporate risk in its review and deliberations relating to our activities.
Our principal source of risk falls into two categories, financial and product commercialization. The audit committee will oversee management
of financial risks; our Board of Directors regularly reviews information regarding our cash position, liquidity and operations, as well
as the risks associated with each. The Board of Directors regularly reviews plans, results and potential risks related to our product
development and commercialization efforts. Our compensation committee is expected to oversee risk management as it relates to our compensation
plans, policies and practices for all employees including executives and directors, particularly whether our compensation programs may
create incentives for our employees to take excessive or inappropriate risks which could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Board
Committees 

Our
Board of Directors has established three standing committees the audit committee, compensation committee, and nominating and corporate
governance committee each of which operates under a charter that has been approved by our Board of Directors. We have appointed
persons to the Board of Directors and committees of the Board as required meeting the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq
Listing Rules. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have an audit committee comprised of three independent directors: Messrs. Pope, Ali and Flesias. Mr. Pope serves as Chairman of the audit
committee. Mr. Pope satisfies the definition of audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations
and the Nasdaq listing rules. In making a determination on which member will qualify as a financial expert, our Board of Directors considered
the formal education and nature and scope of such members previous experience. 

119 

Our
audit committee is responsible for, among other things: 

To oversee our accounting
 and financial reporting and disclosure processes and the audit of our financial statements. 

To select and retain an
 independent registered public accounting firm to act as our independent auditors. 

To review with management,
 the internal audit department and our independent auditors the adequacy and effectiveness of our financial reporting processes, internal
 control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, including any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses. 

To review and discuss with
 our independent auditors and management our annual audited financial statements (including the related notes), the form of audit
 opinion to be issued by the auditors on the financial statements and the disclosure under Management s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to be included in our annual report on Form 10-K. 

To review and approve the
 functions of our accounting department and approve the hiring or dismissal of the Chief Financial Officer, or such person as may,
 from time to time, be delegated such internal audit function by the Board. 

To review and discuss with
 management policies and guidelines to govern the process by which management assesses and manages our risks. 

To establish and oversee
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls
 or auditing matters and the confidential, anonymous submission by Company employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting
 or auditing matters. 

To review, approve and
 oversee any transaction between us and any related person and any other potential conflict of interest situations. 

To meet at least four times
 a year to fulfill its responsibilities. 

To review the audit committee
 charter at least annually and recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have a compensation committee comprised of three independent directors: Messrs. Ali, Pope and Flesias. Mr. Ali serves as Chair of the
compensation committee. 

Our
compensation committee assists our Board of Directors in the discharge of its responsibilities relating to the compensation of our executive
officers. Our compensation committee is responsible for, among other things: 

To review and approve the
 compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and to approve the compensation of all other executive officers. 

To review, and approve
 and, when appropriate, recommend to the Board for approval, any employment agreements and any severance arrangements or plans, including
 any benefits to be provided in connection with a change in control, for the CEO and other executive officers, which includes the
 ability to adopt, amend and terminate such agreements, arrangements or plans. 

To review our incentive
 compensation arrangements. 

To review and recommend
 to the Board for approval the frequency with which we will conduct Say on Pay Votes. 

To review director compensation
 for service on the Board and Board committees at least once a year and to recommend any changes to the Board. 

To meet at least two times
 a year. 

To review the compensation
 committee charter at least annually and recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval. 

120 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

We
have a nominating and corporate governance committee comprised of three independent directors: Messrs. Flesias, Ali and Pope. Mr. Flesias
serves as Chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. Our nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible
for, among other things: 

To determine the qualifications,
 qualities, skills, and other expertise required to be a director and to develop, and recommend to the Board for its approval, criteria
 to be considered in selecting nominees for director. 

To select and approve the
 nominees for director to be submitted to a stockholder vote at the annual meeting of stockholders. 

To review the Board s
 committee structure and composition and to appoint directors to serve as members of each committee and committee chairmen. 

To develop and recommend
 to the Board for approval standards for determining whether a director has a relationship with us that would impair its independence. 

To review and discuss with
 management the disclosure regarding the operations of the nominating and corporate governance committee and director independence,
 and to recommend that this disclosure be included in our proxy statement or annual report on Form 10-K, as applicable. 

To monitor compliance with
 our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (the Code of Ethics ), to investigate any alleged breach or violation of the
 Code of Ethics and to enforce the provisions of the Code of Ethics. 

To meet at least two times
 a year. 

To review the nominating
 and corporate governance committee charter at least annually and recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval 

Procedures
for Contacting the Board 

The
Board has established a process for stockholders and other interested parties to send written communications to the Board, the independent
directors, a particular committee or to individual directors, as applicable. Such communications should be sent by U.S. mail addressed
to: 

Novo
Integrated Sciences, Inc. Board of Directors 

 c/o
Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

 Attention:
Corporate Secretary 

 11120
NE 2nd Street, Suite 100 

 Bellevue,
WA 98004 

The
Board has instructed the Corporate Secretary to promptly forward all communications so received to the full Board, the independent directors
or the individual Board member(s) specifically addressed in the communication. Comments or questions regarding our accounting, internal
controls or auditing matters, our compensation and benefit programs, or the nomination of directors and other corporate governance matters
will remain with the full Board. 

Depending
on the subject matter, the Company s Corporate Secretary will: 

Forward the communication to the director or directors
 to whom it is addressed; 

Attempt to handle the inquiry directly, for example,
 where it is a request for information about our Company or if it is a stock-related matter; or 

Not forward the communication if it is primarily commercial
 in nature or if it relates to a topic that is not relevant to the Board or a particular committee or is otherwise improper. 

121 

Procedures
for Recommending, Nominating and Evaluating Director Candidates 

Recommending
Director Candidates for Nomination by the Board 

The
Board will consider director candidates recommended by stockholders. A stockholder who wishes to recommend a director candidate for nomination
by the Board at an annual meeting of stockholders or for vacancies of the Board that arise between annual meetings must provide the Board
with sufficient written documentation to permit a determination by the Board whether such candidate meets the required and desired director
selection criteria set forth in our bylaws. Such documentation and the name of the director candidate should be sent by U.S. mail to: 

Novo
Integrated Sciences, Inc. Board of Directors 

 c/o
Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

 Attention:
Corporate Secretary 

 11120
NE 2nd Street, Suite 100 

 Bellevue,
WA 98004 

Nominating
Director Candidates 

For
director nominations to be properly brought before an annual meeting of stockholders by a stockholder, the stockholder must give timely
notice in proper written form to the Secretary, consistent with the Company s bylaws. 

Evaluating
Director Candidates 

The
Board has no formal guidelines or policy with regard to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by shareholders. The
nominating and corporate governance committee will consider several factors when evaluating the appropriate characteristics of candidates
for service as a director. The nominating and corporate governance committee initially evaluates a prospective nominee based on his or
her resume and other background information that has been provided to the committee. At a minimum, director candidates must demonstrate
high standards of ethics, integrity, independence, sound judgment, strength of character, and meaningful experience and skills in business
or other appropriate endeavors. In addition to these minimum qualifications, the nominating and corporate governance committee considers
other factors it deems appropriate based on the current needs and desires of the Board, including specific business and professional
experience that is relevant to the Board s needs, including, but not limited to, Board diversity. A member of the nominating and
corporate governance committee will contact, for further review, those candidates who the committee believes are qualified, who may fulfill
a specific Board need and who would otherwise best make a contribution to the Board. The nominating and corporate governance committee
is responsible for conducting, with the assistance of the Corporate Secretary, and subject to applicable law, any inquiries into the
background and qualifications of the candidate. Based on the information the committee learns during this process, it determines which
nominee(s) to submit for election. The committee uses a comparable process for evaluating all director candidates, regardless of the
source of the recommendation. 

The
nominating and corporate governance committee is authorized to use, as it deems appropriate or necessary, an outside consultant to identify
and screen potential director candidates. No outside consultants were used during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 to identify or
screen potential director candidates. The nominating and corporate governance committee will reassess the qualifications of a current
director, including the director s attendance and contributions at Board and committee meetings, prior to recommending a director
for reelection. 

CODE
OF ETHICS 

We
have adopted a code of ethics meeting the requirements of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We believe our code of ethics
is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct; provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable
disclosure in public reports; comply with applicable laws; ensure prompt internal reporting of violations; and provide accountability
for adherence to the provisions of the code of ethics. 

122 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table summarizes all compensation earned by Messrs. Mattacchione and David (together, our Named Executive Officers ). 

2022
SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Robert Mattacchione 
 2022 
 185,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 185,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 46,500 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 46,500 

Christopher David 
 2021 
 171,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 171,000 
 
 COO-President 
 2020 
 114,750 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 114,750 

Robert
Mattacchione 

On
June 18, 2021, the Company entered into an executive agreement (the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement with GPE Global Holdings
Inc., an entity controlled by Robert Mattacchione and through which Mr. Mattacchione will provide services to the Company GPE ).
Mr. Mattacchione serves as the Company s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and is the Company s majority
stockholder. Pursuant to the terms of the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement, Mr. Mattacchione will continue to serve as the Company s
Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Mattacchione also continues to serve as Chairman of the Board. In consideration thereof, the Company agreed
to (i) pay Mr. Mattacchione an annual base salary of 186,000, (ii) pay Mr. Mattacchione a monthly bonus reconciled quarterly and paid
as follows: (a) quarterly cash bonuses equal to 10 of positive net income PNI ), and (b) PNI will be reconciled within
30 days after the close of the quarter with payments to Mr. Mattacchione made within 45 days of the close of the quarter, and (iii) pay
Mr. Mattacchione bonuses based on increases in the Company s market cap valuation MCV from the date of the June
2021 Mattacchione Agreement, with the following milestone bonus parameters: 

(a) 
 For each and every 50,000,000
 Company MCV increase sustained for a period of not less than 30 days (the 50M Bonus Event ), Mr. Mattacchione will receive
 1,000,000, or 2 of 50,000,000, in Company common stock. For the sake of clarity, Mr. Mattacchione will only be issued compensation
 based on 50,000,000 MCV increments; there will be no compensation issued for anything above 50,000,000 until the subsequent 50,000,000
 MCV milestone is achieved. This bonus will be capped at a Company MCV of 1 billion. The 50M Bonus Event stock will be issued as
 (i) 50 restricted shares within 30 days of the respective 50M Bonus Event or at a later date as requested by Mr. Mattacchione, and
 held as an allocation to Mr. Mattacchione, until the requisition date as provided in writing, by Mr. Mattacchione, to the Company,
 and (ii) 50 registered shares from the Company s current active incentive plan within 30 days of the respective 50M Bonus
 Event. 

(b) 
 Upon the Company reaching
 and sustaining a MCV of 1 billion for no less than 30 days (the 1B Bonus Event ), Mr. Mattacchione will receive 50,000,000,
 or 5 of 1 billion, in restricted shares of Company common stock. The 1B Bonus Event stock will be issued within 30 days of the
 1B Bonus Event or at a later date as requested by Mr. Mattacchione, and held as an allocation to Mr. Mattacchione, until the requisition
 date as provided in writing, by Mr. Mattacchione, to the Company. 

(c) 
 For each additional 1
 billion MCV, beyond the initial 1B Bonus Event, sustained for a period of no less than 30 days, Mr. Mattacchione will receive 50,000,000,
 or 5 of 1 billion, in restricted shares of the Company s common stock. This additional 1B Bonus Event Stock, commencing with
 a 2 billion MCV and each additional 1B MCV increase, beyond 2 billion, will be issued within 30 days of the Bonus Event, or at
 a later date as requested by Mr. Mattacchione, and held as an allocation to Mr. Mattacchione, until the requisition date as provided
 in writing, by Mr. Mattacchione, to the Company. 

The
June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement supersedes all prior compensation arrangements between the Company and Mr. Mattacchione. 

123 

The
Company will be deemed to be in default under the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(a) 
 if the Company shall become
 insolvent, or bankrupt, or subject to the provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, or shall go into liquidation, either voluntarily
 or under an order of a Court of competent jurisdiction, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or otherwise
 acknowledge its insolvency; or 

(b) 
 if a liquidator or liquidators
 or receiver or receivers or a trustee or trustees in bankruptcy, be appointed to the Company, or if its secured creditors take possession
 of the property of the Company or any substantial or essential part thereof in the sole determination of Mr. Mattacchione; or 

(c) 
 if the Company fails, refuses
 or neglects to promptly pay any monies owing to Mr. Mattacchione when due under the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement. 

Mr.
Mattacchione will be deemed to be in default under the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(a) 
 if Mr. Mattacchione fails,
 refuses or neglects to promptly perform any material obligations owing to the Company when due under the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement,
 and such failure in performance shall continue for 10 business days following notice from the Company unless Mr. Mattacchione shall
 have commenced within the 10 days following notice and is continuing acceptable measures to remedy the said failure in performance. 

(b) 
 If the performance of Mr.
 Mattacchione is not to minimum standards as expected by the Board of Directors of the Company. 

The
term of the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement will run for an initial term of 36 months. The term may be extended at the end of the initial
term if the Company and Mr. Mattacchione mutually agree. 

Mr.
Mattacchione may terminate the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement at any time, upon 90 days written notice to the Company, and receive
(i) additional compensation equal to 1,500,000 in restricted shares of the Company s common stock as consideration for the previous
tenure of unpaid service filling the roles and responsibilities as the Company s Chief Executive Officer since October 17, 2018,
and (ii) any other compensation earned within the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement. 

Notwithstanding
anything in the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement to the contrary, the Company may terminate Mr. Mattacchione s service for cause
for any one of the following reasons: (i) conviction of a felony, any act involving moral turpitude, or a misdemeanor where imprisonment
is imposed, (ii) commission of any act of theft, fraud, dishonesty, or falsification of any Company records, (iii) improper disclosure
of the Company s confidential or proprietary information, (iv) any action by Mr. Mattacchione which has a detrimental effect on
the Company s reputation or business, (v) Mr. Mattacchione s failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned duties
after written notice from the Company thereof, and a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or inability, (vi) any breach of the
June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement, which breach is not cured within 15 days following written notice of such breach, (vii) a course of
conduct amounting to gross incompetence, (viii) chronic and unexcused absenteeism, (ix) unlawful appropriation of a corporate opportunity,
or (x) misconduct in connection with the performance of any of Mr. Mattacchione s duties, including, without limitation, misappropriation
of funds or property of the Company, securing or attempting to secure personally any profit in connection with any transaction entered
into on behalf of the Company, misrepresentation to the Company, or any violation of law or regulations on Company premises or to which
the Company is subject. Upon termination of Mr. Mattacchione s services with the Company for cause, the Company shall be under
no further obligation to Mr. Mattacchione, except to pay all accrued but unpaid renumeration. 

The
Company may terminate Mr. Mattacchione s services at any time without cause; provided, however, that Mr. Mattacchione will be entitled
to severance pay in the amount of three years renumeration and certain additional compensation as identified in the June 2021 Mattacchione
Agreement, but if, and only if, Mr. Mattacchione executes a valid and comprehensive release of any and all claims that Mr. Mattacchione
may have against the Company in a form provided by the Company and Mr. Mattacchione executes such form within 30 days of tender. 

124 

Christopher
David 

On
August 6, 2020, the Company entered into an employment agreement (the August 2020 Agreement with Mr. David, effective
August 5, 2020. Pursuant to the terms of the August 2020 Agreement, Mr. David agreed to serve as the Company s President. In consideration
thereof, the Company agreed to (i) pay Mr. David a monthly salary of 8,000, and (ii) grant Mr. David a 5-year option to purchase 575,000
shares of the Company s restricted common stock at an exercise price of 3.00 per share. The option fully vested on the date of
grant and expires on August 6, 2025. 

On
June 18, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement (the June 2021 David Agreement with Mr. David, the Company s
President and a member of the Company s Board of Directors. Pursuant to the terms of the June 2021 David Agreement, Mr. David agreed
to serve as the Company s President and Chief Operating Officer. In consideration thereof, the Company agreed to (i) pay Mr. David
an annual base salary of 171,000, (ii) pay Mr. David a monthly bonus reconciled quarterly and paid as follows: (a) quarterly cash bonuses
equal to 10 of PNI, and (b) PNI will be reconciled within 30 days after the close of the quarter with payments to Mr. David made within
45 days of the close of the quarter, and (iii) pay Mr. David bonuses based on increases in the Company s MCV from the date of the
June 2021 David Agreement, with the following milestone bonus parameters: 

(a) 
 For each and every 50,000,000
 Company MCV increase sustained for a period of not less than 30 days (the 50M Bonus Event ), Mr. David will receive
 500,000, or 1 of 50,000,000, in Company common stock. For the sake of clarity, Mr. David will only be issued compensation based
 on 50,000,000 MCV increments; there will be no compensation issued for anything above 50,000,000 until the subsequent 50,000,000
 MCV milestone is achieved. This bonus will be capped at a Company MCV of 1 billion. The 50M Bonus Event stock will be issued as
 (i) 50 restricted shares within 30 days of the respective 50M Bonus Event or at a later date as requested by Mr. David, and held
 as an allocation to Mr. David, until the requisition date as provided in writing, by Mr. David, to the Company, and (ii) 50 registered
 shares from the Company s current active incentive plan within 30 days of the respective 50M Bonus Event. 

(b) 
 Upon the Company reaching
 and sustaining a MCV of 1 billion for no less than 30 days (the 1B Bonus Event ), Mr. David will receive 20,000,000,
 or 2 of 1 billion, in restricted shares of Company common stock. The 1B Bonus Event stock will be issued within 30 days of the
 1B Bonus Event or at a later date as requested by Mr. David, and held as an allocation to Mr. David, until the requisition date as
 provided in writing, by Mr. David, to the Company. 

(c) 
 For each additional 1
 billion MCV, beyond the initial 1B Bonus Event, sustained for a period of no less than 30 days, Mr. David will receive 20,000,000,
 or 2 of 1 billion, in restricted shares of the Company s common stock. This additional 1B Bonus Event Stock, commencing with
 a 2 billion MCV and each additional 1B MCV increase, beyond 2 billion, will be issued within 30 days of the Bonus Event, or at
 a later date as requested by Mr. David, and held as an allocation to Mr. David, until the requisition date as provided in writing,
 by Mr. David, to the Company. 

The
June 2021 David Agreement supersedes the employment agreement dated August 6, 2020 between the Company and Mr. David. 

The
Company will be deemed to be in default under the June 2021 David Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(a) 
 if the Company shall become
 insolvent, or bankrupt, or subject to the provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, or shall go into liquidation, either voluntarily
 or under an order of a Court of competent jurisdiction, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or otherwise
 acknowledge its insolvency; or 

(b) 
 if a liquidator or liquidators
 or receiver or receivers or a trustee or trustees in bankruptcy, be appointed to the Company, or if its secured creditors take possession
 of the property of the Company or any substantial or essential part thereof in the sole determination of Mr. David; or 

(c) 
 if the Company fails, refuses
 or neglects promptly pay any monies owing to Mr. David when due under the June 2021 David Agreement. 

125 

Mr.
David will be deemed to be in default under the June 2021 David Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(a) 
 if Mr. David fails, refuses or neglects to promptly
 perform any material obligations owing to the Company when due under the June 2021 David Agreement, and such failure in performance
 shall continue for 10 business days following notice from the Company unless Mr. David shall have commenced within the 10 days following
 notice and is continuing acceptable measures to remedy the said failure in performance. 

(b) 
 If the performance of Mr. David is not to minimum standards
 as expected by the Board of Directors of the Company. 

The
term of the June 2021 David Agreement will run for an initial term of 36 months. The term may be extended at the end of the initial term
if the Company and Mr. David mutually agree. 

Mr.
David may terminate the June 2021 David Agreement at any time, upon 90 days written notice to the Company, and receive (i) additional
compensation equal to 300,000 in restricted shares of the Company s common stock as consideration for the discount to market salary
Mr. David was paid, from July 12, 2017 through May 31, 2021, filling the roles and responsibilities as the Company s President,
and (ii) any other compensation earned within the June 2021 David Agreement. 

Notwithstanding
anything in the June 2021 David Agreement to the contrary, the Company may terminate Mr. David s employment for cause for any one
of the following reasons: (i) conviction of a felony, any act involving moral turpitude, or a misdemeanor where imprisonment is imposed,
(ii) commission of any act of theft, fraud, dishonesty, or falsification of any Company records, (iii) improper disclosure of the Company s
confidential or proprietary information, (iv) any action by Mr. David which has a detrimental effect on the Company s reputation
or business, (v) Mr. David s failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned duties after written notice from the Company
thereof, and a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or inability, (vi) any breach of the June 2021 David Agreement, which breach
is not cured within 15 days following written notice of such breach, (vii) a course of conduct amounting to gross incompetence, (viii)
chronic and unexcused absenteeism, (ix) unlawful appropriation of a corporate opportunity, or (x) misconduct in connection with the performance
of any of Mr. David s duties, including, without limitation, misappropriation of funds or property of the Company, securing or
attempting to secure personally any profit in connection with any transaction entered into on behalf of the Company, misrepresentation
to the Company, or any violation of law or regulations on Company premises or to which the Company is subject. Upon termination of Mr.
David s employment with the Company for cause, the Company shall be under no further obligation to Mr. David, except to pay all
accrued but unpaid renumeration. 

The
Company may terminate Mr. David s employment at any time without cause; provided, however, that Mr. David will be entitled to severance
pay in the amount of three years renumeration and certain additional compensation as identified in the June 2021 David Agreement, but
if, and only if, Mr. David executes a valid and comprehensive release of any and all claims that Mr. David may have against the Company
in a form provided by the Company and Mr. David executes such form within 30 days of tender. 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT AUGUST 31, 2022 

Option Awards 

Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Christopher David 
 150,000 
 0 
 0 
 1.60 
 6/29/23 

100,000 
 0 
 0 
 1.60 
 2/19/24 

75,000 
 0 
 0 
 1.60 
 4/28/24 

100,000 
 0 
 0 
 1.60 
 7/12/24 

200,000 
 0 
 0 
 1.60 
 12/29/24 

575,000 
 0 
 0 
 3.00 
 8/6/25 

126 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

On
February 23, 2022, the Company granted, pursuant to the 2021 Plan, a stock option to purchase 93,955 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of 1.33 to each of the Company s then-independent directors, Alex Flesias, Robert Oliva and Michael Pope, in consideration
of their services as directors. Each stock option vests, and becomes exercisable, (i) with respect to 7,833 shares each month, beginning
on the date of grant, until December 23, 2022, and (ii) with respect 7,832 shares on January 23, 2023. Each stock option expires on February
23, 2027. The stock option grants were previously approved by the Company s Board of Directors on January 26, 2021 and are consistent
with the letter agreements dated January 26, 2021, between the Company and Messrs. Flesias, Oliva and Pope. Mr. Oliva resigned as a member
of the Board on June 30, 2022. 

Mr.
Pope also received 15,000 during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 in consideration for his services as chairman of the audit committee. 

On
August 9, 2022, the Board granted to Mr. Ali an option to purchase 39,480 shares of the Company s common stock, in consideration
of his services as a director. The option has an exercise price of 1.90 and expires on August 9, 2027, five years after the grant date. 

On
June 29, 2022, the Board granted Pierre Dalcourt and Michael Gaynor 250,000 and 50,000 shares of common stock, respectively, pursuant
to the Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan as consideration for over 5-years of service
to the Board without having received compensation. Messrs. Dalcourt and Gaynor resigned as directors on June 30, 2022. 

The
following table summarizes compensation paid to all our non-employee directors: 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock 
 Awards ) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Sarfaraz Ali (2) 
 - 
 - 
 71,365 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 71,365 
 
 Pierre Dalcourt (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Alex Flesias 
 - 
 - 
 91,178 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 91,178 
 
 Robert Oliva (4) 
 - 
 - 
 81,030 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 81,030 
 
 Michael Pope 
 15,000 
 - 
 111,372 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 126,372 

(1) Represents
 the aggregate grant date fair value for the stock options, computed in accordance with FASB
 Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. For
 information about the assumptions made in this valuation, refer to Note 14 Stockholders 
 Equity to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report
 on Form 10-K. At August 31, 2022, the individuals included in this table had the following
 number of stock options outstanding: Mr. Ali - 39,480; Mr. Dalcourt - 0; Mr. Flesias 
 113,755; Mr. Oliva 288,795 ; and Mr. Pope 126,995. 
 
 (2) Mr.
 Ali was appointed as a director on June 30, 2022. 
 
 (3) Mr.
 Dalcourt resigned as a director on June 30, 2022. 
 
 (4) Mr.
 Oliva resigned as a director on June 30, 2022. 

127 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth as of March 31, 2023 certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of the Company s
common stock by: 

each of the directors and
 the Named Executive Officers, 

all executive officers
 and directors as a group, and 

each person known by the
 Company to beneficially own more than 5 of the Company s common stock based on certain filings made under Section 13 of the
 Exchange Act. 

All
such information provided by the stockholders who are not executive officers or directors reflects their beneficial ownership as of the
dates specified in the relevant footnotes to the table. The percent of shares beneficially owned is based on 144,257,518 shares issued
and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, the owners have sole voting and investment power with respect to
their respective shares. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock Owned 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors: 

Robert Mattacchione 
 12,933,562 (1) 
 9.0 
 
 Christopher David 
 1,281,950 (2) 

Sarfaraz Ali 
 32,900 (3) 

Alex Flesias 
 113,795 (3) 

Michael Pope 
 126,995 (3) 

All directors and executive officers as a group (6 persons) 
 14,489,202 (4) 
 10.0 
 
 5 Stockholders: 

ALMC-ASAP Holdings, Inc. (5) 
 12,908,562 (6) 
 9.0 

(1) 
 Represents (i) 12,908,562
 shares owned by ALMC-ASAP Holdings, Inc. ALMC ), and (ii) 25,000 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of vested
 options held by Ms. Emily Mattacchione, Mr. Mattacchione s spouse. ALMC is wholly owned by the Mattacchione Family Trust. Mr.
 Mattacchione is the trustee of the Mattacchione Family Trust, with voting and depository power over these shares. 

(2) 
 Includes 1,200,000 shares
 that may be acquired upon exercise of vested options. 

(3) 
 Represents shares that
 may be acquired within 60 days of March 31, 2023 upon exercise of vested options. 

(4) 
 Includes 0 shares beneficially
 owned by Mr. Zsebok in addition to shares beneficially owned by the Named Executive Officers and directors identified by name in
 the table, and includes 1,498,690 shares that may be acquired by the Named Executive Officers, directors, and Mr. Zsebok upon exercise
 of vested options. 

(5) 
 ALMC-ASAP Holdings, Inc. s
 address is 119 Westcreek Drive, Suite 1, Woodbridge Ontario Canada L4L 9N6. 

(6) 
 ALMC-ASAP Holdings, Inc. s
 shares are held by the Mattacchione Family Trust. See footnote 1 above. 

128 

EXISTING
EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

The
table below shows information with respect to all our equity compensation plans as of August 31, 2022. 

Plan category 
 Number of 
 securities to be issued 
upon exercise of 
 outstanding 
options, warrants and 
rights (a) 
 Weighted- 
average exercise price of outstanding 
 options, 
warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 (excluding securities 
 reflected in 
 column (a)) (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 0 
 0.00 
 5,118,315 (1) 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 0 
 0.00 
 0 

(1)
This represents the 498,750 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the Company s 2015 Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2015
Plan ), 864,900 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan and 3,754,665 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ).
The Company does not intend to award any additional grants under the 2015 Plan or the 2018 Plan. 

On
September 8, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders holding a majority of the Company s outstanding common
stock approved the Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. the 2015 Plan, which authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000 shares of common stock
to employees, officers, directors or independent consultants of the Company, provided that no person can be granted shares under the
2015 Plan for services related to raising capital or promotional activities. As of August 31, 2022, the 2015 Plan has 498,750 shares
available for award; however, the Company does not intend to issue any additional grants under the 2015 Plan. 

On
January 16, 2018, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders holding a majority of the Company s outstanding common
stock approved the Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2018 Plan. Under the 2018 Plan, 1,000,000 shares of common stock are authorized for
the grant of stock options and the issuance of restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, phantom stock and performance awards to officers,
directors, employees and eligible consultants to the Company or its subsidiaries. As of August 31, 2022, the 2018 Plan has 864,900 shares
available for award; however, the Company does not intend to issue any additional grants under the 2018 Plan. 

On
February 9, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders holding a majority of the Company s outstanding
common stock approved the Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2021 Plan. Under the 2021 Plan, a total of 4,500,000 shares of common stock
are authorized for issuance pursuant to the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock
units, performance units, performance shares or other cash- or stock-based awards to officers, directors, employees and eligible
consultants to the Company or its subsidiaries. Subject to adjustment as provided in the 2021 Plan, the maximum aggregate number of
shares that may be issued under the 2021 Plan will be cumulatively increased on January 1, 2022 and on each subsequent January 1
through and including January 1, 2023, by a number of shares equal to the smaller of (i) 3 of the number of shares of common stock
issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or (ii) an amount determined by our Board of Directors. The Company
chose not to cumulatively increase the shares authorized for issuance under the 2021 Plan effective January 1, 2022. As of August
31, 2022, the 2021 Plan has 3,754,665 available for award. 

129 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

In
addition to the compensation arrangements, including employment, termination of employment and change in control arrangements and indemnification
arrangements, discussed in the sections titled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance and Executive
Compensation, the following is a description of each transaction since September 1, 2020 and each currently proposed transaction
in which: 

We
 and any subsidiaries thereof have been or will be a participant; 

the
 amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of the smaller reporting company s total assets at year-end
 for the last two completed fiscal years; and 

any
 of our directors, executive officers or beneficial owners of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any immediate family member of,
 or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

At
August 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding advances totaling 478,897 due to related parties. These related parties are stockholders,
officers and/or affiliates of the Company, as well as owners, officers and/or shareholders of the companies that provided the advances
to the Company. These amounts, owed by the Company, are payable upon demand. 

At
August 31, 2022, the Company had debentures totaling 1,175,834 including principal and interest, due to the following related parties: 

312,650 due to Peak Health
 LTC Inc., a company whose owner (Pierre Dalcourt) is a director and greater than 5 shareholder of the Company, and 

105,901 due to Michael
 Gaynor Physiotherapy PC, a company whose owner (Michael Gaynor) is an officer, director and greater than 5 shareholder of the Company,
 and 

310,914 due to ICC Healthnet
 Canada, Inc., a company whose owner (Robert Mattacchione) is a greater than 5 shareholder of the Company, and 

446,369 due to Healthnet
 Assessment Inc., a company whose owner (Robert Mattacchione) is a greater than 5 shareholder of the Company. 

On
September 30, 2013, the Company issued five debentures totaling CAD 6,402,512 in connection with the acquisition of certain business
assets. The holders of the debentures are current stockholders, officers and/or affiliates of the Company. The debentures are secured
by all the assets of the Company, accrue interest at 8 per annum and were originally due on September 30, 2016. On December 2, 2017,
the debenture holders agreed to extend the due date to September 30, 2019. On September 27, 2019, the debenture holders agreed to extend
the due date to September 30, 2021. On November 2, 2021, the debenture holders agreed to extend the due date to December 1, 2023. 

On
January 31, 2018, the debenture holders converted 75 of the debenture value of 3,894,809 plus accrued interest of 414,965 into 1,047,588
shares of the Company s common stock. The per share price used for the conversion of each debenture was 4.11 which was determined
based on the average price of the five trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion with a 10 premium added to the calculated
per share price. At August 31, 2022, the amount of debentures outstanding was 946,250. 

Amounts
loaned to the Company by stockholders and officers of the Company are payable upon demand. At August 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount due
to related parties was 478,897 and 478,920, respectively. 

130 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

On
July 27, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors appointed Fruci as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm. Prior to that time, SRCO Professional Corporation served as the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm. 

The
following table shows the fees that were billed for the audit and other services provided by Fruci for the fiscal years ended August
31, 2022 and 2021. Prior to August 31, 2022, No fees were billed to the Company by Fruci. 

Fiscal
 Year Ended August 31, 

2022 

2021 

Audit Fees (1) 

- 

Audit-Related Fees (2) 

- 

Tax Fees (3) 

- 

All Other Fees (4) 

- 

Total 

- 

(1) 
 Audit Fees - This
 category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports
 on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with engagements
 for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of,
 the audit or the review of interim financial statements. 

(2) 
 Audit-Related Fees -
 This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably
 related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. 
 The services for the fees disclosed under this category include historical audits of the businesses acquired, consultation regarding
 our correspondence with the SEC, other accounting consulting and other audit services. 

(3) 
 Tax Fees - This
 category consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance and tax
 advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

(4) 
 All Other Fees -
 This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

Board
of Directors Pre-Approval Process, Policies and Procedures 

All
audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm must be pre-approved. These services
may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one
year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of service. The independent registered public accounting
firm and management periodically report to the board of directors regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered
public accounting firm. Consistent with the board of directors policy, all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by
our independent registered public accounting firm were pre-approved by our board of directors. 

131 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Document 

1.1 
 
 Placement Agency Agreement, dated October 13, 2022, by and between the registrant and Maxim Group LLC, as exclusive placement agent thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 18, 2022). 

2.1 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated March 17, 2022, by and among Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc., Clinical Consultants International LLC, each of the members of CCI and Dr. Joseph Chalil (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 23, 2022). 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 5, 2017). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment filed by the registrant with the Nevada Secretary of State on November 9, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 30, 2020). 

3.3 
 
 Termination of Amendment filed by the registrant with the Nevada Secretary of State on November 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 30, 2020). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment filed by the registrant with the Nevada Secretary of State on November 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 30, 2020). 

3.5 
 
 Termination of Amendment filed by the registrant with the Nevada Secretary of State on December 4, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 9, 2020). 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment filed by the registrant with the Nevada Secretary of State on December 4, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 9, 2020). 

3.7 
 
 Bylaws dated February 15, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 7, 2017). 

4.1 
 
 Guaranty Agreement dated September 24, 2019 by and between the registrant, Fitness International, LLC and Fitness Sports Clubs, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 30, 2019). 

4.2 
 
 Guaranty Agreement dated September 24, 2019 by and between the registrant and LAF Canada Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 30, 2019). 

132 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 9, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Guaranty Agreement dated December 15, 2021 by and between the registrant and LAF Canada Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on January 18, 2022). 

4.5 
 
 Form of Three Year Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 18, 2022). 

4.6 
 
 Form of Five Year Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 18, 2022). 

4.7 
 
 Warrant Agency Agreement, dated October 18, 2022, by and between the registrant and Pacific Stock Transfer Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 18, 2022). 

4.8 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of February 23, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences,
 Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 1, 2023). 

4.9 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of March 21, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 27, 2023). 

10.1+ 
 
 2015 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-8 filed with the Commission on September 8, 2015). 

10.2 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated April 25, 2017 by and between Turbine Truck Engines, Inc., Novo Healthnet Limited, ALMC-ASAP Holdings Inc., Michael Gaynor Family Trust, 1218814 Ontario Inc. and Michael Gaynor Physiotherapy Professional Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2017). 

10.34 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Share Exchange Agreement dated as of May 3, 2017 by and between Turbine Truck Engines, Inc., Novo Healthnet Limited, ALMC-ASAP Holdings Inc., Michael Gaynor Family Trust, 1218814 Ontario Inc. and Michael Gaynor Physiotherapy Professional Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 9, 2017). 

10.4+ 
 
 Option to Purchase Common Stock, dated July 12, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 18, 2017). 

10.5+ 
 
 Option to Purchase Common Stock dated December 29, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 3, 2018). 

10.6+ 
 
 Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 22, 2018). 

10.7+ 
 
 Amendment to Option #21 of Christopher David dated as of April 20, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 24, 2018). 

10.8+ 
 
 Amendment to Option #23 of Christopher David dated as of April 20, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 24, 2018). 

10.9+ 
 
 Amendment to Option #24 of Christopher David dated as of April 20, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 24, 2018). 

10.10 
 
 Agreement of Transfer and Assignment dated January 8, 2019 by and between the registrant and 2478659 Ontario Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on January 11, 2019). 

133 

10.11 
 
 Software License Agreement dated February 26, 2019 by and among Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc., Novo Healthnet Limited and Cloud DX Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 5, 2019). 

10.12 
 
 First Amendment to Cloud DX Perpetual Software License Agreement dated March 6, 2020 and entered into on March 9, 2020 by and among the registrant, Novo Healthnet Limited and Cloud DX Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2020). 

10.13 
 
 Proposal for Joint Venture dated September 11, 2019 between the registrant and Harvest Gold Farms, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 17, 2019). 

10.14 
 
 Master Facility License Agreement dated September 24, 2019 by and between Novomerica Health Group Inc., Fitness International, LLC, and Fitness Sports Clubs, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 30, 2019). 

10.15 
 
 Amendment to Master Facility License Agreement, entered into as of February 4, 2020, by and between Fitness International, LLC and Novomerica Health Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 10, 2020). 

10.16 
 
 Master Facility License Agreement dated September 24, 2019 by and between Novo Healthnet Limited, Inc. and LAF Canada Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 30, 2019). 

10.17 
 
 First Amendment to Master Facility License Agreement, entered into as of February 4, 2020, by and between LAF Canada Company and Novo Health Limited, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 10, 2020). 

10.18+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated August 6, 2020 between the registrant and Christopher David (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 12, 2020). 

10.19+ 
 
 Option Agreement #32 of Christopher David dated August 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 12, 2020). 

10.20+ 
 
 Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 22, 2018). 

10.21+ 
 
 Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 16, 2021). 

10.22 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 9, 2021). 

10.23 
 
 Placement Agency Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 9, 2021). 

10.24 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2021, by and among the registrant, PRO-DIP, LLC, Peter St. Lawrence and George St. Lawrence (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 17, 2021). 

10.25 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2021, by and among Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc., Novo Healthnet Limited, Acenzia Inc., Ambour Holdings Inc., Avec8 Holdings Inc., Indrajit Sinha, Grant Bourdeau and Derrick Bourdeau (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 3, 2021). 

134 

10.26+ 
 
 Executive Agreement, dated June 18, 2021, by and between the registrant and GPE Global Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 21, 2021). 

10.27 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Share Exchange Agreement entered into and effective as of September 22, 2021, by and between the registrant, Novo Healthnet Limited, Acenzia Inc., Avec8 Holdings Inc., Ambour Holdings Inc., Indrajit Sinha, Grant Bourdeau, and Derrick Bourdeau (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 23, 2021). 

10.28 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Share Exchange Agreement entered into and effective as of October 7, 2021, by and between the registrant, Novo Healthnet Limited, Acenzia Inc., Avec8 Holdings Inc., Ambour Holdings Inc., Indrajit Sinha, Grant Bourdeau, and Derrick Bourdeau (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 14, 2021). 

10.29 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Share Exchange Agreement entered into and effective as of October 22, 2021, by and between the registrant, Novo Healthnet Limited, Acenzia Inc., Avec8 Holdings Inc., Ambour Holdings Inc., Indrajit Sinha, Grant Bourdeau, and Derrick Bourdeau (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 28, 2021). 

10.30 
 
 Letter Agreement dated November 2, 2021 by and between Novo Healthnet Limited and Healthnet Assessments Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 14, 2021). 

10.31 
 
 Letter Agreement dated November 2, 2021 by and between Novo Healthnet Limited and ICC Healthnet Canada Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 14, 2021). 

10.32 
 
 Letter Agreement dated November 2, 2021 by and between Novo Healthnet Limited and Peak Health LTC Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 14, 2021). 

10.33 
 
 Letter Agreement dated November 2, 2021 by and between Novo Healthnet Limited and Michael Gaynor Physiotherapy Professional Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 14, 2021). 

10.34 
 
 Letter Agreement dated November 2, 2021 by and between Novo Healthnet Limited and Peak Health LTC Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 14, 2021). 

10.35 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2021, by and among the registrant, Novo Healthnet Limited, Terragenx Inc., TMS Inc., Shawn Mullins, Claude Fournier, and The Coles Optimum Health and Vitality Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 24, 2021). 

10.36 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2021, by and between the registrant and Terence Mullins (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 24, 2021). 

10.37 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2021, by and among the registrant, Terragenx Inc. and Jefferson Street Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 24, 2021). 

10.38 
 
 Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated November 17, 2021, issued by Terragenx Inc. in favor of Jefferson Street Capital, LLC (registrant as guarantor) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 24, 2021). 

10.39 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated November 17, 2021 (Jefferson Street Capital, LLC as holder) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 24, 2021). 

135 

10.40 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2021, by and among the registrant, Terragenx Inc. and Platinum Point Capital LLC (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 24, 2021). 

10.41 
 
 Secured
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated November 17, 2021, issued by Terragenx Inc. in favor of Platinum Point Capital, LLC (registrant
 as guarantor) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission
 on November 24, 2021). 

10.42 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant dated November 17, 2021 (Platinum Point Capital, LLC as holder) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 24, 2021). 

10.43 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Master Facility License Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and between LAF Canada Company and Novo Healthnet Limited
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on January
 18, 2022). 

10.44+ 
 
 Executive
 Employment Agreement dated as of April 5, 2022 by and between the registrant and Dr. Joseph Mathew Chalil April 7, 2022 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 7, 2022). 

10.45 
 
 Waiver
 and Amendment, dated as of October 13, 2022, by and between the registrant and CVI Investments, Inc. (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 14, 2022). 

10.46 
 
 Waiver
 and Amendment, dated as of October 13, 2022, by and between the registrant and Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 14, 2022) 

10.47 
 
 Exchange
 Offer and Amendment, dated as of November 14, 2022, by and between the registrant and CVI Investments, Inc. (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 15, 2022). 

10.48 
 
 Exchange
 Offer and Amendment, dated as of November 14, 2022, by and between the registrant and Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 15, 2022). 

10.49 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 13, 2022, by and among the registrant, Terragenix Inc. and Jefferson Street Capital LLC. 

10.50 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2022, by and among Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc., SwagCheck Inc. and the shareholders of SwagCheck Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 30, 2022). 

10.51 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of February 23, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 1, 2023). 

10.52 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 1, 2023). 

10.53 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of March 21, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 27, 2023). 

10.54 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 27, 2023). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Fruci Associates II PLLC, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

23.2 
 
 Consent of SRCO Professional Corporation, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Principal Executive
 Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 
 
 + 
 Management contract or
 compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item
16. Form 10 K Summary. 

Not
applicable. 

136 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NOVO INTEGRATED SCIENCES, INC. 

Dated:
 April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert
 Mattacchione 

Robert Mattacchione, Chief Executive Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Robert Mattacchione and Christopher
David, and each of them individually, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and re-substitution
for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign any and all amendments to the Annual Report
on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact or his substitute may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
thereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Dated:
 April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert Mattacchione 

Robert Mattacchione, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 (principal executive officer) 

Dated:
 April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ James
 Zsebok 

James Zsebok, Principal Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

Dated:
 April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Christopher
 David 

Christopher David, Director 

Dated:
 April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael
 Pope 

Michael Pope, Director 

Dated:
 April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Alex
 Flesias 

Alex Flesias, Director 

Dated:
 April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Sarfaraz
 Ali 

Sarfaraz Ali, Director 

137 

<EX-10.49>
 2
 ex10-49.htm

Exhibit
10.49 

NOVO
INTEGRATED SCIENCES INC. 

December
13, 2022 

Jefferson
Street Capital LLC 

 720
Monroe Street, C401B 

 Hoboken,
New Jersey 07030 

 Attn:
Brian Goldberg, Managing Member 

Re. 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2021 

Sir/Madam: 

Reference
is hereby made to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2021 (as may hereafter be further amended or restated
from time to time, the Purchase Agreement ), made by and between Novo Integrated Sciences Inc., a Nevada corporation (the
 Borrower ), and Jefferson Street Capital LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company (the Holder ), pursuant
to which Holder agreed to purchase from the Borrower, and the Borrower agreed to sell and issue to the Holder, a Promissory Note in the
principal amount of 937,500.00 (the Note ). On June 1, 2022, the Holder and the Borrower entered into that certain Letter
Agreement whereby the maturity date of the Note was extended to November 29, 2022, and the new outstanding balance under the Note was
 946,875.00. As of the date hereof, the Borrower has repaid 199,980.00 and the current outstanding balance under the Note is 746,875.00
(the Outstanding Balance Amount ). Except as otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Note shall have the same meaning
when used herein. The Borrower and the Holder shall be referred to herein as the Parties . 

On
November 17, 2021, the Borrower, Holder, and JDT Legal PLLC as escrow agent (the Escrow Agent entered into that certain
Escrow Agreement whereby 1,000,000 shares of common stock of the Borrower were issued to the Holder and held in escrow by the Escrow
Agent as collateral in connection with the obligations of the Borrower under the Note (the Collateral Shares ). As of the
date hereof, the Borrower has failed to deliver the Outstanding Balance Amount to the Holder by November 29, 2022. The Holder hereby
agrees to forbear from entering an Event of Default under the terms of the Note and related transaction documents until December 29,
2022, and the Borrower and the Holder hereby authorize the Escrow Agent to release the Collateral Shares to the Holder in accordance
with Holder s instructions therewith. 

The
Borrower hereby affirms its obligations to the Holder under the Letter Agreement, Escrow Agreement, Purchase Agreement, Note, Transfer
Agent Instruction Letter, Pledge and SEcuritiy Agreement, Unanimous Written Consent of the Board of Directors, and the other documents
executed in connection therewith (the Transaction Documents and further affirms as follows: (i) subject to the terms and
conditions herein provided, that the Borrower shall continue to perform each and every covenant, agreement and condition set forth in
the Transaction Documents, and continue to be bound by each and all of the terms and provisions thereof and hereof; and (ii) as of the
date hereof, other than as provided herein, no default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing under the Transaction Documents,
and no event has occurred that, with the passage of time, the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default or an Event of Default
under the Transaction Documents. 

Any
occurrence of an Event of Default under the Purchase Agreement or the Note, shall constitute a default of this Forbearance and render
it of no further effect and Holder shall have any remedy available to it under any the Transaction Documents as if this Forbearance had
not existed. Any default of any provision of this Forbearance shall also constitute an Event of Default under the Transaction Documents
and afford Holder of any respective remedy due thereunder and render this Forbearance of no further effect. 

The
Borrower hereby acknowledges, represents, warrants and confirms to Holder that: (i) each of the Transaction Documents are valid and binding
obligations of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their respective terms; and (ii) there are no defenses,
setoffs, counterclaims, cross-actions or equities in favor of the Borrower to or against the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents,
and to the extent Borrower has any defenses, setoffs, counterclaims, cross-actions or equities against the Holder and/or against the
enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that same are hereby fully and unconditionally
waived by the Borrower. 

The
Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Holder that the execution and delivery by the Borrower of this letter agreement and the
performance by the Borrower of its obligations hereunder has been duly and validly authorized and approved by the Borrower and its Board
of Directors pursuant to all applicable laws. No other corporate action or consent on the part of the Borrower, its Boards of Directors,
stockholders or any other person or entity is necessary or required to execute this letter agreement to consummate the transactions contemplated
herein and therein, or perform all of obligations hereunder and thereunder. This letter agreement has been duly and validly executed
by the Borrower (and the officer executing this letter agreement is duly authorized to act and execute same on behalf of the Borrower)
and constitutes the valid and legally binding agreements of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its respective
terms. 

The
Borrower hereby indemnifies and holds the Holder harmless from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties,
actions, judgments, suits, claims, costs, expenses and distributions of any kind or nature payable by the Holder to any person or entity,
including reasonable attorneys and paralegals fees and expenses, court costs, settlement amounts, costs of investigation
and interest thereon from the time such amounts are due at the highest non-usurious rate of interest permitted by applicable law, through
all negotiations, mediations, arbitrations, trial and appellate levels (collectively, the Claims ), as a result of, or arising
out of, or relating to any matters relating to this letter agreement. 

As
a material inducement for Holder to execute this letter agreement, the Borrower hereby releases, waives, discharges, covenants not to
sue, acquits, satisfies and forever discharges the Holder and their respective successors and assigns, from any and all Claims whatsoever
in law or in equity which the Borrower ever had, now have, or which any successor or assign of the Borrower hereafter can, shall or may
have against any of the Holder and their respective successors and assigns, for, upon or by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever
related to the Transaction Documents through the date hereof. In addition to, and without limiting the generality of foregoing, the Borrower
further covenant with and warrant unto the Holder that there exist no claims, counterclaims, defenses, objections, offsets or other Claims
against Holder. 

This
letter agreement and the Transaction Documents contain the entire understanding between and among the Parties and supersedes any prior
understandings and agreements among them respecting the subject matter of this letter agreement. This letter agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to choice of law principles. Any dispute arising under
or relating to or in connection with this letter agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the State and/or
Federal courts located in New Jersey. This letter agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an
original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Parties hereby consent and agree that if this letter
agreement shall at any time be deemed by the Parties for any reason insufficient, in whole or in part, to carry out the true intent and
spirit hereof or thereof, the Parties will execute or cause to be executed such other and further assurances and documents as in the
reasonable opinion of the Parties may be reasonably required in order more effectively to accomplish the purposes of this letter agreement.
In case any provision of this letter agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be severable
from the rest of this letter agreement, and the validity legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way
be affected or impaired thereby. 

Please
indicate your agreement with and acceptance of the terms of this letter agreement by signing in the space provided and returning this
letter agreement to our attention at the address above. 

[
- signature page follows - ] 

By
execution hereof, the undersigned hereby agrees to the terms and conditions of this letter agreement. 

Very
 truly yours, 

NOVO
 INTEGRATED SCIENCES INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Robert Mattacchione 

Name: 
 Robert
 Mattacchione 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

TERRAGENIX
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Terry Mullins 

Name: 
 Terry
 Mullins 

Title: 
 President 

ACCEPTED
 AND AGREED: 

JEFFERSON
 STREET CAPITAL LLC 

By: 
 /s/
 Brian Goldberg 

Name:
 
 Brian
 Goldberg 

Title:
 
 Managing
 Member 

</EX-10.49>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

LIST
OF SUBSIDIARIES 

The
following is a list of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. as of August 31, 2022. 

Company 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation or 
 Organization 
 
 Novo Healthnet Limited (1) 
 
 Ontario, Canada 
 
 Novomerica Health Group, Inc. (1) 
 
 Nevada 
 
 PRO-DIP, LLC (1) 
 
 New York 
 
 Acenzia, Inc. (2) 
 
 Ontario, Canada 
 
 Terragenx Inc. (3) 
 
 Canada 
 
 Clinical Consultants International LLC (1) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Novo Healthnet Rehab Limited (1) 
 
 Ontario, Canada 
 
 Novo Assessments Inc. (1) 
 
 Ontario, Canada 
 
 Novo Healthnet Kemptville Centre, Inc. (4) 
 
 Ontario, Canada 
 
 12858461 Canada Corp. (5) 
 
 Canada 

(1) 
 100 owned subsidiary of
 Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

(2) 
 100 owned subsidiary of
 Novo Healthnet Limited 

(3) 
 91 owned subsidiary by
 Novo Healthnet Limited 

(4) 
 80 owned subsidiary of
 Novo Healthnet Limited 

(5) 
 50.1 owned by Novo Healthnet
 Limited 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401), Form S-3 (File No. 333-264360,
File No. 333-256892, and File No. 333-254278), and Form S-8 (File No. 333-253289 and File No. 333-22686) of our audit report dated April
3, 2023, with respect to the consolidated balance sheet of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of August 31, 2022,
and the related consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss, consolidated statement of stockholders equity, and
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended. Our report relating to those financial statements includes an emphasis
of matter paragraph regarding substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Spokane,
Washington 

 April
3, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit
23.2 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401), Form S-3 (File Nos.
333-264360, 333-256892 and 333-254278) Form S-8 (File No. 333-253289 and 333-222686) of our report dated December 14, 2021, with respect
to the consolidated balance sheet of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of August 31, 2021, and the related consolidated
statement of operations and comprehensive loss, consolidated statement of stockholders equity, and consolidated statement of cash
flows for the year then ended. 

Richmond
 Hill, Ontario, Canada 
 April
 3, 2023 
 
 /s/
 SRCO Professional Corporation 

CHARTERED
 PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANTS 
 Authorized
 to practice public accounting by the 
 Chartered
 Professional Accountants of Ontario 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Robert Mattacchione, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
April 3, 2023 

/s/
 Robert Mattacchione 

Robert Mattacchione 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (principal
 executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
James Zsebok, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
April 3, 2023 

/s/
 James Zsebok 

James Zsebok 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended
August 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Robert Mattacchione, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, and I, James Zsebok, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

Date:
 April 3, 2023 
 /s/
 Robert Mattacchione 

Robert
 Mattacchione, Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal
 executive officer) 

/s/ James
 Zsebok 

James Zsebok, Principal
 Financial Officer 

This
certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except
to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 nvos-20220831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 nvos-20220831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 nvos-20220831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 nvos-20220831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

