<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230418_10-K_edgar_data_1910975_0001683168-23-002515.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1880638</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>52933</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>475740</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>399881</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>378541</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>530001</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002515.hdr.sgml : 20230418
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230418171357
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002515
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230418
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230418

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rapid Line Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001910975
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES [8200]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-263739
		FILM NUMBER:		23827735

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		GIELDOWA 4A
		CITY:			WARSAW
		STATE:			R9
		ZIP:			01-211
		BUSINESS PHONE:		13072004926

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		GIELDOWA 4A
		CITY:			WARSAW
		STATE:			R9
		ZIP:			01-211

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rapid Line Inc,
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220211

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002515.txt : 20230418

10-K
 1
 rapidline_i10k-013123.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

Mark One 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 

 ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______ to _______ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 8200 
 (Primary Standard Industrial 
 Classification Number) 
 
 EIN 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification Number) 

,
 
Telephone: + 

 Email: info@kid-win.com 

 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, 

 including area code, of registrant s principal
executive offices 

Wyoming Registered Agent 

 1621 Central Ave 

 Cheyenne, WY 82001 

 +13076375151 

 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone
number, 

 including area code, of agent for service) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by checkmark whether the issuer: (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required
a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant
recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

Indicate by checkmark whether the issuer has filed all documents and
reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 after the distribution of securities under
a plan confirmed by a court. 

 Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity
held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price
of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was . 

Class 
 Outstanding as of January 31, 2023 
 
 Common Stock: 0.0001 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART 1 

ITEM 1 
 Description of Business 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 2 
 
 ITEM 1B 
 Unresolved Staff comments 
 2 
 
 ITEM 2 
 Properties 
 2 
 
 ITEM 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 2 
 
 ITEM 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 2 

PART II 

ITEM 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 3 
 
 ITEM 6 
 [Reserved] 
 3 
 
 ITEM 7 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 3 
 
 ITEM 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 5 
 
 ITEM 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 5 
 
 ITEM 9 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 5 
 
 ITEM 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 5 
 
 ITEM 9B 
 Other Information 
 7 
 
 ITEM 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 7 

PART III 

ITEM 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons of the Company 
 8 
 
 ITEM 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 10 
 
 ITEM 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 11 
 
 ITEM 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 12 
 
 ITEM 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 12 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 Exhibits 
 14 
 
 ITEM 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 14 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual report contains forward-looking statements.
These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. These statements often can be identified by the use of terms
such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, approximate 
or continue, or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such
statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the
date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management's best judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to
differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation
subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect
the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Description of Business 

GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT OUR COMPANY 

Rapid Line Inc. is a development stage company
formed to commence operations concerned with online education. We were incorporated under the laws of the state of Wyoming on January
10, 2022. We are providing the useful and effective type of online learning service, additional play-based studying in a form of quiz
tool according to a school program available from anywhere using the phone and internet connection. Our online service provides a high
quality, fundamental, comprehensive additional education through our mobile application KIDWIN for Android and iOS mobile
OS. We are offering our services to the children and their parents in Poland and in future in some other European countries on different
languages. 

We offer play-based studying that address the
educational and personal development to the children from 7 to 16 years old through purposeful quizzes. Our future consumers require a
mobile phone and internet connection to use our services. Our education app will seek to develop the knowledge of our young consumers
primarily in school program according to their age and grade in the following 10 subjects: 

Astronomy; 

Biology: anatomy, cell and molecular biology, microbiology, genetics, zoology; 

Chemistry: organic, inorganic, physical and biochemistry; 

Geography: physical, environmental and political; 

History; 

Informatics; 

Logics; 

Mathematics: algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics; 

Physics: thermodynamics and statistical mechanics, quantum mechanics, atomic physics, molecular physics etc.; 

Religious studies. 

The links for the KID WIN application: 

In Google Play - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kidwin 

In App Store - https://apps.apple.com/app/kid-win/id1607338471 

1 

Our website address is https://kid-win.com/ 

Our executive and business office is located at
Gieldowa 4A, Warsaw 01-211, Poland, and our telephone number is +48222196622. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Not required for Smaller reporting companies. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not required for Smaller reporting companies. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Currently we don t own any properties. Our
business office is located at Gieldowa 4A, Warsaw 01-211, Poland. This address was provided by sole officer and president, Wiktor Moroz.
Our telephone number is +48222196622. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings,
and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not Applicable. 

2 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

The company stock is not trading at the moment. 

Registered Holders of our Common Stock 

As of January 31, 2023, there were approximately
35 record owners of our common stock including director. 

Dividends 

The Company has never declared or paid cash dividends
on its common stock and does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During our fiscal years ended January 31, 2023
and 2022, we had no sales of unregistered shares. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023,
and 2022 the Company did not repurchase any shares of its Common Stock. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

We are a development stage corporation with limited
operations and revenues from our business operations. Our auditors have issued a going concern opinion. This means that our auditors believe
there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months. We do not anticipate that we will
generate significant revenues until we have raised the funds necessary to conduct a marketing program. 

PLAN OF OPERATION 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED JANUARY 31, 2023 COMPARED TO
FISCAL YEAR ENDED JANUARY 31, 2022. 

Our net loss for the fiscal year ended January
31, 2023 was 22,190 compared to a net loss of 731 during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. In January 31, 2023 we generated total
revenue of 6,300 and in January 31, 2022 the Company have not generated any revenue. 

Expenses incurred were 28,490 during fiscal year
ended January 31, 2023 compared to 731 during fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. 

The number of shares outstanding was 3,567,750
for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 and 2,500,000 for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. 

3 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED January 31, 2023 and 2022. 

As of January 31, 2023, our total assets were
 57,208 consisting of Mobile Application and Website Development and Accumulated amortization and Prepaid Expenses and Issuances of Common
Shares. 

As of January 31, 2022, our total assets were
 40,699. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

We have not generated positive cash flows from
operating activities. For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, net cash flows used in operating activities was 11,581. For the fiscal
year ended January 31, 2022, net cash flows used in operating activities was 551. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

We have not generated positive cash flows from
investing activities. For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, net cash flows used in investing activities was 40,648. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

We have financed our operations primarily from
either advances from our sole executive or the issuance of equity. For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, net cash provided by financing
activities was 34,599. For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, net cash from financing activities was 41,250. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that
have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

GOING CONCERN 

There is no historical financial information about
us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in start-up stage operations and have generated limited revenues. We cannot
guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business
enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services and products. 

We have no assurance that future financing will
be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue, develop or
expand our operations. Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholders. 

The extent of the impact of the coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak on the financial performance of the Company will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak
and related advisories and restrictions and the impact of COVID-19 on the overall economy, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted. If the overall economy is impacted for an extended period, the Company s future operating results may be materially
adversely affected. 

4 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s
application of accounting policies. We believe that understanding the basis and nature of the estimates and assumptions involved with
the following aspects of our financial statements is critical to an understanding of our financial statements. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. The estimates and judgments will also affect the reported amounts for certain expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from these good faith estimates and judgments. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The Company s Financial Statements required
by Item 8, together with the reports thereon of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are set forth on pages F-1 through F-9
of this report and are incorporated by reference in this Item 8. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accounting
and Financial Disclosures. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Our management necessarily
applied its judgment in assessing the costs and benefits of such controls and procedures, which, by their nature, can provide only reasonable
assurance regarding management s control objectives. 

Our management, with the participation of our
CEO, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered
by this Report. Based upon this evaluation, our CEO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of
the identification of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which is described below. 

5 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Our internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have
inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention of overriding controls. Accordingly, even effective
internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Tread way Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on
this evaluation, management concluded that that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of January 31, 2023.
Our CEO concluded we have a material weakness due to lack of segregation of duties, a limited corporate governance structure, and a lack
of a formal management review process over preparation of financial information. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Our size has prevented us from being able to employ
sufficient resources to enable us to have an adequate level of supervision and segregation of duties within our system of internal control.
Therefore, while there are some compensating controls in place, it is difficult to ensure effective segregation of accounting and financial
reporting duties. Management reported the following material weaknesses: 

Lack of segregation of duties in certain accounting and financial reporting processes including the initiation, processing, recording and approval of disbursements; 

Our corporate governance responsibilities are performed by the Board of Directors, none of whom are independent under applicable standards; we do not have an audit committee or compensation committee. Our Board of Directors acts primarily by written consent without meetings which results in several of our corporate governance functions not being performed concurrent (or timely) with the underlying transactions, including evaluation of the application of accounting principles and disclosures. 

Certain reports that we prepare, and accounting and reporting conclusions reached in connection with the financial statement preparation process are not subjected to a formal review process that includes multiple levels of review and are not submitted timely to the Board of Directors for review or approval; and 

While we strive to segregate duties as much as
practicable, there is an insufficient volume of transactions at this point in time to justify additional full-time staff. We believe that
this is typical in many development stage companies. We may not be able to fully remediate the material weakness until we commence operations
at which time, we would expect to hire more staff. We will continue to monitor and assess the costs and benefits of additional staffing. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the SEC rules that permit us to provide only management s
report in this Annual Report. 

6 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended January 31, 2023, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not Applicable. 

7 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and
Corporate Governance. 

Directors of the corporation are elected by the
stockholders to a term of 1 (one) year and serve until a successor is elected and qualified. Officers of the corporation are appointed
by the Board of Directors to a term of one year and serves until a successor is duly appointed and qualified, or until he or she is removed
from office. The Board of Directors has no nominating, auditing or compensation committees. 

Our executive officer and director, his
name, age, and his positions as of the date of this prospectus are as follows: 

Name and Address of Executive 
 Officer and/or Director 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Wiktor Moroz 
 Gieldowa 4 , Warsaw 01-211, Poland 
 
 46 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer, Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer and Sole Director 

Wiktor Moroz has been holding the above stated positions since the
inception of the Rapid Line Inc. and is expected to hold them until the next annual meeting of our stockholders. Thereby, Mr. Wiktor Moroz
is currently the Sole officer and Director and control person of Rapid Line Inc. 

Resume 

Wiktor Moroz, Age 46 

Mr. Wiktor Moroz has served as the Company s
President, CEO, Secretary, Treasurer and a Director since its incorporation on January 10, 2022. He has got the degree in Business Administration. 

2004 - 2021 - worked in diverse roles as a self
employed who provided business consulting services across the Europe. Mostly he served as a consultant. Among related branches were: marketing,
sales and advertising. While collaborating with business owners he: 

developed detailed business plans 

developed and implemented promotional campaigns 

met with clients to perform assessments 

organized and assigned business projects 

developed and implemented an ongoing companies budget 

standardized and streamlined clients businesses functions 

collaborated with members of the analyst teams to create project plans for client objectives 

was engaged in marketing activities 

advised and consulted clients on strategy, operations, finance, HR, and other areas of business 

8 

All this time he was seeking to accelerate the
growth of small- and medium-sized businesses by delivering strategically-driven results. He made the clients businesses into higher performing
businesses that were better aligned to their owner's expectations, by getting into the specifics of each business or client s current
strategic plan to make meaningful and financially rewarding improvements. 

We expect that his global professional experience
will help to propel KIDWIN to the forefront of the children online education industry in Poland and set us apart from our peers. Our director's
experience and strong execution capabilities will enable us to grow successfully, manage our operations, and promote our newbie brand. 

Committees of the Board 

Our Company currently does not have nominating,
compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions, nor does our Company have a written nominating, compensation
or audit committee charter. Our director believes that it is not necessary to have such committees, at this time, because the functions
of such committees can be adequately performed by the sole director. 

Our Company does not have any defined policy or
procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for Directors. The sole director believes that, given
the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our business operations develop
to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the sole
director and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The sole director, will assess all candidates,
whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment. 

A shareholder who wishes to communicate with our
sole director may do so by directing a written request addressed to our president and director, at the address appearing on the first
page of this Prospectus. 

Corporate Governance 

The Company promotes accountability for adherence
to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents
that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in other public communications made by
the Company; and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. The Company has not formally adopted
a written code of business conduct and ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers and directors as the Company is not
required to do so. 

In lieu of an Audit Committee, the Company s
sole director is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the scope,
results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company's financial statements and other services provided by the Company s
independent public accountants. The sole director reviews the Company's internal accounting controls, practices and policies. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

In the event that we register under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act or 1934 Act ), Section 16(a) of that act will require our directors
and executive officers, and persons who own more than ten percent of our common stock, to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
initial reports of ownership and reports of changes of ownership of our common stock. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent
stockholders will be required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

We intend to ensure to the best of our ability
that all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than ten percent beneficial owners are complied
with in a timely fashion. 

9 

Code of Business Conduct 

We have not adopted a Code of Business Conduct
within the meaning of Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. 

Board Committees 

We do not have any Board Committees. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The table below summarizes the total compensation
earned by each of our named executive Officers NEOs for each of the fiscal years listed. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Management Compensation 

The following tables set forth certain information
about compensation paid, earned or accrued for services by our sole officer and director from our inception on January 10, 2022 until
January 31, 2023: 

Name and 
 Principal 
 Position 
 
 Years 

Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 ) 

All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Wiktor Moroz, President, 
 
 2022 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 250 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 250 
 
 CEO, CFO 
 
 2023 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

Compensation of Directors 

Directors are permitted to receive fixed fees
and other compensation for their services as directors. The Board of Directors has the authority to fix the compensation of directors.
No amounts have been paid to, or accrued to, our director in such capacity. 

Stock Plan 

We have not adopted a stock plan but may do so
in the future. 

10 

Director Independence 

Our securities are not currently traded on any
public exchange and as such, we are not currently subject to corporate governance standards of listed companies, which require, among
other things, that the majority of the board of directors be independent. We are not currently subject to corporate governance standards
defining the independence of our directors, and we have chosen to define an independent director in accordance with the
NASDAQ Global Market s requirements for independent directors. 

Under the NASDAQ rules, our current director does
not qualify as an independent director. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matter. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth the beneficial
ownership (and the percentages of outstanding shares represented by such beneficial ownership) as of January 31, 2023, of (i) each director,
(ii) the current NEOs named in the Summary Compensation Table contained in this Form 10-K and (iii) all current directors
and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, we believe that the beneficial owners of the common stock listed below,
based on information provided by such owners, have sole investment and voting power with respect to such shares, subject to community
property laws where applicable. Persons, who have the power to vote or dispose of common stock of the Company, either alone or jointly
with others, are deemed to be beneficial owners of such common stock. 

Wiktor Moroz, President, CEO, CFO and Chairman of the Board. 
 2,500,000 shares 

Certain Stockholders 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of five percent or more of either class of the Company s outstanding
common stock. The content of this table is based upon the most current information contained in Schedules 13D or 13G filings with the
SEC, unless more recent information was obtained. 

Wiktor Moroz, President, CEO, CFO and Chairman of the Board. 
 70 

This percentage is calculated based on the outstanding
shares of 3,567,750 as of January 31, 2023. 

11 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

The following table sets forth certain information
concerning the number of shares of our common stock owned beneficially as of January 31, 2023 by: (i) each person (including any group)
known to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii) our director, and or (iii) our officer. Unless
otherwise indicated, the stockholder listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 

Title of Class 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of Common Stock 

Common 
 Wiktor Moroz 
 2,500,000 
 70 
 
 Common 
 All Officers and Directors as a Group (1 person) 
 2,500,000 
 70 

Future Sales by Existing Shareholders 

A total of 2,500,000 common shares at 0.0001
per share have been issued to our sole stockholder. They are restricted securities, as that term is defined in Rule 144 of the Rules and
Regulations of the SEC promulgated under the Act. Under Rule 144, such shares can be publicly sold, subject to volume restrictions and
certain restrictions on the manner of sale, commencing six months after their acquisition. 

Any sale of shares held by the existing stockholder
(after applicable restrictions expire) and/or the sale of shares purchased in this offering (which would be immediately resalable after
the offering), may have a depressive effect on the price of our common stock in any market that may develop, of which there can be no
assurance. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

FEES TO THE COMPANY S AUDITORS 

Set forth below is a summary of certain fees paid
to our independent audit Gries Associates, LLC, Independent registered public accountants for services for the fiscal years 2023
and 2022, respectively. 

Fee Category 
 Fiscal Year 2023 
 Fiscal Year 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 11,000 
 11,000 
 
 Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 11,000 
 11,000 

12 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees were for professional services rendered
in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements set forth in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, the review of our quarterly
financial statements set forth in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and consents for other SEC filings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for
professional services for consultation on accounting matters. 

Approval of Services Provided by Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors has considered whether
the services provided under other non-audit services are compatible with maintaining the auditor s independence and has determined
that such services are compatible. The Board of Directors has adopted policies and procedures for pre-approving all non-audit work performed
by the external auditors. The Board of Directors will annually pre-approve services in specified accounting areas. The Board of Directors
also annually approves the budget for the annual generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) audit. 

13 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 (1) 
 Financial Statements 

The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

The Financial Statements of Rapid Line Inc. at January 31, 2023 and 2022, and for each of the two fiscal years in the period ended January 31, 2023, together with the reports of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms, are set forth on pages F-1 through F-9 of this Report. 

(2) 
 Not applicable. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

# 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 # 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

(1) Incorporated by reference from the Company s
Registration Statement on Form S-1, SEC File No. 333-263739 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary . 

None. 

14 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized on April 18, 2023. 

RAPID LINE INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Wiktor Moroz 

Wiktor Moroz 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated
on April 18, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Wiktor Moroz 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer, Principal Executive Officer, 
 
 Wiktor Moroz 

Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer and 
 Sole Director 

15 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

RAPID LINE INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 
 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the Years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-6 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Gries
 Associates, LLC 

 Certified Public Accountants 

 501 S. Cherry Street, Suite 1100 

 Denver, Colorado 80246 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Rapid Line Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Rapid Line Inc.(the Company) as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related statement of operations, stockholders deficit
and cash flows for the period then ended and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 31, 2023, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the period then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud and performing procedures that respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion 

 . 

 Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred
losses since inception of 22,921, and has not received any revenues These factors create an uncertainty as to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in note 2. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Emphasis of Matters-Risks and Uncertainties 

The Company is not able to predict the
ultimate impact that COVID -19 will have on its business. However, if the current economic conditions continue, the pandemic could
have an adverse impact on the economies and financial markets of many countries, including the geographical area in which the
Company plans to operate. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April 18, 2023 

 PCAOB # 

F- 2 

RAPID LINE INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

January 31, 2023 
 January 31, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Escrow Account 

Prepaid Expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Non-Current Intangible Assets 

Mobile Application and Website Development 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Total Non-Current Intangible Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES 

Current Liabilities 

Interest Payable 

Total Current liabilities 

Long term liabilities 

Director Loan 

Promissory Note 

Total long term liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 respectively; 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 3 

RAPID LINE INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the years ended January 31, 2023 
 For the years ended January 31, 2022 

REVENUE (Banner advertisement) 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and Administrative Expenses 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

NET INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

NET LOSS PER SHARE; BASIC AND DILUTED 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC AND DILUTED 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 4 

RAPID LINE INC. 

 STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED JANUARY 31, 2023 JANUARY
31, 2022 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Deficit Accumulated during the Development 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Stage 
 Equity 

Inception, January 10, 2022 

Shares issued for cash at 0.0001 per share on January 10, 2022 

Net loss for the year ended January 31, 2022 

Balance, January 31, 2022 

Shares issued for cash at 0.02 per share in July, 2022 

Shares issued for cash at 0.02 per share in October, 2022 

Shares issued for cash at 0.02 per share in January, 2023 

Net loss for the period ending January 31, 2023 

Balance, January 31, 2023 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 5 

RAPID LINE INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended January 31, 2023 
 For the year ended January 31, 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustment to reconcile net income (loss) to cash provided by operating activities 

Interest payable 

Accumulated amortization 

Prepaid Expenses 

CASH FLOWS USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Mobile application and website 

CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Promissory Note 

Related Party Loans 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net increase in cash and equivalents 

Cash and equivalents at beginning of the period 

Cash and equivalents at end of the period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 6 

RAPID LINE INC. 

 NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED JANUARY 31, 2023 and 2022 

as of January 31, 2023. The Company
currently has losses and has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs
over an extended period of time. Therefore, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management anticipates that the Company will be dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses.
The Company intends to position itself so that it will be able to raise additional funds through the capital markets. In light of management s
efforts, there are no assurances that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and
continue as a going concern. 

. 

potentially dilutive debt or equity instruments issued or
outstanding. 

,
 0.0001 par value shares of common stock authorized. 

On January 10, 2022 the
Company issued shares of common stock to a director for services rendered estimated to be at 0.0001 per share. 

In July, the Company
issued common shares to few individuals at 0.02 per share in consideration of . 

There were 
shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2022. 

In October, the Company
issued common shares to few individuals at 0.02 per share in consideration of . 

There were 
shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2022. 

In January, the Company
issued common shares to few individuals at 0.02 per share in consideration of . 

There were 
shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of January 31, 2023. 

Voting Common Stock 

 All shares of common stock have voting rights
and are identical. All holders of shares of voting common stock shall at every meeting of the stockholders be entitled to one vote for
each share of the capital stock held by such stockholder. 

Non-voting Common Stock 

 All of the other terms of the Non-Voting Common
Stock shall be identical to the Voting Common Stock, except for the right of first refusal that attaches to the Non-Voting Common Stock,
as explained in the Company s Bylaws. 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net Book Value 

for operating expenses on behalf of the Company. The amounts due to the related party
are unsecured and non-interest bearing with no set terms of repayment. 

that may be available to reduce future years' taxable income in varying amounts through 2041. 

Future tax benefits which arise as a result of
these losses have not been recognized in these financial statements, as their realization is determined not likely to occur and accordingly,
the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset relating to these tax loss carry-forwards. 

The 21 tax rate provision for Federal income
tax consists of the following: 

Related party accruals 

Less: change in valuation allowance 

Net provision for Federal income taxes 

The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of 21 of significant
items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

Related party accruals 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

F- 11 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 rapidline_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of the Company s Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

 and Securities and Exchange Commission Release
34-46427 

I, Wiktor Moroz, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Rapid Line Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods present in this annual report; 

4. 
 As the registrant s sole certifying officer, I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 As the registrant s sole certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 18, 2023 

Rapid Line Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Wiktor Moroz 

Wiktor Moroz, President, Secretary, 

Treasurer, Principal Executive Officer, 

Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer and 

Sole Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 rapidline_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer
and Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Rapid
Line Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Wiktor Moroz, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 18, 2023 

Rapid Line Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Wiktor Moroz 

Wiktor Moroz, President, Secretary, 

Treasurer, Principal Executive Officer, 

Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer and 

Sole Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 none-20230131.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 none-20230131_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 none-20230131_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 none-20230131_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

