<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230420_10-K_edgar_data_819926_0001213900-23-031178.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>803356</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>306035</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>433264</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-031178.hdr.sgml : 20230420
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230420092646
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-031178
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230420
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230420

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SHARING ECONOMY INTERNATIONAL INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000819926
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				900648920
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34591
		FILM NUMBER:		23831623

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CORNWALL CENTRE, NO.85 CASTLE PEAK ROAD
		STREET 2:		COFFEE BAY, TUEN MUN
		CITY:			NEW TERRITORIES
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852 3583 2186

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CORNWALL CENTRE, NO.85 CASTLE PEAK ROAD
		STREET 2:		COFFEE BAY, TUEN MUN
		CITY:			NEW TERRITORIES
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cleantech Solutions International, Inc.,
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110621

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	China Wind Systems, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071221

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MALEX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-031178.txt : 20230420

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_sharingeco.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______________ to
______________ 

Commission file number: 001-34591 

SHARING ECONOMY INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 
 Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter 

NEVADA 
 
 90-0648920 
 
 State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

No.85 Castle Peak Road 
Castle Peak Bay 
Tuen Mun, N.T., Hong Kong 
 Address of principal executive offices) 

(852) 2583-2186 
(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the
Act: common stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the
Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 No 

Indicate by check whether the issuer: (1) filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an
emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate 
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section13 (a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting fi rm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was sold, or the average
bid and asked prices of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter. Approximately 1,564,691 on June 30, 2022. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 429,883,971 shares of common stock are outstanding
as of March 31, 2023. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

SHARING ECONOMY INTERNATIONAL INC. 

 FORM 10-K 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page
 No. 
 
 Part I 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 26 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 

Part II 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 28 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 36 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 37 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 37 

Part III 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 38 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 40 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 41 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 41 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 42 

Part IV 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 43 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 43 

Signatures 
 44 

i 

INTRODUCTORY COMMENT 

We are not a Hong Kong operating
company but a Nevada holding company with operations conducted through our wholly owned subsidiaries based in Hong Kong and the People s
Republic of China the PRC ). Our investors hold shares of common stock in Sharing Economy International Inc, the Nevada
holding company. This structure presents unique risks as our investors may never directly hold equity interests in our Hong Kong and PRC
subsidiaries and will be dependent upon contributions from our subsidiaries to finance our cash flow needs. Our ability to obtain contributions
from our subsidiaries is significantly affected by regulations promulgated by Hong Kong and PRC authorities. Any change in the interpretation
of existing rules and regulations or the promulgation of new rules and regulations may materially affect our operations and or the value
of our securities, including causing the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. For a detailed description
of the risks facing the Company associated with our structure, please refer to Risk Factors Risks Relating to Doing
Business in Hong Kong and the PRC . 

Sharing Economy International
Inc. and our Hong Kong and PRC subsidiaries are not required to obtain permission from the Chinese authorities including the China Securities
Regulatory Commission, or CSRC, or Cybersecurity Administration Committee, or CAC, to operate or to issue securities to foreign investors.
However, in light of the recent statements and regulatory actions by the People s Republic of China the PRC government,
such as those related to Hong Kong s national security, the promulgation of regulations prohibiting foreign ownership of Chinese
companies operating in certain industries, which are constantly evolving, and anti-monopoly concerns, we may be subject to the risks of
uncertainty of any future actions of the PRC government in this regard including the risk that we inadvertently conclude that such approvals
are not required, that applicable laws, regulations or interpretations change such that we are required to obtain approvals in the future,
or that the PRC government could disallow our holding company structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations,
including our ability to continue our existing holding company structure, carry on our current business, accept foreign investments, and
offer or continue to offer securities to our investors. These adverse actions could cause the value of our common stock to significantly
decline or become worthless. We may also be subject to penalties and sanctions imposed by the PRC regulatory agencies, including the Chinese
Securities Regulatory Commission, if we fail to comply with such rules and regulations, which would likely adversely affect the ability
of the Company s securities to continue to trade on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, which would likely cause the value of our
securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

There may be prominent risks
associated with our operations being in Hong Kong. For example, as a U.S.-listed Hong Kong public company, we may face heightened
scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity, which could result in a material change in our operations and the value of our common stock.
It could also significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the
value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. Additionally, changes in Chinese internal regulatory mandates, such
as the M A rules, Anti-Monopoly Law, and Data Security Law, may target the Company s corporate structure and impact our ability to
conduct business in Hong Kong, accept foreign investments, or list on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. Recently, the PRC government
initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in China with little advance notice, including
cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using variable
interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly
enforcement, The business of our subsidiaries are not subject to cybersecurity review with the Cyberspace Administration of China, or
CAC, given that: (i) our sharing economy platform allows individual users to rent and make use of the access to the sharing contents;
(ii) we do not possess a large amount of personal information in our business operations. In addition, we are not subject to merger control
review by China s anti-monopoly enforcement agency due to the level of our revenues which provided from us and audited by our auditor
and the fact that we currently do not expect to propose or implement any acquisition of control of, or decisive influence over, any company
with revenues within China of more than RMB400 million. Currently, these statements and regulatory actions have had no impact on our daily
business operations, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. However,
since these statements and regulatory actions are new, it is highly uncertain how soon legislative or administrative regulation making
bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated,
if any, and the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation, the ability to accept
foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. For a detailed description of the risks the Company
is facing and the offering associated with our operations in Hong Kong and PRC, please refer to Risk Factors Risks Relating
to Doing Business in Hong Kong and PRC . 

ii 

The recent joint statement
by the SEC and PCAOB, and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act all call for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied
to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected
by the PCAOB. Trading in our securities may be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB determines
that it cannot inspect or investigate completely our auditor, and that as a result, an exchange may determine to delist our securities.
On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (HFCAA) which would reduce the number
of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCAA from three years to two thus reducing the
time before our securities may be prohibited from trading or being delisted. On December 2, 2021, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
adopted rules to implement the HFCAA. Pursuant to the HFCAA, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) issued its report notifying
the Commission that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely accounting firms headquartered in mainland China or Hong Kong due
to positions taken by authorities in mainland China and Hong Kong. Our auditor is based in United States of America and is subject
to PCAOB inspection. It is not subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. Furthermore, due to the recent
developments in connection with the implementation of the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, we cannot assure you whether the
SEC or other regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent criteria to us after considering the effectiveness of our
auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic
reach or experience as it relates to the audit of our financial statements. The requirement in the HFCA Act that the PCAOB be permitted
to inspect the issuer s public accounting firm within two or three years, may result in the delisting of our securities from applicable
trading markets in the U.S, in the future if the PCAOB is unable to inspect our accounting firm at such future time. Please see Risk
Factors - The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act requires the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) to be permitted
to inspect the issuer s public accounting firm within three years. This three year period will be shortened to two years if the Accelerating
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act is enacted. There are uncertainties under the PRC Securities Law relating
to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies to conduct investigations and collect evidence within
the territory of the PRC. If the U.S. securities regulatory agencies are unable to conduct such investigations, they may suspend or de-register
our registration with the SEC and delist our securities from applicable trading market within the US. 

In addition to the foregoing
risks, we face various legal and operational risks and uncertainties arising from doing business in Hong Kong and PRC as summarized below
and in Risk Factors Risks Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong and PRC. . 

Adverse changes in economic
and political policies of the PRC government could have a material and adverse effect on overall economic growth in China and Hong Kong,
which could materially and adversely affect our business. Please see Risk Factors-We face the risk that changes in the policies
of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in Hong Kong and the profitability
of such business. and Substantial uncertainties and restrictions with respect to the political and economic
policies of the PRC government and PRC laws and regulations could have a significant impact upon the business that we may be able to
conduct in the PRC and accordingly on the results of our operations and financial condition. set forth in the Form 10. 

We are a holding company with
operations conducted through our wholly owned subsidiaries based in Hong Kong and PRC. This structure presents unique risks as our investors
may never directly hold equity interests in our Hong Kong subsidiaries and will be dependent upon contributions from our subsidiaries
to finance our cash flow needs. Any limitation on the ability of our subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material adverse
effect on our ability to conduct business. We do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future; you should not buy our stock
if you expect dividends. Please see Risk Factors- Because our holding company structure creates restrictions on the payment
of dividends, our ability to pay dividends is limited. 

iii 

PRC regulation of loans to and direct investments in PRC entities by offshore holding companies may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds of this offering to make loans or additional capital contributions to our operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong. Substantial uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation of the PRC Foreign Investment Law and how it may impact the viability of our current corporate structure, corporate governance and business operations. Please see Risk Factors- PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds we receive from offshore financing activities to make loans to or make additional capital contributions to our Hong Kong subsidiaries, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand business. set forth in the Form 10. 

In light of China s extension of its authority into Hong Kong, the Chinese government can change Hong Kong s rules and regulations at any time with little or no advance notice, and can intervene and influence our operations and business activities in Hong Kong. We are currently not required to obtain approval from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges. However, if our subsidiaries or the holding company were required to obtain approval in the future, or we erroneously conclude that approvals were not required, or we were denied permission from Chinese authorities to operate or to list on U.S. exchanges, we will not be able to continue listing on a U.S. exchange and the value of our common stock would likely significantly decline or become worthless, which would materially affect the interest of the investors. There is a risk that the Chinese government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, or may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in Hong Kong-based issuers, which could result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of our securities. Further, any actions by the Chinese government to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers would likely significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. Please see Risk Factors-We face the risk that changes in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in the Hong Kong and the profitability of such business . and Substantial uncertainties and restrictions with respect to the political and economic policies of the PRC government and PRC laws and regulations could have a significant impact upon the business that we may be able to conduct in Hong Kong and accordingly on the results of our operations and financial condition . and The Chinese government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities. We are currently not required to obtain approval from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges. However, to the extent that the Chinese government exerts more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers over time and if our PRC subsidiaries or the holding company were required to obtain approval in the future and were denied permission from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges, we will not be able to continue listing on U.S. exchange and the value of our common stock may significantly decline or become worthless, which would materially affect the interest of the investors. 

Governmental control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment. 

We may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. We may be liable for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided by our customers. Please see Risk Factors- The Chinese government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities. We are currently not required to obtain approval from Chinese authorities to list on U.S exchanges. However, to the extent that the Chinese government exerts more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers over time and if our PRC subsidiaries or the holding company were required to obtain approval in the future and were denied permission from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges, we will not be able to continue listing on U.S. exchange and the value of our common stock may significantly decline or become worthless, which would materially affect the interest of the investors . set forth in the Form 10. 

Under the Enterprise Income Tax EIT Law, we may be classified as a Resident Enterprise of China. Such classification will likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders. Please see Risk Factors- Our global income may be subject to PRC taxes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

iv 

Failure to comply with PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident Shareholders to personal liability, may limit our ability to acquire Hong Kong and PRC companies or to inject capital into our Hong Kong and PRC subsidiaries, may limit the ability of our Hong Kong and PRC subsidiaries to distribute profits to us or may otherwise materially and adversely affect us. 

The recent joint statement by the SEC and PCAOB, and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act all call for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. Trading in our securities may be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or investigate completely our auditor, and that as a result an exchange may determine to delist our securities. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (HFCAA) which would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCAA from three years to two thus reducing the time before our securities may be prohibited from trading or being delisted. On December 2, 2021, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules to implement the HFCAA. Pursuant to the HFCAA, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) issued its report notifying the Commission that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely accounting firms headquartered in mainland China or Hong Kong due to positions taken by authorities in mainland China and Hong Kong. Our auditor is not subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. However, in the event the Malaysian authorities subsequently take a position disallowing the PCAOB to inspect our auditor, then we would need to change our auditor to avoid having our securities delisted. Please see Risk Factors- The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act requires the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) to be permitted to inspect the issuer s public accounting firm within three years. This three year period will be shortened to two years if the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act is enacted. There are uncertainties under the PRC Securities Law relating to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. If the U.S. securities regulatory agencies are unable to conduct such investigations, they may suspend or de-register our registration with the SEC and delist our securities from applicable trading market within the US. 

You may be subject to PRC income tax on dividends from us or on any gain realized on the transfer of shares of our common stock. Please see Risk Factors- Dividends payable to our foreign investors and gains on the sale of our shares of common stock by our foreign investors may become subject to tax by the PRC. 

We face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies. Please see Risk Factors- We and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies. 

We are organized under the laws of the State of Nevada as a holding company that conducts its business through a number of subsidiaries organized under the laws of foreign jurisdictions such as Hong Kong, PRC and the British Virgin Islands. This may have an adverse impact on the ability of U.S. investors to enforce a judgment obtained in U.S. Courts against these entities, bring actions in Hong Kong against us or our management or to effect service of process on the officers and directors managing the foreign subsidiaries. Please see Risk Factors- It may be difficult for stockholders to enforce any judgment obtained in the United States against us, which may limit the remedies otherwise available to our stockholders . 

U.S. regulatory bodies may be limited in their ability to conduct investigations or inspections of our operations in China. 

There are significant uncertainties under the
 EIT Law relating to the withholding tax liabilities of our PRC subsidiary, and dividends payable by our PRC subsidiary to our offshore
 subsidiaries may not qualify to enjoy certain treaty benefits. Please see Risk Factors- Our global income may be subject
 to PRC taxes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations . 

v 

References in this registration statement to
the Company, SEII, we, us and our refer to Sharing Economy International
Inc., a Nevada company and all of its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Where reference to a specific entity is required, the name
of such specific entity will be referenced. 

Transfers of Cash to and from Our Subsidiaries 

Sharing Economy International
Inc. is a Nevada holding company with no operations of its own. We conduct our operations in Hong Kong primarily through our subsidiaries
in Hong Kong and PRC. We may rely on dividends to be paid by our Hong Kong and PRC subsidiaries to fund our cash and financing requirements,
including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders, to service any debt we may incur and
to pay our operating expenses. If our Hong Kong and PRC subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing
the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. To date, our subsidiaries have not made any transfers,
dividends or distributions to Sharing Economy International Inc. and Sharing Economy International Inc. has not made any transfers, dividends
or distributions to our subsidiaries. 

Sharing Economy International
Inc. is permitted under the Nevada laws to provide funding to our subsidiaries in Hong Kong through loans or capital contributions without
restrictions on the amount of the funds, subject to satisfaction of applicable government registration, approval and filing requirements.
Our Hong Kong subsidiaries are permitted under the laws of Hong Kong to provide funding to Sharing Economy International Inc. through
dividend distribution without restrictions on the amount of the funds. As of the date of this prospectus, there have been no dividends
or distributions among the holding company or the subsidiaries nor do we expect such dividends or distributions to occur in the foreseeable
future among the holding company and its subsidiaries. 

We currently intend to retain
all available funds and future earnings, if any, for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying
any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our
board of directors after considering our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual requirements, business
prospects and other factors the board of directors deems relevant, and subject to the restrictions contained in any future financing instruments. 

Subject to the Nevada Revised
Statutes and our bylaws, our board of directors may authorize and declare a dividend to shareholders at such time and of such an amount
as they think fit if they are satisfied, on reasonable grounds, that immediately following the dividend the value of our assets will exceed
our liabilities and we will be able to pay our debts as they become due. There is no further Nevada statutory restriction on the amount
of funds which may be distributed by us by dividend. 

Under the current practice
of the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect of dividends paid by us. The laws and regulations
of the PRC do not currently have any material impact on transfer of cash from Sharing Economy International Inc. to our Hong Kong subsidiaries
or from our Hong Kong subsidiaries to Sharing Economy International Inc. There are no restrictions or limitation under the laws of Hong
Kong imposed on the conversion of Hong Kong dollar HKD into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of
Hong Kong or across borders and to U.S. investors. 

Current PRC regulations permit
PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to Hong Kong subsidiaries only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with
Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required to set aside at least 10 of
its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its registered capital. Each of
such entity in China is also required to further set aside a portion of its after-tax profits to fund the employee welfare fund, although
the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion of its board of directors. Although the statutory reserves can be
used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained earnings of the respective
companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation. As of the date of this prospectus,
we do not have any PRC subsidiaries. 

vi 

The PRC government also imposes
controls on the conversion of Renminbi RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC. Therefore,
we may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency for the payment
of dividends from our profits, if any. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in the PRC incur debt on their own in the future, the instruments
governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments. If we or our subsidiaries are unable to receive
all of the revenues from our operations, we may be unable to pay dividends on our common stock. 

Cash dividends, if any, on our common stock
will be paid in U.S. dollars. If we are considered a PRC tax resident enterprise for tax purposes, any dividends we pay to our overseas
shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result may be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of up to 10.0 . 

In order for us to pay dividends
to our shareholders, we will rely on payments made from our Hong Kong subsidiaries to Sharing Economy International Inc. If in the future
we have PRC subsidiaries, certain payments from such PRC subsidiaries to Hong Kong subsidiaries will be subject to PRC taxes, including
business taxes and VAT. As of the date of this prospectus, we do not have any PRC subsidiaries and our Hong Kong subsidiaries have not
made any transfers, dividends or distributions nor do we expect to make such transfers, dividends or distributions in the foreseeable
future. 

Pursuant to the Arrangement
between Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion on Income,
or the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement, the 10 withholding tax rate may be lowered to 5 if a Hong Kong resident enterprise owns no
less than 25 of a PRC entity. However, the 5 withholding tax rate does not automatically apply and certain requirements must be satisfied,
including, without limitation, that (a) the Hong Kong entity must be the beneficial owner of the relevant dividends; and (b) the Hong
Kong entity must directly hold no less than 25 share ownership in the PRC entity during the 12 consecutive months preceding its receipt
of the dividends. In current practice, a Hong Kong entity must obtain a tax resident certificate from the Hong Kong tax authority to apply
for the 5 lower PRC withholding tax rate. As the Hong Kong tax authority will issue such a tax resident certificate on a case-by-case
basis, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority and
enjoy the preferential withholding tax rate of 5 under the Double Taxation Arrangement with respect to dividends to be paid by a PRC
subsidiary to its immediate holding company. As of the date of this prospectus, we do not have a PRC subsidiary. In the event that we
acquire or form a PRC subsidiary in the future and such PRC subsidiary desires to declare and pay dividends to our Hong Kong subsidiary,
our Hong Kong subsidiary will be required to apply for the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority. In such
event, we plan to inform the investors through SEC filings, such as a current report on Form 8-K, prior to such actions. See Risk
Factors Risks Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong and PRC. 

vii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical
facts, included in this Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements in the Market Overview and Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s market projections, financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, events or developments which the Company
expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future, including such things as future capital expenditures (including the amount and
nature thereof); expansion and growth of the Company s business and operations; and other such matters are forward-looking statements.
These statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the Company in light of its experience and its perception of historical
trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are appropriate under the circumstances.
However, whether actual results or developments will conform with the Company s expectations and predictions is subject to a number of
risks and uncertainties, including general economic, market and business conditions; the business opportunities (or lack thereof) that
may be presented to and pursued by the Company; changes in laws or regulation; and other factors, most of which are beyond the control
of the Company. 

These forward-looking statements
can be identified by the use of predictive, future-tense or forward-looking terminology, such as believes, anticipates, 
 expects, estimates, plans, may, will, or similar terms. These statements appear
in a number of places in this filing and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company, and its
directors or its officers with respect to, among other things: (i) trends affecting the Company s financial condition or results of operations
for its limited history; (ii) the Company s business and growth strategies; and (iii) the Company s financing plans. Investors are cautioned
that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve significant risks and uncertainties, and
that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Such
factors that could adversely affect actual results and performance include, but are not limited to, the Company s limited operating history,
potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results and expenses, government regulation, technological change and competition. For information
identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements,
please refer to the Item 1A. - Risk Factors and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. Except for our ongoing obligations to disclose material information under the federal securities
laws, we undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report events or to report the
occurrence of unanticipated events. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report, and you should not rely
on these statements without also considering the risks and uncertainties associated with these statements and our business. 

Consequently, all of the forward-looking
statements made in this Form 10-K are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results or
developments anticipated by the Company will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequence
to or effects on the Company or its business or operations. The Company assumes no obligations to update any such forward-looking statements. 

viii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview of Our Sharing Economy Business 

Our business focuses on the development of sharing
economy platforms and related rental businesses. We believe a true peer-to-peer sharing economy based on rentals will take significant
market share in both the business and consumer markets over the next few years. 

Sharing economy business models are hosted through
digital platforms that enable more precise, real-time measurement of spare capacity and have the ability to dynamically connect that capacity
with those who need it. These digital platforms handle transactions that offer access over ownership through renting, lending, subscribing,
reselling, swapping or donating. Consumers who use sharing economy business models are often more comfortable with transactions that involve
deeper social interactions than traditional methods of exchange. 

With the market situation of the global sharing
economy markets, we continued to pursue what we believe are high growth opportunities for the Company, particularly our new business divisions
focused on the development of sharing economy platforms and related rental businesses within the company. These initiatives are still
in an early stage and are dependent in large part on availability of capital to fund their future growth. We did not generate significant
revenues from our sharing economy business initiatives in 2021. COVID-19 has continued to cause the global consumer behavior changes in
2021, which affects P2P sharing development. While the world is implanting vaccination for COVID-19, we believe P2P sharing activities
will resume to normal activity level during the second half of 2022. 

Listing Status 

On November 26, 2018, we received a staff determination
notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq informing the Company that as a result of its failure to comply with Nasdaq s
shareholder approval requirements set forth in Listing Rule 5635(c) (the Rule ), the staff determined to deny the Company s
request for continued listing based on a plan of compliance submitted on October 26, 2018. Our common stock was delisted from Nasdaq at
the open of trading on December 5, 2018. Our common stock is currently trading on the OTC Markets under the symbol SEII. 

Our Corporate History and Background 

We are a Nevada corporation. We were incorporated
in Delaware on June 24, 1987, under the name Malex, Inc. We changed our corporate name to China Wind Systems, Inc. on December 18, 2007.
On June 13, 2011, we changed our corporate name to Cleantech Solutions International, Inc. On August 7, 2012, we were converted into a
Nevada corporation. On January 8, 2018, we changed our name to Sharing Economy International Inc. 

Beginning in the second quarter of 2017 and throughout
2018, we established new business divisions to focus on the development of sharing economy platforms and related rental businesses. We
believe a true peer-to-peer sharing economy based on rentals will take significant market share in both the business and consumer markets
over the next few years. 

Sharing economy business models are hosted through
digital platforms that enable more precise, real-time measurement of spare capacity and have the ability to dynamically connect that capacity
with those who need it. These digital platforms handle transactions that offer access over ownership through renting, lending, subscribing,
reselling, swapping or donating. Consumers who use sharing economy business models are often more comfortable with transactions that involve
deeper social interactions than traditional methods of exchange. 

While we are retaining our Sharing Economy business,
our primary business has changed, with the acquisition of the Peak Equity business. 

Reverse Acquisition of Peak Equity 

On December 27, 2019, Sharing Economy International
Inc. entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement ), by and among the Company, Peak Equity International
Limited, a British Virgin Islands corporation Peak Equity ), and all of the holders of ordinary shares of Peak Equity, which
consisted of three shareholders. 

Under the terms and conditions of the Share Exchange
Agreement, the Company offered, sold and issued 7,200,000,000 shares of common stock in consideration for all the issued and
outstanding ordinary shares of Peak Equity. The effect of the issuance is that Peak Equity shareholders now hold approximately 99.7 of
the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. 

Our Articles of Incorporation authorize us to
issue 200,000,000 of common stock. The Company is still obligated to issue an additional 7,018,360,787 shares of common stock to the Peak
Equity shareholders, and plans to amend its Articles of Incorporation, as amended, to increase its number of authorized shares of common
stock for such purpose. Assuming the issuance of such additional 7,018,360,787 shares of common stock to the Peak Equity shareholders,
the Peak Equity shareholders will hold approximately 99.7 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. 

None of our officers or directors have resigned
in connection with the acquisition of the Peak Equity business. 

As a result of the share exchange Peak Equity is now a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company. 

1 

The transactions consummated with Peak Equity
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Share Exchange Agreement were treated as a reverse acquisition, with Peak Equity as the acquiror
and the Company as the acquired party. Unless the context suggests otherwise, when we refer in this Form 8-K to business and financial
information for periods prior to the consummation of the reverse acquisition, we are referring to the business and financial information
of Peak Equity. 

Organization Subsidiaries 

The following table sets
forth our relationship our subsidiaries whose financial statements are consolidated. 

Name of Entity 
 
 Relationship to Us 
 
 Nature of Business 
 
 Sharing Economy International Inc. 
 
 N.A. 
 
 Holding company 
 
 Vantage Ultimate Limited Vantage ), a British Virgin Island BVI company 
 
 100 owned by us 
 
 Holding company 
 
 EC Assets Management Limited, a BVI company 
 
 100 owned by Vantage 
 
 Operates real estate and property management business 
 
 EC Rental Limited EC Rental ), a BVI company 
 
 100 owned by Vantage 
 
 Holding company 
 
 EC Power (Global) Technology Limited EC Power ), a BVI company 
 
 100 owned by EC Rental 
 
 Holding company 
 
 ECPower (HK) Company Limited, a HK company 
 
 100 owned by EC Power 
 
 Operates rental stations offering power banks for mobile charging on-demand and other items 
 
 Sharing Economy Investment Limited Sharing Economy ), a BVI company 
 
 100 owned by Vantage 
 
 Holding company and provision of management services 
 
 Global Bike Share (Mobile App) Limited, a BVI company 
 
 100 owned by Sharing Economy 
 
 Operates global bike sharing mobile app business 
 
 EC Advertising Limited EC Advertising ), a HK company 
 
 100 owned by Sharing Economy 
 
 Operates online media and advertising business 
 
 Xiamen Great Media Company Limited, a WFOE in the PRC 
 
 100 owned by EC Advertising 
 
 Operates marketing and advertising business, the business has not yet commenced 
 
 G-Coin Global Limited 
 
 100 owned by EC Advertising 
 
 Investment holding 
 
 Cleantech Solutions Limited (formerly known as EC (Fly Car) Limited), a BVI company 
 
 100 owned by Sharing Economy 
 
 Operates business that builds parts for flying car manufacturers, the business has not yet commenced 
 
 EC Manpower Limited, a HK company 
 
 100 owned by Vantage 
 
 Provision of consulting and office support services to group companies 

EC Technology Innovations
 Limited 
 EC Technology ),
 a BVI company 
 
 100 owned by Vantage 
 
 Holding company and provision of management services 
 
 Inspirit Studio Limited, a HK company 
 
 51 owned by EC Technology 
 
 Develops and operates a sharing economy mobile platform for courier services 
 
 3D Discovery Co., Limited, a HK company 
 
 100 owned by EC Technology 
 
 Develops an interactive virtual tour of a physical space using a mobile phone camera 
 
 EC Creative Limited EC Creative ), a BVI company 
 
 100 owned by Vantage 
 
 Holding company and provision of management services 
 
 Sharing Film International Limited, a HK company 
 
 100 owned by EC Creative 
 
 Production of films 
 
 Peak Equity International Limited Peak Equity ), a BVI company 
 
 100 owned by Vantage 
 
 Holding company 
 
 Universal Sharing Limited, a BVI company 
 
 100 owned by Peak Equity 
 
 Sales and marketing in Hong Kong 
 
 ECrent Worldwide Company Limited, a HK company 
 
 100 owned by Peak Equity 
 
 Operation of online platform in Hong Kong 
 
 ECrent Capital Holdings Limited, a BVI company 
 
 100 owned by Peak Equity 
 
 Licensing service 

2 

Our website is www.seii.com.
Information on our website or any other website does not constitute a part of this annual report. 

We are not a Hong Kong operating company but a
Nevada holding company with operations conducted through our wholly owned subsidiaries based in Hong Kong and PRC. This structure presents
unique risks as our investors may never directly hold equity interests in our Hong Kong and PRC subsidiaries and will be dependent upon
contributions from our subsidiaries to finance our cash flow needs. Sharing Economy International Inc. and its Hong Kong and PRC subsidiaries
are not required to obtain permission from the Chinese authorities including the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or CSRC, or Cybersecurity
Administration Committee, or CAC, to operate or to issue securities to foreign investors. However, in light of the recent statements and
regulatory actions by the PRC government, such as those related to Hong Kong s national security, the promulgation of regulations
prohibiting foreign ownership of Chinese companies operating in certain industries, which are constantly evolving, and anti-monopoly concerns,
we (the parent company and our subsidiaries) may be subject to the risks of uncertainty of any future actions of the PRC government in
this regard including the risk that we inadvertently conclude that such approvals are not required, that applicable laws, regulations
or interpretations change such that we are required to obtain approvals in the future, or that the PRC government could disallow our holding
company structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations, including our ability to continue our existing holding
company structure, carry on our current business, accept foreign investments, and offer or continue to offer securities to our investors.
These adverse actions would likely cause the value of our common stock to significantly decline or become worthless. We may also be subject
to penalties and sanctions imposed by the PRC regulatory agencies, including the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission, if we fail
to comply with such rules and regulations, which would likely adversely affect the ability of the Company s securities to continue
to trade on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, which would likely cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become
worthless. For a detailed description of the risks facing the Company associated with our operations in Hong Kong, please refer to Risk
Factors Risk Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong and PRC . 

Overview of Peak Equity and its ECrent business 

Summary Financial Information 

The tables and information below are derived from
our audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

December31, 2022 
 December31, 2021 
 
 Financial Summary 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 32,459 
 66,273 
 
 Total Assets 
 2,983,594 
 4,566,744 
 
 Total Liabilities 
 17,782,536 
 17,087,672 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 (14,798,942 
 (12,520,928 

Description of Business 

We have developed and operated an online rental
classified platform named ECrent.com, which provides a marketplace for individuals and companies to view, list and search for rental products
and services. 

Our mission is to become the largest, most extensive
sharing economy network, allowing individuals and companies to view, list and search for rental products and services on the platform,
creating the conditions for collaborative consumption. Collaborative consumption is the trigger for more sustainable business and consumer
practices that will protect the planet s well-being as well as generate an entire class of new business opportunities based on the
sharing economy ecosystem. 

Our model is designed to bring sustainability, entrepreneurship and
sharing together. 

3 

We operate an online platform, www.ecrent.com, which connects owners
(businesses and individuals) and consumers in a robust growing community. The platform consists of a set of web portals and mobile applications
which facilitate the online search for a wide and expanding range of rental products and services. The ECrent platform is designed to
enable members of the rapidly growing global community to seek and rent items everywhere worldwide. The highly scalable ECrent platform
is designed to consolidate all sharing and rental information (supply side) from all geographies into one single source, across multiple
categories, and then rebroadcast available rental supply to the demand side. The ECremt platform is coded using advanced algorithms which
leverage the central database to provide greater convenience to users through an intelligent matching system. The intelligent matching
system incorporates specific product and/or service criteria, product/service pairings, geography and browsing behaviors. ECrent believes
these features form the basis for a more comprehensive and extensive user experience than is otherwise available from well-known, first
generation, single purpose sharing economy businesses such as Uber and Airbnb. 

After proof of concept by our ECrent Worldwide
in other markets, notably Asia and selected regions of Europe, we started operations in the United States in mid-spring 2016 after obtaining
a license to use our ECrent Worldwide s software and trademark. Among the most significant findings, we learned that companies across
all segments covet highly targeted and active markets, which historically were believed to generate a greater rate of investment. We believe
the demand side is and will be dominated by environmentally and socially conscious users, which will be considered a targeted and active
market that will make the platform more attractive and valuable. 

PwC s accompanying survey showed that 44 
of U.S. adults are familiar with the sharing economy; 18 of U.S. adults say they have participated in the sharing economy as a consumer;
and 7 say they have participated as a provider. Based on the PwC research, the global sharing and rental market would generate a potential
revenue opportunity worth a total of 670 billion by 2025. 

We believe ECrent is uniquely positioned to capitalize
on these trends, and the groundwork has laid in the course of the soft launch will help to achieve the goal to lead the sharing economy
development. While the traditional purchase-based consumer discretionary companies have mostly utilitarian relationships with their customers,
sharing economy participants are passionate about social responsibility, environmentalism and are committed to leading more sustainable
lives. This commitment, fortified by continued momentum, will allow us to build a more captive, engaged, true community of users. 

The ECrent extensive and scalable platform is
engineered to serve the business-to-business, business-to-consumer, and consumer-to-consumer market segments. By covering across these
multiple segments positions ECrent for balanced growth regardless of macro-economic conditions as we will not rely on a single market.
We envision the strategy will also provide us with ample opportunity to further lead the market by regularly introducing new features,
functions, categories, and pricing. 

We believe businesses will find the ECrent platform
highly appealing because it will allow them to monetize unused or little used assets as well as expand their business by opening up new
channels created by the sharing economy. In addition, we believe their affiliation with us will allow these companies to reinforce their
brand to consumers and investors. A study published by MIT Sloan Management Review and Boston Consulting Group in May 2016 (the MIT
BCG Study found that 60 of investment firm board members are willing to divest from companies with poor sustainability performance
and 75 feel increased operational efficiency often accompanies sustainability progress. By contrast, this same study revealed that only
60 of the 3,000 executives and managers surveyed have a sustainability strategy in place, while only 25 can present a clear sustainability
business case. We believe the ECrent platform will be a highly cost effective vehicle for closing this significant gap between companies
and the markets they serve as well as their investors on the basis that our fully branded microsite will provide a cost-effective vehicle
for them to develop and implement improved sustainability performance to meet the needs of sustainability conscious investors, notably
building awareness and focus on tangible and measureable sustainability (business) outcomes. 

4 

The ECrent revenue model is to charge only the
supply side; demand side registrants are not subject to any fee in the present model. Businesses or individuals can either pay to post
a single item or service just as they would for a classified ad or they can post an unlimited number of items as well as brand themselves
through an online rental store (microsite) on the ECrent platform. Microsites represent a recurring revenue model, offering a value proposition
beyond renting items to other businesses or individuals. The MIT/BCG Study included steps business leaders could take to meet the needs
of sustainability-conscious investors, notably building greater awareness and focus on tangible and measurable sustainability (business)
outcomes. We believe the ECrent platform will be an ideal cost-effective vehicle for meeting these objectives. 

The ECrent business is an emerging company in
an emerging field. Accordingly, the approach to the market seeks to exploit early market entry opportunities in the sharing economy with
a sense-and-respond strategy within our growing community. In the second fully operational phase we will employ both in-house sales professionals
and engage market channel partners to solicit business from supply side. We will also build a team of Community Relations specialists
who will cultivate tight relationships with users for by soliciting user feedback for ongoing improvements to the platform and expansion.
We believe aggressive marketing and strategic partnerships with various agencies, such as marketing firms and trade associations will
further propel our business once fully operational. 

Revenue and User Model 

ECrent revenue will be derived from online item
postings. We do not charge any fees based on transaction value nor do we plan to do so in the near future. Set forth below is the current
listing fee arrangements, which fees are to be paid prior to posting: 

1. A monthly fee of HK 50,000
for the advertisement posting (unlimited basis); and 

2. Online rental stores, or microsite
for 2,500 per year. 

The microsite is an enhanced online advertising
package that allows for unlimited number of postings for a defined period of time, and a personalized online web storefront, providing
customers with unique branding opportunities. We believe our microsites will represent a recurring revenue model as it will not be cost
effective for the users to terminate our services once they have expended efforts to design and promote their microsites and they have
received reoccurring traffic from their customers. 

Intellectual Property 

We develop and own all intellectual properties
and knowhow to develop and operate the whole ECrent.com platform, which is fully owned and control by the group. 

Employees 

As of March , 2023,
we had two employees and several consultants who are engaged with us either individually or as a business entity. 

Properties 

Our executive offices are located at No. 85 Castle
Peak Road, Castle Peak Bay, Tuen Mun, N.T., Hong Kong, China. Our telephone number is +852 3583-2186. 

We do not own any real estate or other physical properties. 

Government and Industry Regulations 

Governing Regulations 

Sharing Economy International Inc. is a Nevada
corporation with operating businesses located in Hong Kong. As such, the parent holding company, Sharing Economy International Inc. is
subject to the laws and regulations of the United States of America while our operating businesses are subject to the laws and regulations
of Hong Kong and PRC, as applicable, including labor, occupational safety and health, contracts, tort and intellectual property laws.
Furthermore, we need to comply with the rules and regulations of Hong Kong and PRC governing the data usage and regular terms of service
applicable to our potential customers or clients. As the information of our potential customers or clients are preserved in both Hong
Kong and PRC, we need to comply with the Hong Kong Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance. 

If PRC authorities reinterpret PRC laws to apply
to Hong Kong companies, we may become subject to the laws and regulations of China governing businesses in general, including labor, occupational
safety and health, contracts, tort and intellectual property. We may also become subject to foreign exchange regulations that might limit
our ability to convert foreign currency into Renminbi RMB ), acquire any other PRC companies, establish VIEs in the PRC,
or make dividend payments from any future WFOEs to us. 

5 

Environmental Regulations 

Environmental commitments
from the global communities will continue to help the development of sharing economy businesses in the coming years. 

Business Licenses 

We believe our sharing
economy businesses are properly licensed with the appropriate government entities. 

Employment Ordinance 

Hong Kong 

The Employment Ordinance is the main piece of
legislation governing conditions of employment in Hong Kong since 1968. It covers a comprehensive range of employment protection and benefits
for employees, including Wage Protection, Rest Days, Holidays with Pay, Paid Annual Leave, Sickness Allowance, Maternity Protection, Statutory
Paternity Leave, Severance Payment, Long Service Payment, Employment Protection, Termination of Employment Contract, Protection Against
Anti-Union Discrimination. In addition, every employer must take out employees compensation insurance to protect the claims made
by employees in respect of accidents occurred during the course of their employment. 

An employer must also comply with all legal obligations
under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance, (CAP485). These include enrolling all qualifying employees in MPF schemes and making
MPF contributions for them. Except for exempt persons, employer should enroll both full-time and part-time employees who are at least
18 but under 65 years of age in an MPF scheme within the first 60 days of employment. The 60-day employment rule does not apply to casual
employees in the construction and catering industries. Pursuant to the said Ordinance, we are required to make MPF contributions for our
Hong Kong employees once every contribution period (generally the wage period within 1 month). Employers and employees are each required
to make regular mandatory contributions of 5 of the employee s relevant income to an MPF scheme, subject to the minimum and maximum
relevant income levels. For a monthly-paid employee, the minimum and maximum relevant income levels are HK 7,100 and HK 30,000 respectively. 

China 

Depending upon the political climate, we may also
become subject to the laws and regulations of China governing businesses in general, including labor, occupational safety and health,
contracts, tort and intellectual property. We may also become subject to foreign exchange regulations might limit our ability to convert
foreign currency into Renminbi, acquire PRC companies, or make dividend payments to SEII. 

PRC Regulations on Tax 

Enterprise Income Tax 

The Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People s
Republic of China (the EIT Law was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress on March 16,
2007 and became effective on January 1, 2008, and was later amended on February 24, 2017. The Implementation Rules of the
EIT Law (the Implementation Rules were promulgated by the State Council on December 6, 2007 and became effective on
January 1, 2008. According to the EIT Law and the Implementation Rules, enterprises are divided into resident enterprises and non-resident
enterprises. Resident enterprises shall pay enterprise income tax on their incomes obtained in and outside the PRC at the rate of 25 .
Non-resident enterprises setting up institutions in the PRC shall pay enterprise income tax on the incomes obtained by such institutions
in and outside the PRC at the rate of 25 . Non-resident enterprises with no institutions in the PRC, and non-resident enterprises whose
incomes having no substantial connection with their institutions in the PRC, shall pay enterprise income tax on their incomes obtained
in the PRC at a reduced rate of 10 . 

The Arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income (the
 Arrangement was promulgated by the State Administration of Taxation SAT on August 21, 2006 and came
into effect on December 8, 2006. According to the Arrangement, a company incorporated in Hong Kong will be subject to withholding
tax at the lower rate of 5 on dividends it receives from a company incorporated in the PRC if it holds a 25 interest or more in the
PRC company. The Notice on the Understanding and Identification of the Beneficial Owners in the Tax Treaty (the Notice was promulgated by SAT and became effective on October 27, 2009. According to the Notice, a beneficial ownership analysis will be
used based on a substance-over-form principle to determine whether or not to grant tax treaty benefits. 

6 

In April 2009, the Ministry of Finance, or
MOF, and SAT jointly issued the Notice on Issues Concerning Process of Enterprise Income Tax in Enterprise Restructuring Business, or
Circular 59. In December 2009, SAT issued the Notice on Strengthening Administration of Enterprise Income Tax for Share Transfers
by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises, or Circular 698. Both Circular 59 and Circular 698 became effective retroactively as of
January 2008. In February 2011, SAT issued the Notice on Several Issues Regarding the Income Tax of Non-PRC Resident Enterprises,
or SAT Circular 24, effective April 2011. By promulgating and implementing these circulars, the PRC tax authorities have enhanced
their scrutiny over the direct or indirect transfer of equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise by a non-resident enterprise. 

Under Circular 698, where a non-resident enterprise
conducts an indirect transfer by transferring the equity interests of a PRC resident enterprise indirectly
by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company, the non-resident enterprise, being the transferor, may be subject
to PRC enterprise income tax, if the indirect transfer is considered to be an abusive use of company structure without reasonable commercial
purposes. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC tax at a rate of up to 10 . Circular 698 also provides
that, where a non-PRC resident enterprise transfers its equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise to its related parties at a price
lower than the fair market value, the relevant tax authority has the power to make a reasonable adjustment to the taxable income of the
transaction. 

In February 2015, the SAT issued Circular 7 to
replace the rules relating to indirect transfers in Circular 698. Circular 7 has introduced a new tax regime that is significantly different
from that under Circular 698. Circular 7 extends its tax jurisdiction to not only indirect transfers set forth under Circular 698 but
also transactions involving transfer of other taxable assets, through the offshore transfer of a foreign intermediate holding company.
In addition, Circular 7 provides clearer criteria than Circular 698 on how to assess reasonable commercial purposes and has introduced
safe harbors for internal group restructurings and the purchase and sale of equity through a public securities market. Circular 7 also
brings challenges to both the foreign transferor and transferee (or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer) of the taxable
assets. Where a non-resident enterprise conducts an indirect transfer by transferring the taxable assets indirectly by disposing
of the equity interests of an overseas holding company, the non-resident enterprise being the transferor, or the transferee, or the PRC
entity which directly owned the taxable assets may report to the relevant tax authority such indirect transfer. Using a substance
over form principle, the PRC tax authority may disregard the existence of the overseas holding company if it lacks a reasonable
commercial purpose and was established for the purpose of reducing, avoiding or deferring PRC tax. As a result, gains derived from such
indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax, and the transferee or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer
is obligated to withhold the applicable taxes, currently at a rate of 10 for the transfer of equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise. 

On October 17, 2017, the SAT issued a Notice
Concerning Withholding Income Tax of Non-Resident Enterprise, or SAT Notice No. 37, which abolishes Circular 698 and certain
provisions of Circular 7. SAT Notice No. 37 reduces the burden of the withholding obligator, such as revocation of contract filing
requirements and tax liquidation procedures, strengthens the cooperation of tax authorities in different places, and clarifies the calculation
of tax payable and mechanism of foreign exchange. 

Value-added Tax 

Pursuant to the Provisional Regulations on Value-added
Tax of the PRC, or the VAT Regulations, which were promulgated by the State Council on December 13, 1993, took effect on January 1, 1994,
and were amended on November 10, 2008, February 6, 2016, and November 19, 2017, respectively, and the Rules for the Implementation of
the Provisional Regulations on Value-added Tax of the PRC, which were promulgated by the MOF on December 25, 1993, and were amended on
December 15, 2008, and October 28, 2011, respectively, entities and individuals that sell goods or labor services of processing, repair
or replacement, sell services, intangible assets, or immovables, or import goods within the territory of the People s Republic of
China are taxpayers of value-added tax. The VAT rate is 17 for taxpayers selling goods, labor services, or tangible movable property
leasing services or importing goods, except otherwise specified; 11 for taxpayers selling services of transportation, postal, basic telecommunications,
construction and lease of immovable, selling immovable, transferring land use rights, selling and importing other specified goods including
fertilizers; 6 for taxpayers selling services or intangible assets. 

According to the Notice on the Adjustment to the
Value-added Tax Rates issued by the SAT and the MOF on April 4, 2018, where taxpayers make VAT taxable sales or import goods, the applicable
tax rates shall be adjusted from 17 to 16 and from 11 to 10 , respectively. Subsequently, the Notice on Policies for Deepening Reform
of Value-added Tax was issued by the SAT, the MOF and the General Administration of Customs on March 30, 2019 and took effective on April
1, 2019, which further adjusted the applicable tax rate for taxpayers making VAT taxable sales or importing goods. The applicable tax
rates shall be adjusted from 16 to 13 and from 10 to 9 , respectively. 

7 

Dividend Withholding Tax 

The Enterprise Income Tax Law provides that since
January 1, 2008, an income tax rate of 10 will normally be applicable to dividends declared to non-PRC resident investors that do
not have an establishment or place of business in the PRC, or that have such establishment or place of business but the relevant income
is not effectively connected with the establishment or place of business, to the extent such dividends are derived from sources within
the PRC. 

PRC Laws and Regulations on Employment and
Social Welfare 

Labor Law of the PRC 

Pursuant to the Labor Law of the PRC, which was
promulgated by the Standing Committee of the NPC on July 5, 1994 with an effective date of January 1, 1995 and was last amended
on August 27, 2009 and the Labor Contract Law of the PRC, which was promulgated on June 29, 2007, became effective on January 1,
2008 and was last amended on December 28, 2012, with the amendments coming into effect on July 1, 2013, enterprises and institutions
shall ensure the safety and hygiene of a workplace, strictly comply with applicable rules and standards on workplace safety and hygiene
in China, and educate employees on such rules and standards. Furthermore, employers and employees shall enter into written employment
contracts to establish their employment relationships. Employers are required to inform their employees about their job responsibilities,
working conditions, occupational hazards, remuneration and other matters with which the employees may be concerned. Employers shall pay
remuneration to employees on time and in full accordance with the commitments set forth in their employment contracts and with the relevant
PRC laws and regulations. Our Hong Kong subsidiary currently does not comply with PRC laws and regulations, but complies with Hong Kong
laws and regulations. 

Social Insurance and Housing Fund 

Pursuant to the Social Insurance Law of the
PRC, which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the NPC on October 28, 2010 and became effective on July 1, 2011, employers
in the PRC shall provide their employees with welfare schemes covering basic pension insurance, basic medical insurance, unemployment
insurance, maternity insurance, and occupational injury insurance. Our Hong Kong subsidiary has not deposited the social insurance fees
in full for all the employees in compliance with the relevant regulations. We may be ordered by the social security premium collection
agency to make or supplement contributions within a stipulated period, and shall be subject to a late payment fine computed from the due
date at the rate of 0.05 per day; where payment is not made within the stipulated period, the relevant administrative authorities shall
impose a fine ranging from one to three times the amount of the amount in arrears. Our Hong Kong subsidiary has not deposited the social
insurance fees as required by relevant regulations. 

In accordance with the Regulations on Management
of Housing Provident Fund, which were promulgated by the State Council on April 3, 1999 and last amended on March 24, 2002,
employers must register at the designated administrative centers and open bank accounts for depositing employees housing funds.
Employers and employees are also required to pay and deposit housing funds, with an amount no less than 5 of the monthly average salary
of the employee in the preceding year in full and on time. Our subsidiaries have not registered at the designated administrative centers
nor opened bank accounts for depositing employees housing funds. They also have not deposited employees housing funds. Our
subsidiaries may be ordered by the housing provident fund management center to complete the registration formalities, open bank accounts,
make the payment and deposit within a prescribed time limit if they become subject to PRC laws. Failing to register or open bank accounts
at the expiration of the time limit could result in fines of not less than RMB10,000 nor more than RMB50,000. And an application may be
made to a people s court for compulsory enforcement if payment and deposit has not been made after the expiration of the time limit. 

PRC Regulations Relating to Foreign Exchange

General Administration of Foreign Exchange 

The principal regulation governing foreign currency
exchange in the PRC is the Administrative Regulations of the PRC on Foreign Exchange (the Foreign Exchange Regulations ),
which were promulgated on January 29, 1996, became effective on April 1, 1996 and were last amended on August 5, 2008.
Under these rules, Renminbi is generally freely convertible for payments of current account items, such as trade- and service-related
foreign exchange transactions and dividend payments, but not freely convertible for capital account items, such as capital transfer, direct
investment, investment in securities, derivative products or loans unless prior approval by competent authorities for the administration
of foreign exchange is obtained. Under the Foreign Exchange Regulations, foreign-invested enterprises in the PRC may purchase foreign
exchange without the approval of SAFE to pay dividends by providing certain evidentiary documents, including board resolutions, tax certificates,
or for trade- and services-related foreign exchange transactions, by providing commercial documents evidencing such transactions. 

8 

Circular No. 37 and Circular No. 13 

Circular 37 was released by SAFE on July 4,
2014 and abolished Circular 75 which had been in effect since November 1, 2005. Pursuant to Circular 37, a PRC resident should apply
to SAFE for foreign exchange registration of overseas investments before it makes any capital contribution to a special purpose vehicle,
or SPV, using his or her legitimate domestic or offshore assets or interests. SPVs are offshore enterprises directly established or indirectly
controlled by domestic residents for the purpose of investment and financing by utilizing domestic or offshore assets or interests they
legally hold. Following any significant change in a registered offshore SPV, such as capital increase, reduction, equity transfer or swap,
consolidation or division involving domestic resident individuals, the domestic individuals shall amend the registration with SAFE. Where
an SPV intends to repatriate funds raised after completion of offshore financing to the PRC, it shall comply with relevant PRC regulations
on foreign investment and foreign debt management. A foreign-invested enterprise established through return investment shall complete
relevant foreign exchange registration formalities in accordance with the prevailing foreign exchange administration regulations on foreign
direct investment and truthfully disclose information on the actual controller of its shareholders. 

If any shareholder who is a PRC resident (as determined
by the Circular No. 37) holds any interest in an offshore SPV and fails to fulfil the required foreign exchange registration with the
local SAFE branches, the PRC subsidiaries of that offshore SPV may be prohibited from distributing their profits and dividends to their
offshore parent company or from carrying out other subsequent cross-border foreign exchange activities. The offshore SPV may also be restricted
in its ability to contribute additional capital to its PRC subsidiaries. Where a domestic resident fails to complete relevant foreign
exchange registration as required, fails to truthfully disclose information on the actual controller of the enterprise involved in the
return investment or otherwise makes false statements, the foreign exchange control authority may order them to take remedial actions,
issue a warning, and impose a fine of less than RMB 300,000 on an institution or less than RMB 50,000 on an individual. 

Circular 13 was issued by SAFE on February 13,
2015, and became effective on June 1, 2015. Pursuant to Circular 13, a domestic resident who makes a capital contribution to an SPV
using his or her legitimate domestic or offshore assets or interests is no longer required to apply to SAFE for foreign exchange registration
of his or her overseas investments. Instead, he or she shall register with a bank in the place where the assets or interests of the domestic
enterprise in which he or she has interests are located if the domestic resident individually seeks to make a capital contribution to
the SPV using his or her legitimate domestic assets or interests; or he or she shall register with a local bank at his or her permanent
residence if the domestic resident individually seeks to make a capital contribution to the SPV using his or her legitimate offshore assets
or interests. 

We cannot assure that our PRC beneficial shareholders
have completed registrations in accordance with Circular 37. 

Circular 19 and Circular 16 

Circular 19 was promulgated by SAFE on March 30,
2015, and became effective on June 1, 2015. According to Circular 19, the foreign exchange capital in the capital account of foreign-invested
enterprises, meaning the monetary contribution confirmed by the foreign exchange authorities or the monetary contribution registered for
account entry through banks, shall be granted the benefits of Discretional Foreign Exchange Settlement Discretional Foreign Exchange
Settlement ). With Discretional Foreign Exchange Settlement, foreign capital in the capital account of a foreign-invested enterprise
for which the rights and interests of monetary contribution have been confirmed by the local foreign exchange bureau, or for which book-entry
registration of monetary contribution has been completed by the bank, can be settled at the bank based on the actual operational needs
of the foreign-invested enterprise. The allowed Discretional Foreign Exchange Settlement percentage of the foreign capital of a foreign-invested
enterprise has been temporarily set to be 100 . The Renminbi converted from the foreign capital will be kept in a designated account and
if a foreign-invested enterprise needs to make any further payment from such account, it will still need to provide supporting documents
and to complete the review process with its bank. 

Furthermore, Circular 19 stipulates that foreign-invested
enterprises shall make bona fide use of their capital for their own needs within their business scopes. The capital of a foreign-invested
enterprise and the Renminbi it obtained from foreign exchange settlement shall not be used for the following purposes: 

directly or indirectly used
for expenses beyond its business scope or prohibited by relevant laws or regulations; 

directly or indirectly used
for investment in securities unless otherwise provided by relevant laws or regulations; 

directly or indirectly used
for entrusted loan in Renminbi (unless within its permitted scope of business), repayment of inter-company loans (including advances
by a third party) or repayment of bank loans in Renminbi that have been sub-lent to a third party; or 

directly or indirectly used
for expenses related to the purchase of real estate that is not for self-use (except for foreign-invested real estate enterprises). 

9 

Circular 16 was issued by SAFE on June 9,
2016. Pursuant to Circular 16, enterprises registered in the PRC may also convert their foreign debts from foreign currency to Renminbi
on a self-discretionary basis. Circular 16 provides an integrated standard for conversion of foreign exchange capital items (including
but not limited to foreign currency capital and foreign debts) on a self-discretionary basis applicable to all enterprises registered
in the PRC. Circular 16 reiterates the principle that an enterprise s Renminbi capital converted from foreign currency-denominated
capital may not be directly or indirectly used for purposes beyond its business scope or purposes prohibited by PRC laws or regulations,
and such converted Renminbi capital shall not be provided as loans to non-affiliated entities. 

Our PRC subsidiary s distributions to their offshore
parents are required to comply with the requirements as described above. 

PRC Share Option Rules 

Under the Administration Measures on Individual
Foreign Exchange Control issued by the PBOC on December 25, 2006, all foreign exchange matters involved in employee share ownership plans
and share option plans in which PRC citizens participate require approval from SAFE or its authorized branch. Pursuant to SAFE Circular
37, PRC residents who participate in share incentive plans in overseas non-publicly-listed companies may submit applications to SAFE or
its local branches for the foreign exchange registration with respect to offshore special purpose companies. In addition, under the Notices
on Issues concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating in Share Incentive Plans of Overseas Publicly-Listed
Companies, or the Share Option Rules, issued by SAFE on February 15, 2012, PRC residents who are granted shares or share options by companies
listed on overseas stock exchanges under share incentive plans are required to (i) register with SAFE or its local branches, (ii) retain
a qualified PRC agent, which may be a PRC subsidiary of the overseas listed company or another qualified institution selected by the PRC
subsidiary, to conduct the SAFE registration and other procedures with respect to the share incentive plans on behalf of the participants,
and (iii) retain an overseas institution to handle matters in connection with their exercise of share options, purchase and sale of shares
or interests and funds transfers. 

PRC Regulation of Dividend Distributions 

The principal laws, rules and regulations governing
dividend distributions by foreign-invested enterprises in the PRC are the Company Law of the PRC, as amended, the Wholly Foreign-owned
Enterprise Law and its implementation regulations, the Chinese-foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Law and its implementation regulations,
and the Chinese-foreign Equity Joint Venture Law and its implementation regulations. Under these laws, rules and regulations, foreign-invested
enterprises may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profit, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards
and regulations. Both PRC domestic companies and wholly-foreign owned PRC enterprises are required to set aside a general reserve of at
least 10 of their after-tax profit, until the cumulative amount of such reserve reaches 50 of their registered capital. A PRC company
is not permitted to distribute any profits until any losses from prior fiscal years have been offset. Profits retained from prior fiscal
years may be distributed together with distributable profits from the current fiscal year. 

REPORTS TO SECURITY HOLDERS 

Upon the effective date of this Registration Statement,
we will become subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and accordingly, will file
current and periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the Commission. Information
that the Company previously publicly disclosed was made through the OTC Disclosure and News Service and are available on the OTC Markets
Group s website at www.otcmarkets.com. With respect to disclosures filed or furnished to the Commission, you may obtain copies of
our prior and future reports from the Commission s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, or on the
SEC s website, at www.sec.gov. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.
We currently do not have an internet website, but will also make available free of charge electronic copies of our filings upon request. 

Near-Term Requirements For
Additional Capital 

We believe that we will require approximately
 2 million over the next 18-24 months to implement our business plan. For the immediate future, we intend to finance our business expansion
efforts through loans from existing shareholders or financial institutions. 

Available
Information 

Access to all of our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and
amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ), is provided, free of charge, on our website (www.luduson.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after
such reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 

Empire Stock Transfer Inc. located at 1859 Whitney
Mesa Dr., Henderson, Nevada 89014, telephone number (702) 818-5898, serves as our stock transfer agent. 

10 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our
common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information
included in this report, before making an investment decision, and you should only consider an investment in our common stock if you can
afford to sustain the loss of your entire investment. You should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the
other information included in this report before making an investment decision with regard to our securities. If any of the following
risks occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common
stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

For the year ended
December 31, 2022, we incurred losses of 4.2 million, we cannot assure you that our losses will not continue and we believe that these
matters raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for twelve months from the issuance date of this report. 

Our consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities
and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in our accompanying consolidated financial statements, we had a net loss
of 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Management believes that these matters, among others, raise substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern for twelve months from the issuance date of this report. Management cannot provide assurance
that we will ultimately achieve profitable operations or generate positive cash flow, or raise additional debt and/or equity capital.
Management believes that our capital resources are not currently adequate to continue operating and maintaining our business strategy
for twelve months from the date of this report. 

We may seek to raise
capital through additional debt and/or equity financings to fund our operations in the future. Although we have historically raised capital
from sales of equity and from bank loans, there is no assurance that we will be able to continue to do so. If we are unable to raise additional
capital or secure additional lending in the near future, management expects that we will need to curtail or cease operations. Our consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Our auditors have issued a going
concern audit opinion. 

Our independent auditors have indicated in their
report on our December 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. We incurred loss from continuing operations and revenues decreased significantly. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the issuance date of this report. We cannot provide assurance
that we will ultimately achieve profitable operations or continue to be cash flow positive, or raise additional debt and/or equity capital.
Management believes that our capital resources are not currently adequate to continue operating and maintaining our business strategy
for twelve months from the date of this report. 

We will require
additional funds to expand our operations. 

In view of both our decline
in revenues, our loss for 2022 and 2021, and in connection with any expansion projects for our business, we will incur significant capital
and operational expenses. We do not presently have any funding commitments other than our present credit arrangements which we do not
believe are sufficient to enable us to expand our business. If we are unable to generate cash flow from operations and obtain necessary
bank or other financing to pay for significant capital or operational expenses, we may be unable to finance our business, which may impair
our ability to operate profitably. Because of our stock price and the worldwide economic situation, we may not be able to raise any additional
funds that we require on favorable terms, if any. The failure to obtain necessary financing may impair our ability to expanse or business
and remain profitable. 

We rely on short
term financing to fund our operations. 

We have historically
financed our operations through short-term bank loans, which have been refinanced upon maturity. At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding
short-term bank loans of 5.3 million. We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain alternative financing in the event that our
lenders did not renew our short-term loans. Our failure to have the bank loans refinanced could materially impair our ability to operate
our business. 

You may suffer
significant dilution if we raise additional capital. 

If we need to raise additional
capital to expand or continue operations, it may be necessary for us to issue additional equity or convertible debt securities. If we
issue equity or convertible debt securities, our net tangible book value per share may decrease, and the percentage ownership of our current
stockholders would be diluted, and any equity securities we may issue may have rights, preferences or privileges senior or more advantageous
to our common stockholders. 

11 

Risk related to our
Sharing Economy Businesses 

Our Sharing Economy Businesses are in early-stage
development with a limited operating history and a relatively new business model, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business
and future prospects and may increase the risk of your investment. 

We started our business transition and operations
since June 2017. Our limited operating history and relatively new business model may make it difficult to evaluate our current business
and our future prospects. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by companies
in a rapidly changing market, including challenges in accurate financial planning and forecasting. We may not be able to successfully
address these risks and difficulties, which could materially harm our business and operating results and financial condition. You should
consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we may encounter as an early-stage company. 

Our operating results may fluctuate. 

Our operating results may fluctuate as a result
of a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. The following factors may affect our operating results: 

Our ability to compete effectively. 

Our ability to continue to
attract users to our platforms. 

The level of use of the Internet
to look for rental and services information. 

Our ability to attract companies
and individuals to pay in order to generate income from our platforms. 

Our focus on long term goals
and short term results. 

Our ability to keep the platforms operational at a reasonable cost and without service interruptions. 

The success of our geographical and product expansion. 

Our ability to attract, motivate and retain top-quality employees. 

Federal, state or local government regulation that could impede the availability of products and services for which our platforms rendered. 

Our ability to upgrade and develop new products and services. 

The costs and results of litigation that we may face. 

Our ability to manage rental advertisement quality and other activities that violate our terms of services. 

Our ability to successfully expand, integrate and manage our acquisitions. 

Geographical events such as war, threat of war, terrorist actions or natural disasters. 

Because our business is changing and evolving,
our current operating results may not be useful to you in predicting our future operating results. In addition, online sharing economy
markets have recently emerged, which may not provide you with relevant industry data for evaluating our business. 

For these reasons, comparing our operating results
on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on past results as an indication of future performance. Quarterly
and annual expenses as a percentage of net revenues may be significantly different from historical or projected rates. Our operating results
in future quarters may fall below expectations, which could cause our stock price to fall. 

If we do not continue to innovate and provide
products and services that are useful to users, we may not remain competitive, and our operating results could suffer. 

Our success depends on our ability to provide
products and services to users looking for a high quality rental and services experience. Our competitors are constantly developing innovations
in rental classified or transaction services to people. As a result, we must continue to invest significant resources in research and
development in order to enhance our products and services, and introduce new high-quality products and services that people will use.
If we are unable to predict user preferences or industry changes, or if we are unable to modify our products and services on a timely
basis, we may lose users. Our operating results would also suffer if our innovations are not responsive to the needs of our users and
advertisers, are not appropriately timed with market opportunity or are not effectively brought to market. As web and mobile application
technology continues to develop, our competitors may be able to offer matching and communication features that are, or that are perceived
to be, substantially similar or better than those generated by our platform and application services. This may force us to compete on
bases other than quality of products and services and to expend significant resources in order to remain competitive. 

12 

Our business depends on a successful change
in consumer behavior, and if such trend does not grow, our business and operating results would be harmed. 

The growth and adaptation of sharing economy is
a major factor for our platform to attract more users and advertisers. If the trend of sharing economy does not grow as predicted by the
market, this will affect our business and operating results. As a result, we may need to change our business model accordingly. 

If we are unable to retain or motivate key
personnel or hire qualified personnel, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our performance will largely be dependent on the
talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate
and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition in our industry for qualified employees is intense.
If we do not succeed in attracting excellent personnel or retaining or motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively. 

System failures could harm our business. 

Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption
from earthquakes, hurricanes, terrorist attacks, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial
of service attacks or other attempts to harm our system, and similar events. Some of our data centers are located in areas with high risk
of major earthquakes. Our data centers are also subject to break-ins, sabotage and international acts of vandalism, and to potential disruptions
if the operators of these facilities have financial difficulties. Some of our systems are not fully redundant. The occurrence of a natural
disaster, a decision to close a facility we are using without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems at our data centers could
result in lengthy interruptions in our service. Any damage to or failure of our systems could result in interruptions in our service.
Interruptions in our service could reduce our revenues and profits, and our brand could be damaged if people believe our system is unreliable. 

Acquisitions could result in operating difficulties,
dilution and other harmful consequences. 

We have evaluated, and expect to continue to evaluate,
a wide array of potential strategic transactions. From time to time, we may engage in discussions regarding potential acquisitions. Any
of these transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the process of integrating
an acquired company, business or technology may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and is risky. The areas where
we may face risks include: 

The need to implement or remediate
controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger public company at companies that prior to the acquisition lacked these controls,
procedures and policies. 

Diversion of management time
and focus from operating our business to acquisition integration challenges. 

Cultural challenges associated
with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization. 

Retaining employees from the
businesses we acquire. 

The need to integrate each
company s accounting, management information, human resource and other administrative systems to permit effective management. 

Also, the anticipated benefit of many of our acquisitions
may not materialize. Future acquisitions or dispositions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the
incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial
condition. Future acquisitions may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on favorable terms
or at all. 

13 

As a distributor
and host of Internet content, we will face potential liability and expense for legal claims based on the nature and content of the materials
that we distribute or create, or that are accessible via our website. 

As a distributor and
host of original content and user-generated content, we will face potential liability based on a variety of theories, including defamation,
libel, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement or other legal theories based on the nature, creation or distribution of this information,
and under various laws, including the Lanham Act, the Copyright Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act, Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, and the European Union E-Commerce Directive. We may also be exposed to similar
liability in connection with content that users post to our website through forums, blogs, comments, and other social media features.
In addition, it is possible that visitors to our websites could make claims against us for losses incurred in reliance upon information
provided via our websites. These claims, whether brought in the United States or abroad, could divert management time and attention away
from our business and result in significant costs to investigate and defend, regardless of the merit of these claims. If we become subject
to these or similar claims and are not successful in our defense, we may be forced to pay substantial damages. There is no guarantee that
we will avoid future liability and potential expenses for legal claims based on the content available on our website. Should the content
distributed through our website violate the rights of others or otherwise give rise to claims against us, we could be subject to substantial
liability, which could have a negative impact on our business and financial performance. 

Loss of trust in our
brand would harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our success depends
on attracting a large number of users to our website and retaining such users. In order to attract and retain users, we must remain a
valuable source of listings. Because of our reliance on user-generated content, we must continually manage and monitor our content and
detect incorrect or fraudulent information. If a significant amount of inaccurate or fraudulent information were not detected and removed
by us in a timely manner, or if a significant amount of information was deemed by users or the media to be inaccurate or fraudulent, our
brand, business and reputation could be harmed. Any damage to our reputation could harm our ability to attract and retain users, employees
and advertisers, which would adversely affect our business and financial performance. In addition, significant adverse news reports or
media, industry or consumer coverage of us would reflect poorly on our brands and could have an adverse effect on our business and financial
performance. 

We are subject to risks associated with
information disseminated through our services. 

Online services companies may be subject to claims
relating to information disseminated through their services, including claims alleging defamation, libel, breach of contract, invasion
of privacy, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement, among other things. The laws relating to the liability of online services
companies for information disseminated through their services are subject to frequent challenges both in the United States and foreign
jurisdictions. Any liabilities incurred as a result of these matters could require us to incur additional costs and harm our reputation
and our business. 

Our potential liability to third parties for the
user-provided content on our sites, particularly in jurisdictions outside the United States where laws governing Internet transactions
are unsettled, may increase. If we become liable for information provided by our users and carried on our service in any jurisdiction
in which we operate, we could be directly harmed and we may be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability,
including expending substantial resources or discontinuing certain service offerings, which could harm our business. 

Failure to deal effectively with fraudulent
activities on our platforms would increase our loss rate and harm our business, and could severely diminish merchant and consumer confidence
in and use of our services. 

We face risks with respect to fraudulent activities
on our platforms and periodically receive complaints from users who may not have received the rental items or services or payment for
the items or services. While we can, in some cases, suspend the accounts of users who fail to fulfill their payment or delivery obligations
to other users, we do not have the ability to require users to make payment or deliver rental items or services, or otherwise make users
whole. Although we plan to implement measures to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent activities, combat bad user experiences
and increase user satisfaction, including evaluating users on the basis of their transaction history and restricting or suspending their
activity, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective in combating fraudulent transactions or improving overall satisfaction
among users. Our failure to effectively deal with fraudulent activities on our platform could result in a reduction in the ability to
attract new users or retain current users, damage to our reputation, or a diminution in the value of our brand names. 

14 

Risks Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong and China 

We face the risk that changes in the policies
of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in Hong Kong and the profitability of
such business. 

We conduct our operations and generate our revenue
in Hong Kong. Accordingly, economic, political and legal developments in the PRC will significantly affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. The PRC economy is in transition from a planned economy to a market-oriented economy subject to plans
adopted by the government that set national economic development goals. Policies of the PRC government can have significant effects on
economic conditions in the PRC. While we believe that the PRC will continue to strengthen its economic and trading relationships with
foreign countries and that business development in the PRC will continue to follow market forces, we cannot assure you that this will
be the case. Our interests may be adversely affected by changes in policies by the PRC government, including: 

changes in laws, regulations or their interpretation; 

confiscatory taxation; 

restrictions on currency conversion, imports or sources of supplies, or ability to continue as a for-profit enterprise; 

expropriation or nationalization of private enterprises; and 

the allocation of resources. 

Substantial uncertainties and restrictions
with respect to the political and economic policies of the PRC government and PRC laws and regulations could have a significant impact
upon the business that we may be able to conduct in the PRC and accordingly on the results of our operations and financial condition. 

Our business operations may be adversely affected
by the current and future political environment in the PRC. The PRC government has exercised and continues to exercise substantial control
over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulation and state ownership. We expect the Hong Kong legal system to rapidly
evolve in the near future and may become closer aligned with legal system in China with the PRC government exerting more oversight and
control over companies operating in Hong Kong, offerings conducted overseas and or foreign investment in Hong Kong based issuers. The
interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules may not always be uniform and the enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules
may involve uncertainties for you and us. Our ability to operate in Hong Kong, conduct overseas offerings and continue to investment in
Hong Kong based issuers may be harmed by these changes in its laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, import and export
tariffs, healthcare regulations, environmental regulations, land use and property ownership rights, and other matters. Accordingly, government
actions in the future, including any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally planned
economy or regional or local variations in the implementation of economic policies, could have a significant effect on economic conditions
in Hong Kong or particular regions thereof, and could limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities
to investors or require us to divest ourselves of any interest we then hold in Hong Kong properties or joint ventures. Any such actions
(including divesture or similar actions) could result in a material adverse effect on us and on your investment in us and could render
our securities and your investment in our securities worthless. 

There are substantial uncertainties regarding
the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations governing our
business, or the enforcement and performance of our contractual arrangements with borrowers in the event of the imposition of statutory
liens, death, bankruptcy or criminal proceedings. Only after 1979 did the Chinese government begin to promulgate a comprehensive system
of laws that regulate economic affairs in general, deal with economic matters such as foreign investment, corporate organization and governance,
commerce, taxation and trade, as well as encourage foreign investment in China. Although the influence of the law has been increasing,
China has not developed a fully integrated legal system and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects
of economic activities in China. Also, because these laws and regulations are relatively new, and because of the limited volume of published
cases and their lack of force as precedents, interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve significant uncertainties.
New laws and regulations that affect existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively. In addition, there have
been constant changes and amendments of laws and regulations over the past 30 years in order to keep up with the rapidly changing society
and economy in China. Because government agencies and courts that provide interpretations of laws and regulations and decide contractual
disputes and issues may change their interpretation or enforcement very rapidly with little advance notice at any time, we cannot predict
the future direction of Chinese legislative activities with respect to either businesses with foreign investment or the effectiveness
on enforcement of laws and regulations in China. The uncertainties, including new laws and regulations and changes of existing laws, as
well as, may cause possible problems to foreign investors. 

15 

Although the PRC government has been pursuing
economic reform policies for more than two decades, the PRC government continues to exercise significant control over economic growth
in the PRC through the allocation of resources, controlling payments of foreign currency, setting monetary policy and imposing policies
that impact particular industries in different ways. We cannot assure you that the PRC government will continue to pursue policies favoring
a market oriented economy or that existing policies will not be significantly altered, especially in the event of a change in leadership,
social or political disruption, or other circumstances affecting political, economic and social life in the PRC. 

The Chinese government exerts substantial
influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities . We are currently not required to obtain approval
from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges. However, to the extent that the Chinese government exerts more control over offerings
conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers over time and if our PRC subsidiaries or the holding company were
required to obtain approval in the future and were denied permission from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges, we will not be
able to continue listing on U.S. exchange and the value of our common stock may significantly decline or become worthless, which would
materially affect the interest of the investors. 

The Chinese government has exercised and continues
to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulation and state ownership. Our ability
to operate in Hong Kong may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, environmental regulations,
land use rights, property and other matters. The central or local governments of these jurisdictions may impose new, stricter regulations
or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance
with such regulations or interpretations. Accordingly, government actions in the future, including any decision not to continue to support
recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional or local variations in the implementation of economic
policies, could have a significant effect on economic conditions in China or particular regions thereof, and could require us to divest
ourselves of any interest we then hold in Chinese properties. 

For example, the Chinese cybersecurity regulator
announced on July 2 that it had begun an investigation of Didi Global Inc. (NYSE: DIDI) and two days later ordered that the company s
app be removed from smartphone app stores. 

As such, the Company s business segments
may be subject to various government and regulatory interference in the provinces in which they operate. The Company could be subject
to regulation by various political and regulatory entities, including various local and municipal agencies and government sub-divisions.
The Company may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure
to comply. The Company s operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by existing or future laws and regulations
relating to its business or industry. Given that the Chinese government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, it could
result in a material change in our operation and the value of our common stock. Given recent statements by the Chinese government indicating
an intent to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas, any such action could significantly limit or
completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly
decline or be worthless. 

Furthermore, it is uncertain when and whether
the Company will be required to obtain permission from the PRC government to list on U.S. exchanges in the future, and even when such
permission is obtained, whether it will be denied or rescinded. Although the Company is currently not required to obtain permission from
any of the PRC federal or local government to obtain such permission and has not received any denial to list on the U.S. exchange, our
operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by existing or future laws and regulations relating to its business or
industry. As a result, our common stock may decline in value dramatically or even become worthless should we become subject to new requirement
to obtain permission from the PRC government to list on U.S. exchange in the future. 

16 

Recently, the General Office of the Central Committee
of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severe and Lawful Crackdown
on Illegal Securities Activities, which were available to the public on July 6, 2021. These opinions emphasized the need to strengthen
the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies. These opinions
proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems, to deal with the risks and incidents
facing China-based overseas-listed companies and the demand for cybersecurity and data privacy protection. Moreover, the State Internet
Information Office issued the Measures of Cybersecurity Review (Revised Draft for Comments, not yet effective) on July 10, 2021,
which require operators with personal information of more than 1 million users who want to list abroad to file a cybersecurity review
with the Office of Cybersecurity Review. The aforementioned policies and any related implementation rules to be enacted may subject us
to additional compliance requirement in the future. While we believe that our operations are not affected by this, as these opinions were
recently issued, official guidance and interpretation of the opinions remain unclear in several respects at this time. Therefore, we cannot
assure you that we will remain fully compliant with all new regulatory requirements of these opinions or any future implementation rules
on a timely basis, or at all. 

The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act requires the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) to be permitted to inspect the issuer s public accounting firm within
three years. This three year period will be shortened to two years if the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act is enacted.
 There are uncertainties under the PRC Securities Law relating to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S.
securities regulatory agencies to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. If the U.S. securities
regulatory agencies are unable to conduct such investigations, they may suspend or de-register our registration with the SEC and delist
our securities from applicable trading market within the US. 

The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act
was signed into law on December 18, 2020, and requires Auditors of publicly traded companies to submit to regular inspections every three
years to assess such auditors compliance with applicable professional standards. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act which, if passed by the U.S. House of Representatives and signed into law, would reduce the
number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCA Act from three years to two. On September
22, 2021, the PCAOB adopted rules to create a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as contemplated under the HFCA Act, whether
it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because of a position
taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. On December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted amendments to finalize rules implementing
the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCA Act. The rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an
annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the
PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction. On December
16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report on its determinations that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered public
accounting firms headquartered in China and in Hong Kong because of positions taken by PRC and Hong Kong authorities in those jurisdictions.
The PCAOB has made such designations as mandated under the HFCA Act. Pursuant to each annual determination by the PCAOB, the SEC will,
on an annual basis, identify issuers that have used non-inspected audit firms and thus are at risk of such suspensions in the future. 

Our auditor is based in United States of America
and is subject to PCAOB inspection. It is not subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. Furthermore,
due to the recent developments in connection with the implementation of the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, we cannot assure
you whether the SEC or other regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent criteria to us after considering the effectiveness
of our auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources,
geographic reach or experience as it relates to the audit of our financial statements. The requirement in the HFCA Act that the PCAOB
be permitted to inspect the issuer s public accounting firm within two or three years, may result in the delisting of our securities
from applicable trading markets in the U.S, in the future if the PCAOB is unable to inspect our accounting firm at such future time. 

According to Article 177 of the Securities Law
of the PRC Article 177 ), overseas securities regulatory authorities are prohibited from engaging in activities pertaining
to investigations or evidence collection directly conducted within the territories of the PRC, and Chinese entities or individuals are
further prohibited from providing documents and information in connection with securities business activities to any organizations and/or
persons abroad without the prior consent of the securities regulatory authority of the State Council and the competent departments of
the State Council. As of the date of this prospectus, we are not aware of any implementing rules or regulations which have been published
regarding application of Article 177. 

17 

We believe Article 177 is only applicable where
the activities of overseas authorities constitute a direct investigation or evidence collection by such authorities within the territory
of the PRC. In the event that the U.S. securities regulatory agencies carry out an investigation on us such as an enforcement action by
the Department of Justice, the SEC or other authorities, such agencies activities will constitute conducting an investigation or
collecting evidence directly within the territory of the PRC and accordingly fall within the scope of Article 177. In that case, the U.S.
securities regulatory agencies may have to consider establishing cross-border cooperation with the securities regulatory authority of
the PRC by way of judicial assistance, diplomatic channels or establishing a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory
authority of the PRC. However, there is no assurance that the U.S. securities regulatory agencies will succeed in establishing such cross-border
cooperation in this particular case and/or establish such cooperation in a timely manner. 

Furthermore, as Article 177 is a recently promulgated
provision, it remains unclear as to how it will be interpreted, implemented or applied by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission
or other relevant government authorities. As such, there are uncertainties as to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities
regulatory agencies to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act requires the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) be permitted to inspect the issuer s public accounting firm within
three years. This three year period will be shortened to two years if the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act is enacted.
If the U.S. securities regulatory agencies are unable to conduct such investigations, there exists a risk that they may determine to suspend
or de-register our registration with the SEC and may also delist our securities from applicable trading market within the US. 

Adverse regulatory developments in China
may subject us to additional regulatory review, and additional disclosure requirements and regulatory scrutiny to be adopted by the SEC
in response to risks related to recent regulatory developments in China may impose additional compliance requirements for companies like
us with significant China-based operations, all of which could increase our compliance costs, subject us to additional disclosure requirements. 

The recent regulatory developments in China, in
particular with respect to restrictions on China-based companies raising capital offshore, may lead to additional regulatory review in
China over our financing and capital raising activities in the United States. In addition, we may be subject to industry-wide regulations
that may be adopted by the relevant PRC authorities, which may have the effect of limiting our service offerings, restricting the scope
of our operations in China, or causing the suspension or termination of our business operations in China entirely, all of which will materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may have to adjust, modify, or completely change
our business operations in response to adverse regulatory changes or policy developments, and we cannot assure you that any remedial action
adopted by us can be completed in a timely, cost-efficient, or liability-free manner or at all. 

On July 30, 2021, in response to the recent
regulatory developments in China and actions adopted by the PRC government, the Chairman of the SEC issued a statement asking the SEC
staff to seek additional disclosures from offshore issuers associated with China-based operating companies before their registration statements
will be declared effective, including detailed disclosure related to whether the issuer received or were denied permission from Chinese
authorities to list on U.S. exchanges and the risks that such approval could be denied or rescinded. On August 1, 2021, the China Securities
Regulatory Commission stated in a statement that it had taken note of the new disclosure requirements announced by the SEC regarding the
listings of Chinese companies and the recent regulatory development in China, and that both countries should strengthen communications
on regulating China-related issuers. We cannot guarantee that we will not be subject to tightened regulatory review and we could be exposed
to government interference in China. 

We may be exposed to liabilities under the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and any determination that we violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could have a material adverse
effect on our business. 

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practice
Act, or FCPA, and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political
parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We will have operations,
agreements with third parties and make sales in Hong Kong, which may experience corruption. Our proposed activities may create the risk
of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of the employees, consultants, or sales agents of our Company, because these parties
are not always subject to our control. It will be our policy to implement safeguards to discourage these practices by our employees. Also,
our existing practices and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective, and the employees, consultants, or sales agents
of our Company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA may result in severe criminal or civil
sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
In addition, the government may seek to hold our Company liable for successor liability FCPA violations committed by companies in which
we invest or that we acquire. 

18 

PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment
in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds
we receive from offshore financing activities to make loans to or make additional capital contributions to our Hong Kong subsidiaries,
which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand business. 

Any transfer of funds by us to our Hong Kong or
PRC subsidiaries, either as a shareholder loan or as an increase in registered capital, may become subject to approval by or registration
or filing with relevant governmental authorities in China. According to the relevant PRC regulations on foreign-invested enterprises in
China, capital contributions to PRC subsidiaries are subject to the approval of or filing with the Ministry of Commerce in its local branches
and registration with a local bank authorized by SAFE. It is unclear if Hong Kong subsidiaries will be deemed a PRC subsidiary. If Hong
Kong subsidiaries are deemed to be PRC subsidiaries, (i) any foreign loan procured by our Hong Kong subsidiaries will be required
to be registered with SAFE or its local branches or filed with SAFE in its information system; and (ii) our Hong Kong subsidiaries
will not be able to procure loans which exceed the difference between their total investment amount and registered capital or, as an alternative,
only procure loans subject to the calculation approach and limitation as provided in the People s Bank of China Notice No. 9 PBOC
Notice No. 9 ). We may not be able to obtain these government approvals or complete such registrations on a timely basis, if
at all, with respect to future capital contributions or foreign loans by us to our Hong Kong subsidiaries, if required. If we fail to
receive such approvals or complete such registration or filing, our ability to use the proceeds we receive from our offshore financing
activities and to capitalize our Hong Kong operations may be negatively affected, which could adversely affect our liquidity and ability
to fund and expand our business. There is, in effect, no statutory limit on the amount of capital contribution that we can make to our
Hong Kong subsidiaries. This is because there is no statutory limit on the amount of registered capital for our Hong Kong subsidiaries,
and we are allowed to make capital contributions to our Hong Kong subsidiaries by subscribing for their initial registered capital and
increased registered capital, provided that the Hong Kong subsidiaries complete the relevant filing and registration procedures. 

The Circular on Reforming the Administration of
Foreign Exchange Settlement of Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises, or SAFE Circular 19, effective as of June 1, 2015, as amended
by Circular of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming and Regulating Policies on the Control over Foreign Exchange
Settlement under the Capital Account, or SAFE Circular 16, effective on June 9, 2016, allows FIEs to settle their foreign exchange
capital at their discretion, but continues to prohibit FIEs from using the Renminbi fund converted from their foreign exchange capitals
for expenditure beyond their business scopes, and also prohibit FIEs from using such Renminbi fund to provide loans to persons other than
affiliates unless otherwise permitted under its business scope. If Safe Circulars 16 and 19 are interpreted to apply to the Hong Kong
Dollar, our ability to use Hong Kong Dollars converted from the net proceeds from our offshore financing activities to fund the establishment
of new entities in Hong Kong, to invest in or acquire any other Hong Kong or PRC companies may be limited, which may adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Because our holding company structure creates
restrictions on the payment of dividends, our ability to pay dividends is limited. 

We are a holding company whose primary assets
are our ownership of the equity interests in our subsidiaries. We conduct no other business and, as a result, we depend entirely upon
our subsidiaries earnings and cash flow. If we decide in the future to pay dividends, as a holding company, our ability to pay
dividends and meet other obligations depends upon the receipt of dividends or other payments from our operating subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries 
and projects may be restricted in their ability to pay dividends, make distributions or otherwise transfer funds to us prior to the satisfaction
of other obligations, including the payment of operating expenses or debt service, appropriation to reserves prescribed by laws and regulations,
covering losses in previous years, restrictions on the conversion of local currency into U.S. dollars or other hard currency, completion
of relevant procedures with governmental authorities or banks and other regulatory restrictions. Under the applicable PRC laws and regulations,
foreign-invested enterprises in China may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC
accounting standards and regulations. In addition, a foreign-invested enterprise in China is required to set aside a portion of its after-tax
profit to fund specific reserve funds prior to payment of dividends. In particular, at least 10 of its after-tax profits based on PRC
accounting standards each year is required to be set aside towards its general reserves until the accumulative amount of such reserves
reach 50 of its registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. If future dividends are paid in RMB, fluctuations
in the exchange rate for the conversion of any of these currencies into U.S. dollars may adversely affect the amount received by U.S.
stockholders upon conversion of the dividend payment into U.S. dollars. For a detailed description of the potential government regulations
facing the Company associated with our operations in Hong Kong, please refer to Government and Industry Regulations .
We do not presently have any intention to declare or pay dividends in the future. You should not purchase shares of our common stock in
anticipation of receiving dividends in future periods. 

19 

If any dividend is declared in the future
and paid in a foreign currency, you may be taxed on a larger amount in U.S. dollars than the U.S. dollar amount that you will actually
ultimately receive. 

If you are a U.S. holder of our shares of common
stock, you will be taxed on the U.S. dollar value of your dividends, if any, at the time you receive them, even if you actually receive
a smaller amount of U.S. dollars when the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Specifically, if a dividend is declared and
paid in a foreign currency such as the RMB, the amount of the dividend distribution that you must include in your income as a U.S. holder
will be the U.S. dollar value of the payments made in the foreign currency, determined at the spot rate of the foreign currency to the
U.S. dollar on the date the dividend distribution is includible in your income, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted
into U.S. dollars. Thus, if the value of the foreign currency decreases before you actually convert the currency into U.S. dollars, you
will be taxed on a larger amount in U.S. dollars than the U.S. dollar amount that you will actually ultimately receive. 

Dividends payable to our foreign investors
and gains on the sale of our shares of common stock by our foreign investors may become subject to tax by the PRC. 

Under the Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation
regulations issued by the State Council of the PRC, unless otherwise provided under relevant tax treaties, a 10 PRC withholding tax is
applicable to dividends payable to investors that are non-resident enterprises, which do not have an establishment or place of business
in the PRC or which have such establishment or place of business but the dividends are not effectively connected with such establishment
or place of business, to the extent such dividends are derived from sources within the PRC. Similarly, any gain realized on the transfer
of shares by such investors is also subject to PRC tax at a current rate of 10 , subject to any reduction or exemption set forth in relevant
tax treaties, if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. If we are deemed a PRC resident enterprise, dividends
paid on our shares, and any gain realized from the transfer of our shares, would be treated as income derived from sources within the
PRC and would as a result be subject to PRC taxation. Furthermore, if we are deemed a PRC resident enterprise, dividends payable to individual
investors who are non-PRC residents and any gain realized on the transfer shares by such investors may be subject to PRC tax at a current
rate of 20 , subject to any reduction or exemption set forth in applicable tax treaties. It is unclear whether we or any of our subsidiaries
established outside of China are considered a PRC resident enterprise or whether holders of shares would be able to claim the benefit
of income tax treaties or agreements entered into between China and other countries or areas. If dividends payable to our non-PRC investors,
or gains from the transfer of our shares by such investors are subject to PRC tax, the value of your investment in our shares may decline
significantly. For a detailed description of the potential government regulations facing the Company associated with our operations in
Hong Kong, please refer to Government and Industry Regulations . 

Our global income may be subject to PRC
taxes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, or the
New EIT Law, and its amendment and implementation rules, which became effective in January 2008, an enterprise established outside of
the PRC with a de facto management body located within the PRC is considered a PRC resident enterprise and will be subject
to the enterprise income tax at the rate of 25 on its global income. The implementation rules define the term de facto management
bodies as establishments that carry out substantial and overall management and control over the manufacturing and business
operations, personnel and human resources, finance and treasury, and business combination and disposition of properties and other assets
of an enterprise. On April 22, 2009, the State Administration of Taxation (the SAT ), issued a circular, or SAT Circular
82, which provides certain specific criteria for determining whether the de facto management body of a PRC-controlled enterprise
that is incorporated offshore is located in China. Although the SAT Circular 82 only applies to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC
enterprises or PRC enterprise groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners, the determining criteria set forth in the
SAT Circular 82 may reflect the SAT s general position on how the de facto management body text should be applied
in determining the resident status of all offshore enterprises for the purpose of PRC tax, regardless of whether they are controlled by
PRC enterprises or individuals. Although we do not believe that our legal entities organized outside of the PRC constitute PRC resident
enterprises, it is possible that the PRC tax authorities could reach a different conclusion. In such case, we may be considered a PRC
resident enterprise and may therefore be subject to the 25 enterprise income tax on our global income, which could significantly increase
our tax burden and materially and adversely affect our cash flow and profitability. In addition to the uncertainty regarding how the new
PRC resident enterprise classification for tax purposes may apply, it is also possible that the rules may change in the future, possibly
with retroactive effect. For a detailed description of the potential government regulations facing the Company associated with our operations
in Hong Kong, please refer to Government and Industry Regulations . 

20 

We and our shareholders face uncertainties
with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies. 

On February 3, 2015, the State Administration
of Taxation issued an Announcement on Several Issues Concerning Enterprise Income Tax on Income Arising from Indirect Transfers of Property
by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises, or Announcement 7, with the same effective date. Under Announcement 7, an indirect transfer 
refers to a transaction where a non-resident enterprise transfers its equity interest and other similar interest in an offshore holding
company, which directly or indirectly holds Chinese taxable assets (the assets of an establishment or place situated in
China; real property situated in China and equity interest in Chinese resident enterprises) and any indirect transfer without reasonable
commercial purposes are subject to the PRC taxation. In addition, Announcement 7 specifies the conditions under which an indirect transfer
is deemed to lack a reasonable commercial purpose which include: (1) 75 or more of the value of the offshore holding company s
equity is derived from Chinese taxable assets, (2) anytime in the year prior to the occurrence of the indirect transfer of Chinese taxable
assets, 90 or more of the total assets (excluding cash) of the offshore holding company are direct or indirect investments in China,
or 90 or more of the revenue of the offshore holding company was sourced from China; (3) the functions performed and risks assumed by
the offshore holding company(ies), although incorporated in an offshore jurisdiction to conform to the corporate law requirements there,
are insufficient to substantiate their corporate existence and (4) the foreign income tax payable in respect of the indirect transfer
is lower than the Chinese tax which would otherwise be payable in respect of the direct transfer if such transfer were treated as a direct
transfer. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax, currently at a tax rate
of 10 . 

Announcement 7 grants a safe harbor under certain
qualifying circumstances, including transfers in the public securities market and certain intragroup restricting transactions, however,
there is uncertainty as to the implementation of Announcement 7. For example, Announcement 7 requires the buyer to withhold the applicable
taxes without specifying how to obtain the information necessary to calculate taxes and when the applicable tax shall be submitted. Announcement
7 may be determined by the tax authorities to be applicable to our offshore restructuring transactions or sale of the shares of our offshore
subsidiaries where non-resident enterprises, being the transferors, were involved. Though Announcement 7 does not impose a mandatory obligation
of filing the report of taxable events, the transferring party shall be subject to PRC withholding tax if the certain tax filing conditions
are met. Non-filing may result in an administrative penalty varying from 50 to 300 of unpaid taxes. As a result, we and our non-resident
enterprises in such transactions may become at risk of being subject to taxation under Announcement 7, and may be required to expend valuable
resources to comply with Announcement 7 or to establish that we and our non-resident enterprises should not be taxed under Announcement
7, for any restructuring or disposal of shares of our offshore subsidiaries, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. 

PRC laws and regulations have established
more complex procedures for certain acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign investors, which could make it more difficult for us
to pursue growth through acquisitions in China. 

Further to the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions
of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the New M A Rules, the Anti-monopoly Law of the PRC, the Rules of Ministry of Commerce
on Implementation of Security Review System of Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors promulgated by MOFCOM
or the MOFCOM Security Review Rules, was issued in August 2011, which established additional procedures and requirements that are expected
to make merger and acquisition activities in China by foreign investors more time-consuming and complex, including requirements in some
instances that MOFCOM be notified in advance of any change of control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC enterprise,
or that the approval from MOFCOM be obtained in circumstances where overseas companies established or controlled by PRC enterprises or
residents acquire affiliated domestic companies. PRC laws and regulations also require certain merger and acquisition transactions to
be subject to merger control review and or security review. 

21 

The MOFCOM Security Review Rules, effective from
September 1, 2011, which implement the Notice of the General Office of the State Council on Establishing the Security Review System for
Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors promulgated on February 3, 2011, further provide that, when deciding
whether a specific merger or acquisition of a domestic enterprise by foreign investors is subject to the security review by MOFCOM, the
principle of substance over form should be applied and foreign investors are prohibited from bypassing the security review requirement
by structuring transactions through proxies, trusts, indirect investments, leases, loans, control through agreements control or offshore
transactions. 

Further, if the business of any target company
that the combined company seeks to acquire falls into the scope of security review, the combined company may not be able to successfully
acquire such company either by equity or asset acquisition, capital contribution or through any contractual agreements. The combined company
may grow its business in part by acquiring other companies operating in its industry. Complying with the requirements of the relevant
regulations to complete such transactions could be time consuming, and any required approval processes, including approval from MOFCOM,
may delay or inhibit its ability to complete such transactions, which could affect our ability to maintain or expand our market share. 

In addition, SAFE promulgated the Circular on
the Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-invested Enterprises, or Circular 19, on June 1, 2015. Under Circular 19, registered
capital of a foreign-invested company settled in RMB converted from foreign currencies may only be used within the business scope approved
by the applicable governmental authority and the equity investments in the PRC made by the foreign-invested company shall be subject to
the relevant laws and regulations about the foreign-invested company s reinvestment in the PRC. In addition, foreign-invested companies
cannot use such capital to make the investments in securities, and cannot use such capital to issue the entrusted RMB loans (except approved
in its business scope), repay the RMB loans between the enterprises and the ones which have been transferred to the third party. Circular
19 may significantly limit our ability to effectively use the proceeds from future financing activities as the Chinese subsidiaries may
not convert the funds received from us in foreign currencies into RMB, which may adversely affect their liquidity and our ability to fund
and expand our business in the PRC. 

SAFE issued the Circular on Reforming and Regulating
Policies on the Control over Foreign Exchange Settlement of Capital Accounts Circular 16 ), on June 9, 2016, which became
effective simultaneously. Pursuant to Circular 16, enterprises registered in the PRC may also convert their foreign debts from foreign
currency to RMB on a self-discretionary basis. Circular 16 provides an integrated standard for conversion of foreign exchange under capital
account items (including but not limited to foreign currency capital and foreign debts) on a self-discretionary basis which applies to
all enterprises registered in the PRC. Circular 16 reiterates the principle that RMB converted from foreign currency-denominated capital
of a company may not be directly or indirectly used for purpose beyond its business scope or prohibited by PRC Laws or regulations, while
such converted RMB shall not be utilized as loans to its non-affiliated entities. As Circular 16 is newly issued and SAFE has not provided
detailed guidelines with respect to its interpretation or implementation, it is uncertain how these rules will be interpreted and implemented. 

Failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding
the registration requirements for employee stock ownership plans or share option plans may subject the PRC plan participants or us to
fines and other legal or administrative sanctions. 

Pursuant to SAFE Circular 37, PRC residents who
participate in share incentive plans in overseas non-publicly-listed companies may submit applications to SAFE or its local branches for
the foreign exchange registration with respect to offshore special purpose companies. In the meantime, our directors, executive officers
and other employees who are PRC citizens or who are non-PRC residents residing in the PRC for a continuous period of not less than one
year, subject to limited exceptions, and who have been granted incentive share awards by us, may follow the Notices on Issues Concerning
the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating in Stock Incentive Plan of Overseas Publicly-Listed Company,
or 2012 SAFE notices, promulgated by the SAFE in 2012. Pursuant to the 2012 SAFE notices, PRC citizens and non-PRC citizens who reside
in China for a continuous period of not less than one year who participate in any stock incentive plan of an overseas publicly listed
company, subject to a few exceptions, are required to register with SAFE through a domestic qualified agent, which could be the PRC subsidiaries
of such overseas listed company, and complete certain other procedures. In addition, an overseas entrusted institution must be retained
to handle matters in connection with the exercise or sale of stock options and the purchase or sale of shares and interests. Our executive
officers and other employees who are PRC citizens or who reside in the PRC for a continuous period of not less than one year and who have
been granted options will be subject to these regulations. It is unclear if these regulations will be expanded to include Hong Kong residents
or citizens. Failure to complete the SAFE registrations may subject them to fines, and legal sanctions and may also limit our ability
to contribute additional capital into our Hong Kong subsidiaries and limit our Hong Kong subsidiaries ability to distribute dividends
to us if Hong Kong residents or citizens are covered under these PRC regulations. We also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict
our ability to adopt additional incentive plans for our directors, executive officers and employees under PRC law. 

22 

The SAT has issued certain circulars concerning
employee share options and restricted shares. Under these circulars, employees working in China who exercise share options or are granted
restricted shares will be subject to PRC individual income tax. It is unclear whether these regulations will be expanded in the future
to cover our employees in Hong Kong. Our Hong Kong subsidiaries may become obligated to file documents related to employee share options
or restricted shares with relevant tax authorities and to withhold individual income taxes of those employees who exercise their share
options. If our employees fail to pay or we fail to withhold their income taxes according to relevant laws and regulations, we may face
sanctions imposed by the tax authorities or other PRC governmental authorities. 

If we become directly subject to the recent
scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity involving U.S.-listed Chinese companies, we may have to expend significant resources to investigate
and resolve the matter which could harm our business operations and our reputation and could result in a loss of your investment in our
shares, especially if such matter cannot be addressed and resolved favorably. 

U.S. public companies that have substantially
all of their operations in China have been the subject of intense scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity by investors, financial commentators
and regulatory agencies, such as the SEC. Much of the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity has centered around financial and accounting
irregularities, a lack of effective internal controls over financial accounting and reporting, inadequate corporate governance policies
or a lack of adherence thereto and, in many cases, allegations of fraud. As a result of the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity,
the publicly traded stock of many U.S. listed Chinese companies has sharply decreased in value and, in some cases, has become virtually
worthless. Many of these companies are now subject to shareholder lawsuits and SEC enforcement actions and are conducting internal and
external investigations into the allegations. It is not clear what effect this sector-wide scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity
will have on our company and our business. If we become the subject of any unfavorable allegations, whether such allegations are proven
to be true or untrue, we may have to expend significant resources to investigate such allegations and/or defend the Company. This situation
may be a major distraction to our management. If such allegations are not proven to be groundless, our Company and business operations
will be severely hampered and your investment in our stock could be rendered worthless. 

In addition, major issues with other U.S. listed
Chinese companies in the future, could have a negative effect on the value of your investment, even though the Company is not involved. 

It may be difficult for stockholders to
enforce any judgment obtained in the United States against us, which may limit the remedies otherwise available to our stockholders. 

Substantially all of our assets are located in
Hong Kong and PRC. Moreover, our current directors and officers are Hong Kong/Chinese nationals. All or a substantial portion of their
assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for our stockholders to effect service of process within
the United States upon our subsidiaries or any individuals. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts
of Hong Kong or the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our officers and/or directors predicated
upon the civil liability provisions of Hong Kong against us or such persons predicated upon the securities laws of
the United States or any state thereof. It is unclear if extradition treaties now in effect between the United States and the PRC would
permit effective enforcement against us or our officers and directors of criminal penalties under the United States Federal securities
laws or otherwise. 

23 

Risks associated with our securities 

Our shares of common stock presently has
a limited trading market, with an average daily trading volume of approximately 209,760 shares, and the price may not reflect our value
and there can be no assurance that there will be an active market for our shares of common stock either now or in the future. 

Although our common stock is quoted on the OTC
Markets, our shares of common stock do not trade and the price of our common stock, if traded, may not reflect our value. There can be
no assurance that there will be an active market for our shares of common stock either now or in the future. Market liquidity will depend
on the perception of our operating business and any steps that our management might take to bring us to the awareness of investors. There
can be no assurance given that there will be any awareness generated. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investment
or liquidate it at a price that reflects the value of the business. As a result holders of our securities may not find purchasers our
securities should they to sell securities held by them. Consequently, our securities should be purchased only by investors having no need
for liquidity in their investment and who can hold our securities for an indefinite period of time. 

If a more active market should develop, the price
of our shares of common stock may be highly volatile. Because there may be a low price for our shares of common stock, many brokerage
firms may not be willing to effect transactions in our securities. Even if an investor finds a broker willing to effect a transaction
in the shares of our common stock, the combination of brokerage commissions, transfer fees, taxes, if any, and any other selling costs
may exceed the selling price. Further, many lending institutions will not permit the use of such shares of common stock as collateral
for any loans. 

Our common stock is subject to the penny
stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in our securities is limited, which makes transactions in our stock cumbersome and
may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. 

Under U.S. federal securities legislation, our
common stock will constitute penny stock . Penny stock is any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00
per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require that a broker
or dealer approve a potential investor s account for transactions in penny stocks, and the broker or dealer receive from the investor
a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve
an investor s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience
objectives of the person, and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the
person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks.
The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the Commission relating
to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination.
Brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. Disclosure also has to be
made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable
to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available
to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information
for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

We may, in the future, issue additional
common shares, which would reduce investors percent of ownership and may dilute our share value. 

Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance
of 7,400,000,000 shares of common stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, all of which have been designated as Series A Preferred
Stock. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Company had 239,278,847 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and 531,600 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock issued or outstanding. Accordingly, we can issue an additional approximately 7,160,721,153 shares of common
stock and 49,468,400 shares of preferred stock. The future issuance of common stock and/or preferred stock will result in substantial
dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing shareholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future
on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect
of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors, and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. 

24 

State securities laws may limit secondary
trading, which may restrict the states in which and conditions under which you can sell the shares offered by this prospectus. 

Secondary trading in common stock sold in this
offering will not be possible in any state until the common stock is qualified for sale under the applicable securities laws of the state
or there is confirmation that an exemption, such as listing in certain recognized securities manuals, is available for secondary trading
in the state. If we fail to register or qualify, or to obtain or verify an exemption for the secondary trading of, the common stock in
any particular state, the common stock could not be offered or sold to, or purchased by, a resident of that state. In the event that a
significant number of states refuse to permit secondary trading in our common stock, the liquidity for the common stock could be significantly
impacted thus causing you to realize a loss on your investment. 

The Company does not intend to seek registration
or qualification of its shares of common stock the subject of this offering in any State or territory of the United States. Aside from
a secondary trading exemption, other exemptions under state law and the laws of US territories may be available to purchasers
of the shares of common stock sold in this offering, 

Anti-takeover effects of certain provisions
of Nevada state law hinder a potential takeover of us. 

Though not now, we may be or in the future we
may become subject to Nevada s control share law. A corporation is subject to Nevada s control share law if it has more than
200 stockholders, at least 100 of whom are stockholders of record and residents of Nevada, and it does business in Nevada or through an
affiliated corporation. The law focuses on the acquisition of a controlling interest which means the ownership of outstanding
voting shares sufficient, but for the control share law, to enable the acquiring person to exercise the following proportions of the voting
power of the corporation in the election of directors: 

(i) one-fifth or more but less than one-third,
(ii) one-third or more but less than a majority, or (iii) a majority or more. The ability to exercise such voting power may be direct
or indirect, as well as individual or in association with others. 

The effect of the control share law is that the
acquiring person, and those acting in association with it, obtains only such voting rights in the control shares as are conferred by a
resolution of the stockholders of the corporation, approved at a special or annual meeting of stockholders. The control share law contemplates
that voting rights will be considered only once by the other stockholders. Thus, there is no authority to strip voting rights from the
control shares of an acquiring person once those rights have been approved. If the stockholders do not grant voting rights to the control
shares acquired by an acquiring person, those shares do not become permanent non-voting shares. The acquiring person is free to sell its
shares to others. If the buyers of those shares themselves do not acquire a controlling interest, their shares do not become governed
by the control share law. 

If control shares are accorded full voting rights
and the acquiring person has acquired control shares with a majority or more of the voting power, any stockholder of record, other than
an acquiring person, who has not voted in favor of approval of voting rights is entitled to demand fair value for such stockholder s
shares. 

Nevada s control share law may have the
effect of discouraging takeovers of the corporation. 

In addition to the control share law, Nevada has
a business combination law which prohibits certain business combinations between Nevada corporations and interested stockholders 
for three years after the interested stockholder first becomes an interested stockholder, unless the corporation s
board of directors approves the combination in advance. For purposes of Nevada law, an interested stockholder is any person
who is (i) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of
the corporation, or (ii) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the three previous years was the beneficial
owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition
of the term business combination is sufficiently broad to cover virtually any kind of transaction that would allow a potential
acquiror to use the corporation s assets to finance the acquisition or otherwise to benefit its own interests rather than the interests
of the corporation and its other stockholders. 

The effect of Nevada s business combination
law is to potentially discourage parties interested in taking control of us from doing so if it cannot obtain the approval of our board
of directors. 

25 

Because we do not intend to pay any cash
dividends on our common stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. 

We intend to retain any future earnings to finance
the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. Stockholders may
never be able to sell shares when desired. Before you invest in our securities, you should be aware that there are various risks. You
should consider carefully these risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this annual report before you decide
to purchase our securities. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, our business, financial condition
or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our executive office is located at No. 85 Castle
Peak Road, Castle Peak Bay, Tuen Mun, N.T., Hong Kong, China. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

There are no pending legal proceedings to which
the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than
5 of any class of voting securities of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse
to the Company. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

26 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information. 

Our common stock was traded on The NASDAQ Capital
Market under the symbol CLNT from December 29, 2011 to January 7, 2018 and on January 8, 2018, our trading symbol was changed
its symbol to SEII . ON December 5, 2018 our common stock was delisted from NASDAQ and now our common stock is quoted on
the OTC Pink operated by the OTC Markets Group, under the symbol SEII. Trading in OTC Pink stocks can be volatile, sporadic
and risky, as thinly traded stocks tend to move more rapidly in price than more liquid securities. Such trading may also depress the market
price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their common stock. Our common stock does not have an established
public trading market. The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the reported high and low closing bid quotations for
our common stock by calendar quarters during 2021 and 2020. These prices reflect inter-dealer quotations, do not include retail markups,
markdowns or commissions and do not necessarily reflect actual transactions. 

2022 
 2021 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First quarter 
 0.056 
 0.01 
 0.0380 
 0.033 
 
 Second quarter 
 0.20 
 0.02 
 0.0560 
 0.020 
 
 Third quarter 
 0.15 
 0.02 
 0.0278 
 0.0125 
 
 Fourth quarter 
 0.01 
 0.01 
 0.0280 
 0.0086 

On March 16, 2023, the last sale price of our
common stock as reported by OTC Markets was 0.001 per share. 

Shareholders 

As of March [x], 2023, we had approximately [x]
record holders of our common stock. 

Transfer Agent 

The transfer agent for
the common stock is Empire Stock Transfer Inc. The transfer agent s address is 1859 Whitney Mesa Dr., Henderson, Nevada 89014, and
its telephone number is (702) 818-5898. 

Dividend Policy 

We have not paid cash
dividends on our common stock since we became public through reverse acquisition. We intend to keep any future earnings to finance the
expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate that any cash dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table summarizes the equity compensation
plans under which our securities have been or may be issued as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of 
 securities 
 to be 
issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options and 
 warrants 
 Weighted- average 
exercise 
 price of 
 outstanding 
 options and 
 warrants 
 Number of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future 
 issuance 
under equity 
 compensation 
 plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Equity compensation plan not approved by security holders 
 0 
 0 
 0 

In September 2016, the
Company s board of directors adopted, and in November 2016, the stockholders approved the Company s 2016 long-term incentive
plan, which covers 125,000 shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares of common stock available for issuance
pursuant to the 2016 plan. 

We did not have any equity
compensation plans that were not approved by stockholders. 

Unregistered Sales
of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

All unregistered sales of equity securities during
financial year ended December 31, 2022 have been previously disclosed in filings made by the Company with the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

27 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide the information called for by Item 6 of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

This discussion summarizes
the significant factors affecting the operating results, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows of the Company and its subsidiaries
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The discussion and analysis that follows should be read together with the section
entitled Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements and our consolidated financial statements and the notes to
the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Except for historical information,
the matters discussed in this section are forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and are based upon judgments
concerning various factors that are beyond the Company s control. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently
subject to risks and uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the
forward-looking statements. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report. 

Currency and exchange
rate 

Unless otherwise noted,
all currency figures quoted as U.S. dollars , dollars or US refer to the legal currency of the
United States. References to Hong Kong Dollar are to the Hong Kong Dollar, the legal currency of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region of the People s Republic of China. Throughout this report, assets and liabilities of the Company s subsidiaries are
translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing
during the period. The gains and losses resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are recorded as a separate
component of accumulated other comprehensive income within the statement of stockholders equity. 

We are not required to obtain
permission from the Chinese authorities to operate or to issue securities to foreign investors. 

We, through our subsidiaries
currently operate the sharing economy businesses. We derive our revenues from the sale of license and advertising right and in a term
of certain periods. Unfortunately the COVID-19 situation has created adverse market conditions to sharing economy due to the changes in
consumer and business market behaviors. 

We are at a development stage
company and reported a net loss of 4,164,547 and 3,897,513 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We had current
assets of 2,707,058 and current liabilities of 12,409,141 as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, our current assets and current
liabilities were 4,139,125 and 12,265,428, respectively. 

Our financial statements for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. Our continuation as a
going concern is dependent upon improving our profitability and the continuing financial support from our stockholders. Our sources of
capital in the past have included the sale of equity securities, which include common stock sold in private transactions and public offerings,
capital leases and short-term and long-term debts. 

28 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The following table sets forth the results of
our operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 
 317,316 
 237,756 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 - 
 (54,038 
 
 Gross profit 
 317,316 
 183,718 
 
 Operating expenses 
 2,956,892 
 4,258,740 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (2,639,576 
 (4,075,022 
 
 Other (expense) / income 
 (1,524,971 
 177,509 
 
 Loss before provision for income taxes 
 (4,164,547 
 (3,897,513 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 (4,164,547 
 (3,897,513 

Revenues. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, we recognized revenues from our sharing economy business of 317,316 compared to approximately 237,756 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The revenue increased mainly due to the local growth in advertising activities during the year. 

Cost of revenues. Cost of revenues
includes the domain and hosting charges. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of revenues was 0 as compared to 54,038 for the
year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of approximately 54,038, or 100 . The cost of revenues decreased mainly due to domain and website
set-up in prior years. 

Gross profit and gross margin. Our
gross profit was approximately 317,316 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to gross profit of approximately 183,718 for
the year ended December 31, 2021, representing gross margins of 100 and 77.2 respectively, an increase year over year. The increase
in our gross margin for 2022 was primarily attributed to the improve platform operation system. We expect that our gross margin will remain
at its current levels by increasing more exposure to the market. 

Operating expenses. For the year
ended December 31, 2022 operating expenses were 2,956,892 as compared to 4,258,740 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease
of approximately 1,301,848, or 30.57 . 

Loss from operations. As a result
of the factors described above, for the year ended December 31, 2022, loss from operations amounted to 2,639,576, as compared to approximately
 4,075,022 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The amount decreased mainly due to no impairment loss on goodwill and decrease in depreciation
and amortization during the year. 

Other expense, net . Other expense,
net of other income, includes interest income, interest expense, loss on foreign currency translation loss, dividend income, gain on disposal
of marketable securities, amounted to 1,524,971 for the year ended December 31, 2022. As compared to the year ended December 31, 2021,
total other income, net, amounted to 177,509, mainly consisted of interest income, interest expense, loss on foreign currency translation
loss, dividend income, gain on disposal of marketable securities. 

Income tax provision . 
Income tax expense was 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Net loss. As a result of the foregoing,
our net loss was 4,164,547 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared with net loss 3,897,513 for the year ended December 31,
2021, an increase of 267,034 or 6.85 . The amount increased mainly due to unrealized loss on marketable securities and loss on disposal
of marketable securities incurred during the year. 

29 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability of
a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations and otherwise operate on an ongoing
basis. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash balance of 32,459 and cash balances of 66,723, respectively. At December 31, 2022
and 2021, we had bank overdraft of 90,289 and 0, respectively. These funds are located in financial institutions mainly located in Hong
Kong. 

The following table sets forth
a summary of changes in our working capital from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Change 
 Percentage 
 Change 
 
 Working capital: 

Total current assets 
 2,707,058 
 4,139,415 
 (1,432,157 
 (34.60 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 12,409,141 
 12,265,428 
 143,713 
 1.17 
 
 Working capital deficit 
 (9,702,083 
 (8,126,013 
 (1,576,070 
 (19.40 

Our working capital deficit
increased by 1,576,070 to 9,702,083 at December 31, 2022 from 8,126,013 at December 31, 2021. This increase in working deficit is primarily
attributable less cash balance at the year end. 

Because the exchange rate
conversion is different for the consolidated balance sheets and the consolidated statements of cash flows, the changes in assets and liabilities
reflected on the consolidated statements of cash flows are not necessarily identical with the comparable changes reflected on the consolidated
balance sheets. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 (1,695,945 
 (1,504,541 
 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 
 224,974 
 (1,144,067 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 1,359,884 
 972,720 
 
 Effect of Exchange Rate Changes in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (13,016 
 (63,256 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year 
 66,273 
 1,805,417 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of Year 
 (57,830 
 66,273 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 32,459 
 66,273 
 
 Bank overdraft 
 (90,289 
 - 
 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and bank overdraft 
 (57,830 
 66,273 

Cash Flow in Operating Activities 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 1,695,945, which consists of depreciation, amortization, stock-based consultancy
fee, stock-based business marketing fee, amortization of debt discount, gain on sale of marketable securities and unreleased gain on marketable
securities. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 1,504,541, which consists of depreciation, amortization, stock-based consultancy
fee, stock-based business marketing fee, amortization of debt discount, gain on sale of marketable securities and unreleased gain on marketable
securities. 

Cash Flow in Investing Activities 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had net cash provided by investing activities of 224,974. The total net cash provided by investing activities primarily
mainly related to the purchase of marketable securities, purchase of property, plant and equipment, disposal of investment in marketable
securities and disposal of property, plant and equipment. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net
cash used in investing activities of 1,144,067. The total net cash used in investing activities primarily mainly related to the purchase
of marketable securities, purchase of property, plant and equipment and disposal of investment in marketable securities. 

30 

Cash Flow in Financing Activities 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had net cash provided by financing activities of 1,359,884. We received advances from related party of 1,041,609
and received proceeds from bank loan of 666,704, offset by, repayment of bank loan of approximately 348,429. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, we had net cash provided by financing activities of 972,720. We received advances from related party of 1,180,190 and
received net proceeds from issuance of note payable of 710,258, offset by, repayment of bank loan of approximately 917,728. 

We
have historically funded our capital expenditures through cash flow provided by operations and bank loans. We intend to fund the cost
with cash flow from our operations and by obtaining financing mainly from local banking institutions with which we have done business
in the past. We believe that the relationships with local banks are in good standing and we have not encountered difficulties in obtaining
needed borrowings from local banks. 

Going Concern 

Our continuation as a going
concern is dependent upon improving our profitability and the continuing financial support from our stockholders. Our sources of capital
may include the sale of equity securities, which include common stock sold in private transactions, short-term and long-term debts. While
we believe that we will obtain external financing and the existing shareholders will continue to provide the additional cash to meet our
obligations as they become due, there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise such additional capital resources on satisfactory
terms. We believe that our capital resources are not currently adequate to continue operating and maintaining its business strategy for
the next twelve months from the date of this report. We may seek to raise capital through additional debt and/or equity financings to
fund its operations in the future. Although we have historically raised capital from sales of equity and from bank loans, there is no
assurance that it will be able to continue to do so. 

If
we cannot raise additional funds, we will have to cease business operations. As a result, our common stock investors would lose all of
their investment. 

We believe that these matters
raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or classification of liabilities that might
be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Material Cash Requirements 

We
have not achieved profitability since our inception and we expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. We expect
net cash expended in 2023 to be slightly higher than 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 81,062,319. Our
material cash requirements are highly dependent upon the additional financial support from our major shareholders in the next 12 - 18
months. 

We have certain fixed contractual
obligations and commitments that include future estimated payments. Changes in our business needs, cancellation provisions, changing interest
rates, and other factors may result in actual payments differing from the estimates. We cannot provide certainty regarding the timing
and amounts of payments. We have presented below a summary of the most significant assumptions used in our determination of amounts presented
in the tables, in order to assist in the review of this information within the context of our consolidated financial position, results
of operations, and cash flows. The following tables summarize our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022, and the effect these
obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods. 

Payments Due by Period 
 
 Contractual obligations: 
 Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1-3 years 
 3-5 years 
 5 + years 
 
 Bank loans (1) 
 10,722,156 
 5,348,761 
 5,373,395 
 - 
 - 
 
 Convertible note payable (2) 
 922,847 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 11,645,003 
 5,348,761 
 5,373,395 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Bank loans consisted of short term and long-term bank loans. 

(2) 
 922,847 will be converted into common shares in 2023. 

31 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 

Except as discussed below,
we have not entered into any other financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties.
We have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and classified as shareholder s equity or that
are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets
transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not have any variable
interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging
or research and development services with us. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management to make
assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported, including the notes thereto, and related disclosures of commitments
and contingencies, if any. We have identified certain accounting policies that are significant to the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements. These accounting policies are important for an understanding of our financial condition and results of operations.
Critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations
and require management s subjective or complex judgment, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that
are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Certain accounting estimates are particularly sensitive because of their
significance to consolidated financial statements and because of the possibility that future events affecting the estimate may differ
significantly from management s current judgments. We believe the following accounting policies are critical in the preparation of our
consolidated financial statements. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The Company s consolidated financial statements
include the financial statements of its wholly-owned and majority owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

Noncontrolling interest 

The Company accounts for noncontrolling interest
in accordance with ASC Topic 810-10-45, which requires the Company to present noncontrolling interests as a separate component of total
shareholders equity on the consolidated balance sheets and the consolidated net loss attributable to the its noncontrolling interest
be clearly identified and presented on the face of the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Use of estimates 

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and the related disclosures at the date of the financial
statements and during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from these estimates. Significant estimates in the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include the allowance for doubtful accounts on accounts and other receivables, the useful life
of property and equipment and intangible assets, assumptions used in assessing impairment of long-term assets and valuation of deferred
tax assets, accruals for taxes due, and the value of stock-based compensation. 

32 

Available-for-sale marketable securities 

Available-for-sale marketable securities are reported
at fair value using the market approach based on the quoted prices in active markets at the reporting date. The Company classifies the
valuation techniques that use these inputs as Level 1 of fair value measurements. Any unrealized losses that are deemed other-than-temporary
are included in current period earnings and removed from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 

Realized gains and losses on marketable securities
are included in current period earnings. For purposes of computing realized gains and losses, the cost basis of each investment sold is
generally based on the weighted average cost method. 

The Company regularly evaluates whether the decline
in fair value of available-for-sale securities is other-than-temporary and objective evidence of impairment could include: 

The severity and duration of
the fair value decline; 

Deterioration in the financial
condition of the issuer; and 

Evaluation of the factors that
could cause individual securities to have an other-than-temporary impairment. 

Property and equipment 

Property and equipment are carried at cost and
are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed
as incurred; major replacements and improvements are capitalized. When assets are retired or disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation
are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gains or losses are included in the statements of operations in the year of disposition.
The Company examines the possibility of decreases in the value of fixed assets when events or changes in circumstances reflect the fact
that their recorded value may not be recoverable. 

Useful life 
 
 Office equipment and furniture 
 5 years 
 
 Vehicles 
 5 years 
 
 Yachts 
 5 years 

Impairment of long-lived assets and intangible
asset 

In accordance with ASC Topic 360, the Company
reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may
not be fully recoverable, or at least annually. The Company recognizes an impairment loss when the sum of expected undiscounted future
cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. The amount of impairment is measured as the difference between the asset s
estimated fair value and its book value. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company conducted an impairment assessment on property,
equipment and intangible asset based on the guidelines established in ASC Topic 360 to determine the estimated fair market value of property,
equipment and intangible asset as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Such analysis considered future use of such equipment, consultation with
equipment resellers, subsequent sales of price of equipment held for sale, and other industry factors. Upon completion of the 2022 impairment
analysis, the Company recorded impairment charges on long-lived assets of 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Revenue recognition 

The Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ASU 2014-09 ). Under ASU 2014-09,
the Company applies the following five steps in order to determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its
obligations under each of its agreements: 

identify the contract with
a customer; 

identify the performance obligations
in the contract; 

determine the transaction price; 

allocate the transaction price
to performance obligations in the contract; and 

recognize revenue as the performance
obligation is satisfied. 

33 

The transaction price for each contract is determined
based on the amount the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for transferring the promised products or services to the
customer. Collectability of revenue is reasonably assured based on historical evidence of collectability of fees the Company charges its
customers. The transaction price in the contract is allocated to each distinct performance obligation in an amount that represents the
relative amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for satisfying each performance obligation. Revenue is recognized
when performance obligations are satisfied. At contract inception, the Company determines whether it satisfies the performance obligation
over time or at a point in time. 

The Company derives its revenues from the sale
of advertising service in a monthly payment term. The Company s performance obligation includes providing the connectivity among
merchants and consumers, generally through its online media advertising platform. Online marketing consists of search engine marketing,
display advertisements, referral programs and affiliate marketing. The Company will provide resources to support the marketing needs of
the sharing economy businesses via partnerships and acquisitions of advertising companies. 

The majority of the Company s contracts
with customers only contain a single performance obligation. When the agreements involve with multiple performance obligations, the Company
will account for individual performance obligations separately, if they are distinct. 

Income taxes 

The Company is governed by the Income Tax Law
of the PRC, Inland Revenue Ordinance of Hong Kong and the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Company accounts for income
taxes using the asset/liability method prescribed by ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes. Under this method, deferred tax
assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities
using enacted tax rates that will be in effect in the period in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company records a valuation
allowance to offset deferred tax assets if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion, or
all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized as income or
loss in the period that includes the enactment date. 

On December 22, 2017, the United States signed
into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Act ), a tax reform bill which, among other items, reduces the current federal income
tax rate in the United States to 21 from 35 . The rate reduction is effective January 1, 2018, and is permanent. 

The Act has caused the Company s deferred
income taxes to be revalued. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through income
tax expense. Pursuant to the guidance within SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 SAB 118 ), as of December 31, 2021, the
Company recognized the provisional effects of the enactment of the Act for which measurement could be reasonably estimated. Since the
Company has provided a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets, the revaluation of the deferred tax assets did not have
a material impact on any period presented. The ultimate impact of the Act may differ from these estimates due to the Company s continued
analysis or further regulatory guidance that may be issued as a result of the Act. 

The Company applied the provisions of ASC 740-10-50,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, which provides clarification related to the process associated with accounting
for uncertain tax positions recognized in the Company s financial statements. Audit periods remain open for review until the statute
of limitations has passed. The completion of review or the expiration of the statute of limitations for a given audit period could result
in an adjustment to the Company s liability for income taxes. Any such adjustment could be material to the Company s results
of operations for any given quarterly or annual period based, in part, upon the results of operations for the given period. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no uncertain tax positions, and will continue to evaluate for uncertain positions in the future. 

Foreign currency translation 

The reporting currency of the Company is the U.S.
dollar. The functional currency of the parent company is the U.S. dollar and the functional currency of the Company s operating
subsidiaries is the Chinese Renminbi RMB or Hong Kong dollars HKD ). For the subsidiaries and affiliates,
whose functional currencies are the RMB or HKD, results of operations and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the
period, assets and liabilities are translated at the unified exchange rate at the end of the period, and equity is translated at historical
exchange rates. As a result, amounts relating to assets and liabilities reported on the statements of cash flows may not necessarily agree
with the changes in the corresponding balances on the balance sheets. Translation adjustments resulting from the process of translating
the local currency financial statements into U.S. dollars are included in determining comprehensive loss. 

The Company did not enter into any material transaction
in foreign currencies. Transaction gains or losses have not had, and are not expected to have, a material effect on the results of operations
of the Company. 

34 

Loss per share of common stock 

ASC Topic 260 Earnings per Share, 
requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share EPS with a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator
of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. Basic EPS excludes dilution. Diluted EPS
reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into
common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the earnings of the entity. 

Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing
net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted
net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents
and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during each period. 

Comprehensive loss 

Comprehensive loss is comprised of net loss and
all changes to the statements of stockholders equity, except those due to investments by stockholders, changes in paid-in capital
and distributions to stockholders. For the Company, comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included net loss
and unrealized (loss) gain from foreign currency translation adjustments. 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock-based compensation is accounted for based
on the requirements of the Share-Based Payment topic of ASC Topic 718, which requires recognition in the financial statements of the cost
of employee and director services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments over the vesting period or immediately if fully
vested and non-forfeitable. The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB also requires measurement of the cost of employee
and director services received in exchange for an award based on the grant-date fair value of the award. 

Fair value of financial instruments 

The Company adopted the guidance of ASC Topic
820 for fair value measurements which clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes
a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level 1 - Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date. 

Level 2 - Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices
for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are
not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3 - Inputs are unobservable inputs which
reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability
based on the best available information. The Company did not measure these assets at fair value at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated
balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other receivables, short-term bank loans, convertible
notes payable, note payable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, amount due to a related party and income taxes payable approximate
their fair market value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. 

ASC Topic 825-10 Financial Instruments 
allows entities to voluntarily choose to measure certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value (fair value option). The fair
value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and is irrevocable, unless a new election date occurs. If the fair value
option is elected for an instrument, unrealized gains and losses for that instrument should be reported in earnings at each subsequent
reporting date. The Company did not elect to apply the fair value option to any outstanding instruments. 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies 

35 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

SHARING ECONOMY INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 CONTENTS 

Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets - As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss - For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) - For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

SHARING ECONOMY INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 32,459 
 66,273 
 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 
 294,684 
 141,183 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other receivables 
 75,222 
 307,299 
 
 Marketable securities 
 2,304,693 
 3,624,660 

Total current assets 
 2,707,058 
 4,139,415 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Property and equipment, net 
 269,085 
 395,825 
 
 Intangible assets, net 
 7,451 
 31,504 

Total other assets 
 276,536 
 427,329 

Total assets 
 2,983,594 
 4,566,744 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Bank overdraft 
 90,289 
 - 
 
 Short-term bank loans 
 5,348,761 
 5,584,788 
 
 Convertible note payable, net of unamortized debt discount 
 922,847 
 1,113,830 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 812,240 
 785,373 
 
 Other payable 
 1,211,497 
 1,132,872 
 
 Due to related parties 
 4,023,507 
 3,648,565 

Total current liabilities 
 12,409,141 
 12,265,428 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: 

Long-term loan 
 5,373,395 
 4,822,244 

Total liabilities 
 17,782,536 
 17,087,672 

Commitments and contingencies 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT: 

Preferred stock, Series A 0.001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 0 and 3,189,600 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 
 3,190 
 
 Common stock 0.001 par value; 7,450,000,000 shares authorized; 429,883,971 and 239,278,847 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 429,885 
 239,278 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 66,764,180 
 65,047,662 
 
 Accumulated deficits 
 (81,062,319 
 (76,908,089 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 (33,228 
 (15,826 
 
 Total stockholders deficit attributable to SEII 
 (13,901,482 
 (11,633,785 

Non-controlling interest 
 (897,460 
 (887,143 

Total deficit 
 (14,798,942 
 (12,520,928 

Total liabilities and deficit 
 2,983,594 
 4,566,744 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

SHARING ECONOMY INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

REVENUES 
 317,316 
 237,756 

COST OF REVENUES 
 - 
 (54,038 

Gross profit 
 317,316 
 183,718 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Depreciation and amortization 
 151,131 
 233,710 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 2,805,761 
 3,997,677 
 
 Impairment loss on goodwill 
 - 
 27,353 

Total operating expenses 
 2,956,892 
 4,258,740 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 
 (2,639,576 
 (4,075,022 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Interest income 
 38 
 17 
 
 Interest expense 
 (456,562 
 (377,915 
 
 Dividend income 
 245,068 
 12,515 
 
 Gain on disposal of PPE 
 25,198 
 - 
 
 (Loss)/ gain on disposal of marketable securities 
 (47,708 
 536,182 
 
 Unrealized loss on marketable securities 
 (1,309,676 
 - 
 
 Foreign exchange loss 
 (233 
 (380 
 
 Other income 
 18,904 
 7,090 

Total other expense, net 
 (1,524,971 
 (177,509 

LOSS BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
 (4,164,547 
 (3,897,513 

Income taxes provision 
 - 
 - 

NET LOSS 
 (4,164,547 
 (3,897,513 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST 
 (10,317 
 (9,558 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 
 (4,154,230 
 (3,887,955 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS: 

Net loss 
 (4,164,547 
 (3,897,513 
 
 Foreign currency translation loss 
 (17,402 
 (2,580 

Comprehensive loss 
 (4,181,949 
 (3,890,535 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 (10,317 
 (9,558 
 
 Foreign currency translation gain from non-controlling interest 
 - 
 - 

Comprehensive loss attributable to common stockholders 
 (4,171,632 
 (3,890,535 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE: 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 
 (0.01 
 (0.02 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

Basic and diluted 
 303,277,856 
 220,962,339 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

SHARING ECONOMY INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Equity attributable to SEII shareholders 

Preferred stock 
 Common stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated other comprehensive 
 
 Non 
 Total shareholders 

Number of shares 
 Amount 
 Number of shares 
 
 Amount 
 paid-in capital 
 (loss) income 
 Accumulated deficits 
 controlling interests 
 equity (deficit) 

Balance as of January 1, 2022 
 3,189,600 
 3,190 
 239,278,847 
 
 239,278 
 65,047,662 
 (15,826 
 (76,908,089 
 (887,143 
 (12,520,928 

Issuance of shares for director s remuneration 
 - 
 - 
 2,4730,307 
 
 24,730 
 779,005 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 803,735 
 
 Issuance of shares for redemption of 860,200 promissory note 
 - 
 - 
 160,529,605 
 
 160,532 
 699,668 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 860,200 
 
 Issuance of shares for consultancy service 
 - 
 - 
 5,345,212 
 
 5,345 
 234,655 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 240,000 
 
 Cancellation share 
 (3,189,600 
 (3,190 
 - 
 
 - 
 3,190 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 (17,402 
 - 
 - 
 (17,402 
 
 Net loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (4,154,230 
 (10,317 
 (4,164,547 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 429,883,971 
 
 429,885 
 66,764,180 
 (33,228 
 (81,062,319 
 (897,460 
 (14,798,942 

F- 4 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Equity attributable to SEII shareholders 

Preferred stock 
 Common stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated other comprehensive 
 
 Non 
 Total shareholders 

Number of shares 
 Amount 
 Number of shares 
 Amount 
 paid-in capital 
 (loss) income 
 Accumulated deficits 
 controlling interests 
 equity (deficit) 

Balance as of January 1, 2021 
 531,600 
 532 
 172,883,475 
 172,883 
 61,700,634 
 (13,246 
 (73,020,134 
 (877,585 
 (12,036,916 

Issuance of shares for director s remuneration 
 - 
 - 
 9,187,406 
 9,187 
 542,057 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 551,244 
 
 Common stock issued upon conversion of debt 
 - 
 - 
 16,400,691 
 16,401 
 187,766 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 204,167 
 
 Fractional shares from reverse split 
 - 
 - 
 800 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for services from consultants and service providers 
 - 
 - 
 26,872,638 
 26,873 
 1,024,537 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,051,410 
 
 Common stock issued for business marketing services 
 - 
 - 
 13,935,337 
 13,935 
 585,285 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 599,220 
 
 Cancellation share 

(1,500 
 (1 
 1 

- 
 
 Preferred stock issued for business transaction fee 
 2,658,000 
 2,658 

1,007,382 

1,010,040 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (2,580 
 - 
 - 
 (2,580 
 
 Net loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (3,887,955 
 (9,558 
 (3,897,513 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 3,189,600 
 3,190 
 239,278,847 
 239,278 
 65,047,662 
 (15,826 
 (76,908,089 
 (887,143 
 (12,520,928 

# Post a fifty for one (50:1) reverse split effective on October
13, 2020. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SHARING ECONOMY INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 
 (4,164,547 
 (3,897,513 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss from operations to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 
 127,056 
 135,561 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 24,075 
 98,149 
 
 Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment 
 (25,198 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 
 1,309,676 
 607,309 
 
 Loss (gain) on sale of marketable securities 
 47,708 
 (1,143,491 

Impairment loss of goodwill 
 - 
 27,353 
 
 Stock-based director s remuneration 
 803,735 
 - 
 
 Stock-based consultancy fee 
 240,000 
 2,061,450 
 
 Stock-based business marketing fee 
 - 
 599,220 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 
 - 
 2,822 
 
 Dividend received 
 (245,068 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 (153,501 
 (102,369 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other receivables 
 232,077 
 (174,655 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 26,867 
 20,666 
 
 Other payable 
 81,175 
 209,820 
 
 Deferred revenue 
 - 
 (107 

CASH FLOWS USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 (1,695,945 
 (1,504,541 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of marketable securities 
 (447,329 
 (22,237,565 
 
 Purchase of property and equipment 
 (7,949 
 (47,722 
 
 Proceeds from disposal of marketable securities 
 404,492 
 21,128,705 
 
 Proceeds from disposal of PPE 
 30,692 
 - 
 
 Dividend received 
 245,068 
 12,515 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 224,974 
 (1,144,067 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Repayments of bank loan 
 (348,429 
 (917,728 
 
 Proceeds from bank loan 
 666,704 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of note payable 
 - 
 710,258 
 
 Advances from related party 
 1,041,609 
 1,180,190 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 1,359,884 
 972,720 

Effect of exchange rate changes 
 (13,016 
 (63,256 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (124,103 
 (1,739,144 

Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of year 
 66,273 
 1,805,417 

Cash and cash equivalents - end of year 
 (57,830 
 66,273 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 
 233,599 
 206,778 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Reconciliation to amounts on balance sheets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 32,459 
 66,273 
 
 Bank overdraft 
 (90,289 
 - 
 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and bank overdraft 
 (57,830 
 66,273 
 
 NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Accrued interest on convertible promissory note 
 222,963 
 171,137 
 
 Stock issued for redemption of convertible note and accrued interest 
 860,200 
 204,267 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

SHARING ECONOMY INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2022 

NOTE 1 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION 

Sharing Economy International Inc. (the Company was incorporated in Delaware on June 24, 1987 under the name of Malex, Inc. On December 18, 2007, the Company s corporate name
was changed to China Wind Systems, Inc. and on June 13, 2011, the Company changed its corporate name to Cleantech Solutions International,
Inc. On August 7, 2012, the Company was converted into a Nevada corporation. On January 8, 2018, the Company changed its corporate name
to Sharing Economy International Inc. 

The Company s latest business initiatives
are focused on targeting the technology and global sharing economy markets, by developing online platforms and rental business partnerships
that will drive the global development of sharing through economical rental business models. In connection with the new business initiatives,
the Company formed or acquired the following subsidiaries: 

Vantage Ultimate Limited Vantage ), a company incorporated
 under the laws of British Virgin Islands on February 1, 2017 and is wholly-owned by the Company. 

Sharing Economy Investment Limited Sharing Economy ),
 a company incorporated under the laws of British Virgin Islands on May 18, 2017 and is wholly-owned by Vantage. 

EC Advertising Limited EC Advertising ), a company incorporated
 under the laws of Hong Kong on March 17, 2017 and is a wholly-owned by Sharing Economy. 

EC Rental Limited EC Rental ), a company incorporated
 under the laws of British Virgin Islands on May 22, 2017 and is wholly-owned by Vantage. 

EC Assets Management Limited EC Assets ), a company incorporated
 under the laws of British Virgin Islands on May 22, 2017 and is wholly-owned by Vantage. 

Cleantech Solutions Limited (formerly known as EC (Fly Car) Limited),
 a company incorporated under the laws of British Virgin Islands on May 22, 2017 and is a wholly-owned by Sharing Economy. 

Global Bike Share (Mobile App) Limited, a company incorporated under
 the laws of British Virgin Islands on May 23, 2017 and is a wholly-owned by Sharing Economy. 

EC Power (Global) Technology Limited EC Power ), a company
 incorporated under the laws of British Virgin Islands on May 26, 2017 and is wholly-owned by EC Rental. 

ECPower (HK) Company Limited, a company incorporated under the laws
 of Hong Kong on June 23, 2017 and is wholly-owned by EC Power. 

EC Manpower Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Hong
 Kong on July 3, 2017 and is wholly-owned by Vantage. 

EC Technology Innovations Limited EC Technology ),
 a company incorporated under the laws of British Virgin Islands on September 1, 2017 and is wholly-owned by Vantage. 

Inspirit Studio Limited Inspirit Studios ), a company
 incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong on August 24, 2015, and 51 of its shareholding was acquired by EC Technology on December
 8, 2017. 

EC Creative Limited EC Creative ), a company incorporated
 under the laws of British Virgin Islands on January 9, 2018 and is wholly-owned by Vantage. 

3D Discovery Co. Limited 3D Discovery ), a company incorporated
 under the laws of Hong Kong on February 24, 2015, 60 of its shareholdings was acquired by EC Technology on January 19, 2018 and
 remaining 40 of its shareholdings was acquired by EC Technology on August 14, 2020. 

Sharing Film International Limited, a company incorporated under the
 laws of Hong Kong on January 22, 2018 and is a wholly-owned by EC Creative. 

AnyWorkspace Limited AnyWorkspace ), a company incorporated
 under the laws of Hong Kong on November 12, 2015, and 80 of its shareholding was acquired by Sharing Economy on January 30, 2018.
 On March 24, 2020, the Company disposed 80 equity interest of AnyWorkspace. 

Xiamen Great Media Company Limited Xiamen Great Media ),
 a company incorporated under the laws of the PRC on September 5, 2018 and is a wholly-owned by EC Advertising. 

F- 7 

NOTE 2 GOING CONCERN UNCERTAINTIES 

These consolidated financial statements have
been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments
in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company had a net loss of approximately
 4,164,547 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The net cash used in operations were approximately 1,695,945 for the year ended December
31, 2022. Management believes that its capital resources are not currently adequate to continue operating and maintaining its business
strategy for the next twelve months from the date of this report. The Company may seek to raise capital through additional debt and/or
equity financings to fund its operations in the future. Although the Company has historically raised capital from sales of equity and
from bank loans, there is no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital
or secure additional lending in the near future, management expects that the Company will need to curtail or cease operations. 

Management believes that these matters raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

NOTE 3 SIGIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis of presentation 

These accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America US GAAP ). 

The Company is on a fiscal year ending December 31; as such the year
ended December 31, 2022 is referred to as fiscal 2022 , and the year ended December 31, 2021 is referred to as fiscal
2021 . 

Principles of Consolidation 

The Company s consolidated financial statements
include the financial statements of its wholly-owned and majority owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

Noncontrolling interest 

The Company accounts for noncontrolling interest
in accordance with ASC Topic 810-10-45, which requires the Company to present noncontrolling interests as a separate component of total
shareholders equity on the consolidated balance sheets and the consolidated net loss attributable to the its noncontrolling interest
be clearly identified and presented on the face of the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

F- 8 

Use of estimates 

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and the related disclosures at the date of the financial
statements and during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from these estimates. Significant estimates in the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include the allowance for doubtful accounts on accounts and other receivables, the useful life
of property and equipment and intangible assets, assumptions used in assessing impairment of long-term assets and valuation of deferred
tax assets, accruals for taxes due, and the value of stock-based compensation. 

Cash and cash equivalents 

For purposes of the consolidated statements of
cash flows, the Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less and money market accounts
to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains with various financial institutions mainly in the PRC, Hong Kong and the U.S. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, cash balances held in banks in the PRC and Hong Kong of 32,459 and 66,273, respectively, are uninsured. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, we had bank overdraft of 90,289 and 0, respectively. 

Available-for-sale marketable securities 

Available-for-sale marketable securities are
reported at fair value using the market approach based on the quoted prices in active markets at the reporting date. The Company classifies
the valuation techniques that use these inputs as Level 1 of fair value measurements. Any unrealized losses that are deemed other-than-temporary
are included in current period earnings and removed from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 

Realized gains and losses on marketable securities
are included in current period earnings. For purposes of computing realized gains and losses, the cost basis of each investment sold
is generally based on the weighted average cost method. 

The Company regularly evaluates whether the decline
in fair value of available-for-sale securities is other-than-temporary and objective evidence of impairment could include: 

The severity and duration of the fair value decline; 

Deterioration in the financial condition of the issuer; and 

Evaluation of the factors that could cause individual securities to have an other-than-temporary
 impairment. 

F- 9 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts receivable are presented net of an allowance
for doubtful accounts. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses. The Company reviews the accounts
receivable on a periodic basis and makes general and specific allowances when there is doubt as to the collectability of individual balances.
In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances, the Company considers many factors, including the age of the balance,
a customer s historical payment history, its current credit-worthiness and current economic trends. Accounts are written off after
exhaustive efforts at collection. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has established, based on a review of its outstanding balances,
no allowance for doubtful accounts in the accounts. 

Property and equipment 

Property and equipment are carried at cost and
are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed
as incurred; major replacements and improvements are capitalized. When assets are retired or disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation
are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gains or losses are included in the statements of operations in the year of disposition.
The Company examines the possibility of decreases in the value of fixed assets when events or changes in circumstances reflect the fact
that their recorded value may not be recoverable. 

Useful
 life 
 
 Office equipment and furniture 
 
 5 years 
 
 Vehicles 
 
 5 years 
 
 Yachts 
 
 5 years 

Impairment of long-lived assets and intangible
asset 

In accordance with ASC Topic 360, the Company
reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets
may not be fully recoverable, or at least annually. The Company recognizes an impairment loss when the sum of expected undiscounted future
cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. The amount of impairment is measured as the difference between the asset s
estimated fair value and its book value. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company conducted an impairment assessment on property,
equipment and intangible asset based on the guidelines established in ASC Topic 360 to determine the estimated fair market value of property,
equipment and intangible asset as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Such analysis considered future use of such equipment, consultation
with equipment resellers, subsequent sales of price of equipment held for sale, and other industry factors. Upon completion of the 2022
impairment analysis, the Company recorded impairment charges on long-lived assets of 0 and 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

Revenue recognition 

The Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ASU 2014-09 ). Under ASU 2014-09,
the Company applies the following five steps in order to determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills
its obligations under each of its agreements: 

identify the contract with a customer; 

identify the performance obligations in the contract; 

determine the transaction price; 

allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract;
 and 

recognize revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied. 

The transaction price for each contract is determined
based on the amount the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for transferring the promised products or services to the
customer. Collectability of revenue is reasonably assured based on historical evidence of collectability of fees the Company charges
its customers. The transaction price in the contract is allocated to each distinct performance obligation in an amount that represents
the relative amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for satisfying each performance obligation. Revenue is recognized
when performance obligations are satisfied. At contract inception, the Company determines whether it satisfies the performance obligation
over time or at a point in time. 

F- 10 

The Company derives its revenues from the sale
of advertising service in a monthly payment term. The Company s performance obligation includes providing the connectivity among
merchants and consumers, generally through its online media advertising platform. Online marketing consists of search engine marketing,
display advertisements, referral programs and affiliate marketing. The Company will provide resources to support the marketing needs
of the sharing economy businesses via partnerships and acquisitions of advertising companies. 

The majority of the Company s contracts
with customers only contain a single performance obligation. When the agreements involve with multiple performance obligations, the Company
will account for individual performance obligations separately, if they are distinct. 

The Company has one source of revenue for the
respective fiscal years:- 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Sale of advertising service 
 317,316 
 237,756 

Income taxes 

The Company is governed by the Income Tax Law
of the PRC, Inland Revenue Ordinance of Hong Kong and the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Company accounts for income
taxes using the asset/liability method prescribed by ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes. Under this method, deferred
tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities
using enacted tax rates that will be in effect in the period in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company records a
valuation allowance to offset deferred tax assets if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some
portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized
as income or loss in the period that includes the enactment date. 

On December 22, 2017, the United States signed
into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Act ), a tax reform bill which, among other items, reduces the current federal income
tax rate in the United States to 21 from 35 . The rate reduction is effective January 1, 2018, and is permanent. 

The Act has caused the Company s deferred
income taxes to be revalued. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through income
tax expense. Pursuant to the guidance within SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 SAB 118 ), as of December 31, 2021,
the Company recognized the provisional effects of the enactment of the Act for which measurement could be reasonably estimated. Since
the Company has provided a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets, the revaluation of the deferred tax assets did not
have a material impact on any period presented. The ultimate impact of the Act may differ from these estimates due to the Company s
continued analysis or further regulatory guidance that may be issued as a result of the Act. 

The Company applied the provisions of ASC 740-10-50,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, which provides clarification related to the process associated with accounting
for uncertain tax positions recognized in the Company s financial statements. Audit periods remain open for review until the statute
of limitations has passed. The completion of review or the expiration of the statute of limitations for a given audit period could result
in an adjustment to the Company s liability for income taxes. Any such adjustment could be material to the Company s results
of operations for any given quarterly or annual period based, in part, upon the results of operations for the given period. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no uncertain tax positions, and will continue to evaluate for uncertain positions in the future. 

F- 11 

Foreign currency translation 

The reporting currency of the Company is the
U.S. dollar. The functional currency of the parent company is the U.S. dollar and the functional currency of the Company s operating
subsidiaries is the Chinese Renminbi RMB or Hong Kong dollars HKD ). For the subsidiaries and affiliates,
whose functional currencies are the RMB or HKD, results of operations and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during
the period, assets and liabilities are translated at the unified exchange rate at the end of the period, and equity is translated at
historical exchange rates. As a result, amounts relating to assets and liabilities reported on the statements of cash flows may not necessarily
agree with the changes in the corresponding balances on the balance sheets. Translation adjustments resulting from the process of translating
the local currency financial statements into U.S. dollars are included in determining comprehensive loss. 

The Company did not enter into any material transaction
in foreign currencies. Transaction gains or losses have not had, and are not expected to have, a material effect on the results of operations
of the Company. 

Translation of amounts from RMB and HKD into
US has been made at the following exchange rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Year-end RMB:US exchange rate 
 6.8973 
 6.3588 
 
 Year average RMB:US exchange rate 
 6.4763 
 6.4499 
 
 Year-end HK :US exchange rate 
 7.8078 
 7.7971 
 
 Year average HK :US exchange rate 
 7.8000 
 7.8000 

Loss per share of common stock 

ASC Topic 260 Earnings per Share, 
requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share EPS with a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator
of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. Basic EPS excludes dilution. Diluted EPS
reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into
common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the earnings of the entity. 

Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing
net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted
net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents
and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during each period. The Company did not have any common stock equivalents or potentially
dilutive common stock outstanding during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In a period in which the Company has a net loss,
all potentially dilutive securities are excluded from the computation of diluted shares outstanding as they would have had an anti-dilutive
impact. 

The following table presents a reconciliation
of basic and diluted net loss per share: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net loss for basic and diluted attributable to common shareholders 
 (4,154,230 
 (3,887,955 

Weighted average common stock outstanding basic and diluted 
 303,277,856 
 220,962,339 

Net loss per share of common stock basic and diluted 
 (0.01 
 (0.02 

F- 12 

Comprehensive loss 

Comprehensive loss is comprised of net loss and
all changes to the statements of stockholders equity, except those due to investments by stockholders, changes in paid-in capital
and distributions to stockholders. For the Company, comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included net loss
and unrealized (loss) gain from foreign currency translation adjustments. 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock-based compensation is accounted for based
on the requirements of the Share-Based Payment topic of ASC Topic 718, which requires recognition in the financial statements of the
cost of employee and director services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments over the vesting period or immediately
if fully vested and non-forfeitable. The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB also requires measurement of the cost
of employee and director services received in exchange for an award based on the grant-date fair value of the award. 

Related parties 

The Company follows the ASC Topic 850-10, Related
Party Disclosures for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. 

Pursuant to section 850-10-20 the related parties
include a) affiliates of the Company; b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election
of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of section 825-10-15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the
investing entity; c) trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and Income-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the
trusteeship of management; d) principal owners of the Company; e) management of the Company; f) other parties with which the Company
may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one
of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g) other parties that can significantly
influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting
parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully
pursuing its own separate interests. 

The consolidated financial statements shall include
disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items
in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated or combined
financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a) the nature of the relationship(s) involved;
b) a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods
for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions
on the financial statements; c) the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented
and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d) amount due
from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. 

Commitments and contingencies 

The Company follows ASC Topic 450-20, Contingencies 
 to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may
result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses
such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related
to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or un-asserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates
the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or un-asserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or
expected to be sought therein. 

If the assessment of a contingency indicates
that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability
would be accrued in the Company s consolidated financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss
contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability,
and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. 

F- 13 

Loss contingencies considered remote are generally
not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not believe, based upon
information available at this time that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position,
results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company s
business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. 

Reclassification 

Certain reclassifications have been made in prior
year s consolidated financial statements to conform to the current year s financial presentation. The reclassifications have
no effect on previously reported net income (loss) and related to the reclassification of discontinued operations. 

Fair value of financial instruments 

The Company adopted the guidance of ASC Topic
820 for fair value measurements which clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes
a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level 1 - Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date. 

Level 2 - Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices
for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are
not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3 - Inputs are unobservable inputs which
reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability
based on the best available information. The Company did not measure these assets at fair value at December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated
balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other receivables, short-term bank loans, convertible
notes payable, note payable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, amount due to a related party and income taxes payable approximate
their fair market value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. 

ASC Topic 825-10 Financial Instruments 
allows entities to voluntarily choose to measure certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value (fair value option). The fair
value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and is irrevocable, unless a new election date occurs. If the fair value
option is elected for an instrument, unrealized gains and losses for that instrument should be reported in earnings at each subsequent
reporting date. The Company did not elect to apply the fair value option to any outstanding instruments. 

The following table presents information about
the Company s assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and indicates the fair
value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value. 

December 31, 
 Quoted 
 Prices In 
 Active 
 Markets 
 Significant 
 Other 
 Observable 
 Inputs 
 Significant 
 Other 
 Unobservable 
 Inputs 
 
 Description 
 2022 
 (Level 1) 
 (Level 2) 
 (Level 3) 
 
 Assets: 

Marketable securities,
 available-for-sale 
 2,304,693 
 2,304,693 

December 31, 

Quoted 
 Prices In 
 Active 
 Markets 

Significant 
 Other 
 Observable 
 Inputs 

Significant 
 Other 
 Unobservable 
 Inputs 

Description 
 
 2021 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Assets: 

Marketable
 securities, available-for-sale 

3,624,660 

3,624,660 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
did not have any nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements, at least
annually, on a recurring basis, nor did the Company have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 

F- 14 

Concentrations of credit risk 

The Company s operations are mainly carried
out in Hong Kong. Accordingly, the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations may be influenced by the political,
economic and legal environment in Hong Kong, and by the general state of the economies in Hong Kong. The Company s operations in
Hong Kong are subject to specific considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America. The
Company s results may be adversely affected by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary
measures, currency conversion and remittance abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. 

Financial instruments which potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and trade accounts receivable. Substantially all of the Company s
cash is maintained with state-owned banks within the PRC and Hong Kong, and none of these deposits are covered by insurance. The Company
has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any risks on its cash in bank accounts. A significant
portion of the Company s sales are credit sales which are primarily to customers whose ability to pay is dependent upon the industry
economics prevailing in these areas; however, concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivables is limited due
to generally short payment terms. The Company also performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers to help further reduce credit
risk. 

Recent accounting pronouncements 

From time to time, new accounting pronouncements
are issued by the Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB or other standard setting bodies and adopted by the Company
as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the Company believes that the impact of recently issued standards that
are not yet effective will not have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 

In August 2020, the
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and
Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). ASU 2020-06 reduces the number of accounting
models for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. The accounting model for beneficial conversion features is removed.
The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption
is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
The Company determined that this update will impact its financial statements. 

In August 2018, the
FASB issued ASU 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (ASC 820): Disclosure Framework-Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair
Value Measurement . ASU 2018-13 removes certain disclosures, modifies certain disclosures and adds additional disclosures. The ASU
is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company has evaluated that this update will not have a material impact on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

In January 2017, the
FASB issued ASU 2017-04, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (ASC 350), which simplifies the test for goodwill impairment.
The ASU is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2019. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this new standard on January 1, 2020. 

In February 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (ASC 842). In July 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-10, Codification
Improvements to Topic 842, Leases (ASU 2018- 10), which provides narrow amendments to clarify how to apply certain aspects of the new
lease standard, and ASU No. 2018-11, Leases (Topic 842)-Targeted Improvements (ASU 2018-11), which addressed implementation issues related
to the new lease standard. Under ASC 842, leases are classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern
of expense recognition in the income statement. The standard also requires disclosures to help investors and other financial statement
users better understand the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. ASU 2016-02 was effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within that reporting period. The Company adopted ASC 842 on January 1,
2019 and used the modified retrospective approach with the effective date as the date of initial application. Prior period results continue
to be presented under ASC 840 based on the accounting standards originally in effect for such periods. 

F- 15 

NOTE 4 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, property and equipment consisted
of the following: 

Useful life 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Office equipment 
 5 years 
 25,682 
 25,717 
 
 Motor vehicle 
 5 years 
 55,560 
 120,049 
 
 Yachts 
 5 years 
 587,044 
 587,845 

668,286 
 733,611 
 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 
 (399,201 
 (337,786 

269,085 
 395,825 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 127,056 and 135,561. 

NOTE 5 INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, intangible assets consisted
of the following: 

Useful life 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Apps and Virtual technology 
 3 - 5 years 
 843,581 
 843,703 
 
 Goodwill 
 infinite 
 
 - 
 
 Less: accumulated amortization 
 
 (836,130 
 (812,199 

7,451 
 31,504 

Amortization of intangible assets attributable to the next two years
is as follows: 

Year ending December 31: 
 Amount 
 
 2023 
 7,451 
 
 2024 
 - 

Amortization expense for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 24,075 and 98,149, respectively. Impairment loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted
to 0 and 27,323 respectively. 

F- 16 

NOTE 6 BANK LOANS 

Bank loans of 4,799,626 represented amount due
to one financial institution in Hong Kong that are repayable in a term of 30 years, with 360 monthly installments and interest is charged
at the annual rate of 2.5 below its best lending rate. 

Another loan of 671,344 is due to one financial
institution in Hong Kong and is repayable in a term of 10 years, with 120 monthly installments and interest charged at the annual rate
of 2.75 of its best lending rate. 

Revolving credit line of 5,251,186 is expected
to be repaid in the next twelve months and interest is charged at the rate of 1.63 per annum over the Hong Kong Dollar Best Lending
Rate. 

At December 31, 2022, the banking facilities
of the Company were secured by: 

Personal guarantee by the directors of the Company s subsidiary; 

Legal charge and rental assignment over the leasehold land and buildings
 owned by its related companies which are controlled by the major shareholder of the Company, Mr. Chan Tin Chi; and 

Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, bank loans consisted
of the following: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Mortgage loan 
 5,251,186 
 5,493,475 
 
 Line of revolving loan 
 4,799,626 
 4,913,557 
 
 100 Guarantee bank loans 
 671,344 
 - 

Total bank loans 
 10,722,156 
 10,407,032 

Reclassifying as: 

Current portion 
 5,348,761 
 5,584,788 
 
 Long-term portion (more than 12 months) 
 5,373,395 
 4,822,244 

Total bank loans 
 10,722,156 
 10,407,032 

Interest related to the bank loans was 233,522
and 206,747 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

All interests are included in interest expense
on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

F- 17 

NOTE 7 CONVERTIBLE NOTE PAYABLE 

Securities purchase agreement and related convertible note and
warrants 

Iliad Note 

On May 2, 2018, pursuant to a securities purchase
agreement, the Company closed a private placement of securities with Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. (the Investor pursuant
to which the Investor purchased a Convertible Promissory Note (the Iliad Note in the original principal amount of 900,000,
convertible into shares of common stock of the Company (the Common Stock ), upon the terms and subject to the limitations
and conditions set forth in the Iliad Note, and a two year Warrant to purchase 134,328 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of
 7.18 per share (the Warrant ). In connection with the Iliad Note, the Company paid an original issue discount of 150,000
and paid issuance costs of 45,018 which will be reflected as a debt discount and amortized over the Iliad Note term. The Iliad Note
bears interest at 10 per annum, is unsecured, and is due on the date that is fifteen months from May 2, 2018. The warrants shall expire
on the last calendar day of the month in which the second anniversary of the Issue Date occurs. 

On November 8, 2018, the Company converted an
aggregate of 27,811 and 47,189 outstanding principal and interest of the Iliad Note, respectively, into a total of 36,621 shares of
its common stock. 

On January 11, 2019, the Company converted an
aggregate of 34,103 and 15,897 outstanding principal and interest of the Iliad Note, respectively, into 266,667 shares of its common
stock. 

On April 30, 2020, the Company converted an aggregate
of 100,000 and 0 outstanding principal and interest of the Iliad Note, respectively, into 10,059 shares of its common stock. 

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the
Company converted an aggregate of 235,000 and 158,017 outstanding principal and interest of the Iliad Note, respectively, into 18,944,773
shares of its common stock. 

The Investor has the right at any time after
May 2, 2018 until the outstanding balance has been paid in full to convert all or any part of the outstanding balance into shares of
common stock of the Company at conversion price of 6.70 per share (the Lender Conversion Price ). The Lender Conversion
Price is subject to certain adjustments set forth in the Iliad Note. The conversion price for each Redemption Conversion (the Redemption
Conversion Price shall be the lesser of (a) the Lender Conversion Price, and (b) the Market Price; provided, however, in no event
shall the Redemption Conversion Price be less than 2.00 per share Conversion Price Floor unless the Company waive the
Conversion Price Floor. 

This debt instrument includes embedded components
including a put option. The Company evaluated these embedded components to determine whether they are embedded derivatives within the
scope of ASC 815 that should be separately carried at fair value. ASC 815-15-25-1 provides guidance on when an embedded component should
be separated from its host instrument and accounted for separately as a derivative. Based on this analysis, the Company believes that
the put option is clearly and closely related to the debt instrument and does not meet the definition of a derivative. Accordingly, in
connection with this Iliad Note, the Company recorded a debt discount for (a) the original issue discount of 150,000 (b) the relative
fair value of the warrants issued of 152,490 and (c) legal fees and other fees paid in connection with the Iliad Note aggregating 45,018.
There is no beneficial conversion feature on this Iliad Note. The debt discount shall be accreted on a straight line basis over the term
of this Iliad Note. 

The Company is currently in default under Iliad
Note with the outstanding balance of Iliad Note was 1,259,980 at December 31, 2021. At the date of filing, both parties have not reached
into the mutual agreement. 

Power Up 

On April 7, 2020, pursuant to a securities purchase
agreement, the Company closed a private placement of securities with Power Up Lending Group Ltd. Power Up pursuant to
which Power Up purchased a Convertible Promissory Note (the Power Up Note in the original principal amount of 83,000,
with additional tranches of up to 1,000,000 in the aggregate over the next twelve (12) months, subject to the discretion of both parties.
The Power Up Note is convertible into shares of the common stock of the Company at a price equal to 65 of the average of the two (2)
lowest trading prices for the Company s common stock during the twenty (20) trading day period ending on the latest complete trading
day prior to the conversion date. The Power Up Note bears interest at 8 per annum and is due on October 7, 2021. 

F- 18 

During the December, 2020, the Company converted
an aggregate of 127,820 and 0 outstanding principal and interest of the Power Up Note, respectively, into 8,228,775 shares of its common
stock. 

As of December 31, 2021, the Company has no outstanding
balance under the Power Up Note. 

Black Ice 

On April 14, 2020, the Company and Black Ice
Advisors, LLC Black Ice entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, whereby the Company issued a note to Black Ice
(the Black Ice Note in the original principal amount of 110,000.The Black Ice Note contains an original issue discount
of 10,000 which will be reflected as a debt discount and amortized over the Black Ice Note term. The Black Ice Note is convertible into
shares of the common stock of the Company at a price equal to 60 of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock for
the fifteen (15) prior trading days including the day upon which a Notice of Conversion is received by the Company. The Black Ice Note
bears interest at 10 per annum and is due on April 14, 2021. 

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the
Company converted an aggregate of 15,000 and 0 outstanding principal and interest of the Black Ice Note, respectively, into 987,180
shares of its common stock. 

In January 2021, the
Company converted an aggregate of 95,000 and 9,167 outstanding principal and interest of the Black Ice Note, respectively, into 12,452,413
shares of its common stock. 

In June 2021, the Company
converted an aggregate of 100,000 outstanding principal of the Black Ice Note, respectively, into 3,948,278 shares of its common stock. 

As of December 31, 2021, the Company has no outstanding
balance under the Black Ice Note. 

Pyram 

On April 9, 2021, pursuant
to a securities purchase agreement, the Company closed a private placement of securities with Pyram LC Architecture Limited. Pyram pursuant to which Pyram purchased a Convertible Promissory Note (the Pyram Note in the original principal amount of 89,744.
The Power Up Note is convertible into shares of the common stock of the Company at a price equal to 70 of the average closing prices
for the Company s common stock during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion
date. The Pyram Note bears interest at 12 per annum and is due on October 8, 2021. 

On April 28, 2021, pursuant
to a securities purchase agreement, the Company closed a private placement of securities with Pyram pursuant to which Pyram purchased
the Pyram Note in the original principal amount of 38,462. The Pyram Note is convertible into shares of the common stock of the Company
at a price equal to 70 of the average closing prices for the Company s common stock during the ten (10) trading day period ending
on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. The Pyram Note bears interest at 12 per annum and is due on October
28, 2021. 

On May 13, 2021, pursuant
to a securities purchase agreement, the Company closed a private placement of securities with Pyram pursuant to which Pyram purchased
the Pyram Note in the original principal amount of 25,641. The Power Up Note is convertible into shares of the common stock of the Company
at a price equal to 70 of the average closing prices for the Company s common stock during the ten (10) trading day period ending
on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. The Pyram Note bears interest at 12 per annum and is due on November
12, 2021. 

On June 29, 2021, pursuant
to a securities purchase agreement, the Company closed a private placement of securities with Pyram pursuant to which Pyram purchased
the Pyram Note in the original principal amount of 76,923. The Power Up Note is convertible into shares of the common stock of the Company
at a price equal to 70 of the average closing prices for the Company s common stock during the ten (10) trading day period ending
on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. The Pyram Note bears interest at 12 per annum and is due on December
28, 2021. 

On July 29, 2021, the Company and Pyram entered
into a Note Purchase Agreement, whereby the Company issued a note to Pyram (the Pyram Note in the principal amount of
 102,565. The Pyram Note is a convertible into shares of the common stock of the Company at a price equal to 70 of the average closing
prices for the Company s common stock during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to
the conversion date. The Pyram Note bears interest at 12 per annum and is due on January 28, 2022. 

On August 26, 2021,
the Company and Pyram entered into a Note Purchase Agreement, whereby the Company issued a note to Pyram (the Pyram Note in the principal amount of 74,359. The Pyram Note is a convertible into shares of the common stock of the Company at a price equal to
70 of the average closing prices for the Company s common stock during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the latest complete
trading day prior to the conversion date. The Pyram Note bears interest at 12 per annum and is due on February 25, 2022. 

F- 19 

On September 20, 2021,
the Company and Pyram entered into a Note Purchase Agreement, whereby the Company issued a note to Pyram (the Pyram Note in the principal amount of 128,206. The Pyram Note is a convertible into shares of the common stock of the Company at a price equal
to 70 of the average closing prices for the Company s common stock during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the latest
complete trading day prior to the conversion date. . The Pyram Note bears interest at 12 per annum and is due on March 19, 2022. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, convertible debt
consisted of the following: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Principal 
 922,847 
 1,113,830 
 
 Unamortized discount 
 - 
 - 
 
 Convertible debt, net 
 922,847 
 1,113,830 

The amortization of
discount was 0 and 2,821 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, accrued interest amounted to 969,237and 905,046, respectively. 

NOTE 8 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Due to related parties 

From time to time, during 2022 and 2021, the
Company receive advances from Chan Tin Chi Family Company Limited (formerly known as YSK 1860 Co., Limited), who is the major shareholder
of the Company for working capital purposes. These advances are non-interest bearing and are payable on demand. During the years ended
December 31, 2022, the Company repaid to Chan Tin Chi Family Company Limited for working capital totaled 196,107. During the years ended
December 31, 2021, the Company repaid to Chan Tin Chi Family Company Limited for working capital totaled 618,151. During the years ended
December 31, 2019, the Company repaid to Chan Tin Chi Family Company Limited for working capital totaled 228,393. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, amounts due to Chan Tin Chi Family Company Limited amounted to 2,239,613 and 2,435,720, respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts due
to related companies amounted to 1,783,894 and 1,212,845, respectively. 

The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and
have no fixed terms of repayment. 

NOTE 9 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred Stock 

The Company has authorized
50,000,000 shares of preferred stock Series A, with a par value of 0.001 per share. 

The Company issued 531,600 shares
of preferred stock Series A to a consultant for corporate consultancy services rendered. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company
recorded service fee to the consultant at the price of 0.38 per share, in an aggregate amount of 202,008. 

The Company issued 2,658,000 shares
of preferred stock Series A to a consultant for the business services rendered. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded
service fee to the consultant at the price of 0.38 per share, in an aggregate amount of 1,010,040. 

The Company cancelled 3,189,600 shares
of preferred stock Series A to consultants for the business services rendered. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded
cancellation at the price of 0.001 per share, in an aggregate amount of 3,190. 

As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company has 0 share and 3,189,600 shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

F- 20 

Common Stock 

The Company has authorized
7,400,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of 0.001 per share. 

Preferred stock issued for services and
acquisition of a non-wholly owned subsidiary 

During the year ended
December 31, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of 531,600 shares of preferred stock to one consultant and vendors for the services
rendered and to be rendered. These shares were valued at the fair market value on the grant date using the reported closing share price
on the date of grant. At the end of each financial reporting period prior to issuance of these shares, the fair value of these shares
is measured using the fair value of the Company s preferred stock at reporting date. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the
fair value of the above mentioned shares issued and the change in value of the shares to be issued was 202,008. The Company recognizes
stock-based professional fees over the period during which the services are rendered by such consultant or vendor. For the year ended
December 31, 2020, the Company recorded stock-based consulting and service fees to service provider of 202,008. In connection with the
issuance/future issuance of shares to consultants and vendors, the Company recorded prepaid expenses of 0 which will be amortized over
the remaining service period. 

Common stock issued for services 

During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company completed the following transactions - 

the Company issued an aggregate of 9,187,406 shares of common stock
 to the Board of Directors and Advisory Committee members for the services rendered, at the price of 0.06 per share. For the year
 ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded stock-based service fee of 551,244. 

the Company issued 18,500,000 shares of common stock to certain consultants
 for the business consultancy services rendered under 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
 recorded stock-based service fee to the consultants at the price of 0.04 per share, in an aggregate amount of 740,000. 

the Company issued 6,747,638 shares of common stock to certain consultants
 for the consultancy services rendered. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded service fee to the consultants
 at the price of 0.038 per share, in an aggregate amount of 256,410. 

the Company issued 625,000 shares of common stock to certain consultants
 for the consultancy services rendered. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded service fee to the consultants
 at the price of 0.04 per share, in an aggregate amount of 25,000. 

the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to certain consultants
 for the consultancy services rendered. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded service fee to the consultants
 at the price of 0.03 per share, in an aggregate amount of 30,000. 

the Company issued 13,935,337 shares of common stock to the vendor
 for the business marketing services rendered. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded service fee to the vendor
 at the price of 0.043 per share, in an aggregate amount of 599,220. 

Common stock issued for debt conversion 

In January 2021, the
Company issued 12,452,413 shares of its common stock upon conversion of debt (note 5). 

In June 2021, the Company
issued 3,948,278 shares of its common stock upon conversion of debt (note 5). 

As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company has 429,883,971 shares and 239,278,847 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

F- 21 

NOTE 10 CONCENTRATIONS 

Customers 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there are no customers representing more than 10 of the Company s revenue. 

Suppliers 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there are no vendors representing more than 10 of the Company s purchase. 

NOTE 11 COMMITMENT AND CONTINGENCIES 

Litigation 

On April 25, 2019, ECPower (HK) Company Limited EC Power ), a subsidiary of SEII, filed a claim against The Dairy Farm Limited Dairy Farm in respect of
the cooperation agreement between the two parties for the battery rental business at 7-Eleven outlets in Hong Kong during the period
from September 2017 to February 2018. The claim is for a total compensation of HK 1,395,000 (approximately 178,846) which comprises
of (i) HK 45,000 (approximately 5,769) as compensation for interest and administration cost incurred as a result of Dairy Farm s
delay in payment of EC Power s share of the rental income, and (ii) HK 1,350,000 (approximately 173,077) as compensation for Dairy
Farm s early termination of the cooperation agreement without any valid proof of fault on the part of EC Power. 

Legal proceedings: 

On June 10, 2020, the Company s subsidiary,
Ecrent Worldwide Company Limited Ecrent Worldwide ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Universal Sharing Limited (formerly known
as Ecrent Holdings Limited), received a writ of summon (the Summon issued by Messrs Wilkinson Grist on behalf
of Mr. Michael Andrew BERMAN and Mr. Eric Hans ISRAEL, who were the former Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Ecrent
(America) Company Limited Ecrent America and Ecrent (USA) Company Limited Ecrent USA ). Both Ecrent America
and Ecrent USA were the former subsidiaries of Universal Sharing Limited. On the same day, the Summon also delivered to Mr. Chan Tin
Chi, the major shareholder of SEII and his spouse, Ms. Deborah Yuen Wai Ming. Pursuant to the US Judgement dated on September 25, 2019
issued by the Supreme Court of the State of New York County of Nassau, the Summon demands Ecrent Worldwide, Mr. Chan Tin Chi, and Ms.
Deborah Yuen Wai Ming to fully settle an amount of approximately 241,706 and 103,841 to Mr. Berman and Mr. Israel, respectively representing
the unpaid salary, benefits, expenses and incentive bonus. SEII intends to dispute these proceedings that the US Judgement is not enforceable
under the Hong Kong jurisdiction. 

In accordance with applicable accounting guidance,
the Company records accruals for certain of its outstanding legal proceedings, investigations or claims when it is probable that a liability
will be incurred, and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company evaluates, on a quarterly basis, developments in legal
proceedings, investigations or claims that could affect the amount of any accrual, as well as any developments that would make a loss
contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. The Company discloses the amount of the accrual if the financial statements would
be otherwise misleading. 

When a loss contingency
is not both probable and estimable, the Company does not establish an accrued liability. However, if the loss (or an additional loss
in excess of the accrual) is at least a reasonable possibility and material, then the Company discloses an estimate of the possible loss
or range of loss, if such estimate can be made or discloses that an estimate cannot be made. 

NOTE 12 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

In accordance with ASC
Topic 855, Subsequent Events , which establishes general standards of accounting for and disclosure of events that occur
after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued, the Company has evaluated all events or transactions that occurred
after December 31, 2022, up through March 31, 2023, the Company issued the audited consolidated financial statements. 

On January 13, 2022, January 19, 2022, January
20, 2022, January 21, 2022 and January 26, 2022, the Company and Pyram LC Architecture Limited Pyram entered into Note
Purchase Agreements, whereby the Company issued a note to Pyram (the Pyram Note in the principal amount of 10,385, 23,603,
 25,000, 19,232 and 58,333, respectively. The Pyram Note is a convertible into shares of the common stock of the Company at a price
equal to 70 of the average closing prices for the Company s common stock during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the
latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. 

F- 22 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As required by Rule
13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our management, including Chan Che Chung Anthony, our chief executive officer, and Lam Ka Man, our chief
financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31,
2022. 

Disclosure controls
and procedures refer to controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we
file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating
our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in
evaluating and implementing possible controls and procedures. 

Management conducted
its evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures under the supervision of our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer.
Based on that evaluation, Mr. Chan and Ms. Lam concluded that, because our internal controls over financial reporting are not effective,
as described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Securities Exchange Act. Our management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ). Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework. During our assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, management
identified significant deficiencies related to (i) the U.S. GAAP expertise of our internal accounting staff and chief financial officer,
(ii) our internal audit functions and (iii) a lack of segregation of duties within accounting functions. Although management believes
that these deficiencies do not amount to a material weakness, our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective at December
31, 2022. 

Due to our size and
nature, particularly in view of the reduced scope of our operations, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible
and may not be economically feasible, and we continue to rely on third parties for a significant portion of the preparation of our financial
statements. As a result, we have not been able to take steps to improve our internal controls over financial reporting during the year
ended December 31, 2022. However, to the extent possible, we will implement procedures to assure that the initiation of transactions,
the custody of assets and the recording of transactions will be performed by separate individuals. 

36 

A material weakness
(within the meaning of PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 5) is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal
control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible
for oversight of the company s financial reporting. 

In light of these material weaknesses, we performed
additional analyses and procedures in order to conclude that our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were fairly stated in accordance with the U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that
despite our material weaknesses, our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 are fairly stated, in all
material respects, in accordance with the U.S. GAAP. 

Auditor Attestation 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report
was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that
permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes (including corrective actions
with regard to significant deficiencies or material weaknesses) in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during
the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

37 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCES 

Our current directors and executive officers
are: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Chan Che Chung Anthony 
 
 50 
 
 Chief executive officer, chairman and director 
 
 Lam Ka Man 
 
 41 
 
 Chief financial officer 
 
 Ping Kee Lau 
 
 72 
 
 Director 
 
 Cheng Wai Yin 2,3 
 
 28 
 
 Director 
 
 Shao Yuan Guo 1,2,3 
 
 64 
 
 Director 
 
 Lo Yu Ming 1,2,3 
 
 61 
 
 Director 

1 
 Member of the audit committee. 

2 
 Member of the compensation committee. 

3 
 Member of the corporate governance/ nominating committee. 

Che Chung Anthony Chan has over
20 year experience in sales and general management. Previously, he was the managing director of Nibou Transmission Machinery Co., Ltd
(Hong King China). He has a Master Business Administration degree from the University of Wales. We believe Anthony Chan has relevant
sales and management experience which is useful for the development of our business in Hong Kong. 

Lam Ka Man has served as our Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer since December 3, 2019. She has over 20 years experience in accounting and general management.
She has previously acted as an internal auditor of manufacturing factories in Hong Kong and China. We believe Lam Ka Man has relevant
accounting and management experience which is useful for the development our business in Hong Kong China. Lam Ka Man s background
an internal auditor led to our conclusion that she should be serving as our Chief Financial Officer, in light of our business and structure. 

Ping Kee Lau has been our Executive
Director since March 2017, has been a director of Golden Creation Enterprise Limited since late 2014 and a director of Y.R.P. Investment
Limited since 2013, both of which are investment entities. For more than two years prior thereto, Mr. Lau was a consultant to Y.R.P.
Investment Limited. Mr. Lau received a B.A. in history from Chu Hai College in Hong Kong and his M.A. in philosophy for Ecole Pratique
des Hautes Edudes in Paris. Mr. Lau s experience with investment entities is important to us. We nominated Mr. Lau as a director
because we believe that his experience as a director and in investment is important for the Company as we continue to grow and develop
our business. 

Cho Fu Li has over ten years of
experience in auditing, accounting and banking, and is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a fellow
member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. We nominated Mr. Li as a director because we believe that his accounting
and finance experience is important to improve our financial accounting controls. 

Shao Yuan Guo has served as a director
since December 3, 2019, and has over 10 years of experience in banking and financial services with Industrial and Commercial Bank of
China and The People s Bank of China in China. He has over 20 years of management experience in the weaving and garment manufacturing
industries. We nominated Mr. Guo as a director because we believe his investment and management experience in China is important for
the future development of the Company in the market. 

38 

Lo Yu Ming has the management experience
for more than 28 years and have been the director of human resources management in Greater China in major multinational companies over
20 years. Dr. Lo not only graduated a bachelor of arts degree, but also the master of business administration, a bachelor of Law, a master
of law in China, and a doctorate in business administration. He is a senior professional trainer and has provided training and consulting
service for major multinational companies, such as Hong Kong Government, Nokia, ING Insurance, Fedex, Thomason Multimedia, Duracell,
Schrinder, Hong Kong Management Association (HKMA), San Miguel, etc. 

Our directors are elected for a term of one (1) year and until their successors are elected and qualified. 

Committees 

Our business, property
and affairs are managed by or under the direction of the board of directors. Members of the board are kept informed of our business through
discussion with the chief executive and financial officers and other officers, by reviewing materials provided to them and by participating
at meetings of the board and its committees. 

Our board of directors
has three committees - the audit committee, the compensation committee and the corporate governance/nominating committee. The audit committee
is comprised of Mr. Shao and Mr. Lo, with Ms. Lo serving as Chairman. The compensation committee is comprised of Mr. Shao, Mr. Lo and
Mr. Cheng, with Mr. Shao serving as Chairman. The corporate governance/nominating committee is comprised of Mr. Shao, Mr. Lo and Mr.
Cheng, with Mr. Cheng serving as Chairman. Our Plan is administered by the compensation committee. 

Our audit committee
is involved in discussions with our independent auditor with respect to the scope and results of our year-end audit, our quarterly results
of operations, our internal accounting controls and the professional services furnished by the independent auditor. Our board of directors
has adopted a written charter for the audit committee which the audit committee reviews and reassesses for adequacy on an annual basis. 

The compensation committee
oversees the compensation of our chief executive officer and our other executive officers and reviews our overall compensation policies
for employees generally. If so authorized by the board of directors, the committee may also serve as the granting and administrative
committee under any option or other equity-based compensation plans which we may adopt. The compensation committee does not delegate
its authority to fix compensation; however, as to officers who report to the chief executive officer, the compensation committee consults
with the chief executive officer, who may make recommendations to the compensation committee. Any recommendations by the chief executive
officer are accompanied by an analysis of the basis for the recommendations. The committee will also discuss compensation policies for
employees who are not officers with the chief executive officer and other responsible officers. The compensation committee has the responsibilities
and authority relating to the retention, compensation, oversight and funding of compensation consultants, legal counsel and other compensation
advisers, as well as the requirement to consider six independence factors before selecting, or receiving advice from, such advisers. 

The corporate governance/nominating
committee is involved in evaluating the desirability of and recommending to the board any changes in the size and composition of the
board, evaluation of and successor planning for the chief executive officer and other executive officers. The qualifications of any candidate
for director will be subject to the same extensive general and specific criteria applicable to director candidates generally. 

The board and its committees
held the following number of meetings during 2022: 

Board of directors 
 4 
 
 Audit committee 
 4 
 
 Compensation committee 
 1 
 
 Nomination committee 
 1 

The meetings include
meetings that were held by means of a conference telephone call, but do not include actions taken by unanimous written consent. 

Each director attended
at least 75 of the total number of meetings of the board and those committees on which he served during the year. 

Our non-management directors
had no meetings during 2022. 

39 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

Aside from his service as director, no member of our compensation
committee had any relationship with us as of December 31, 2022. 

Section 16(a) Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, requires our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock to file with the SEC initial
reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other of our equity securities. No officer or director was
delinquent in filing reports pursuant to Section 16(a). 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The following summary compensation table indicates
the cash and non-cash compensation earned during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by each person who served as chief executive
officer and chief financial officer during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. No other executive officer received compensation
equal or exceeding 100,000. 

Summary Annual Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Chan Pak Hei Jefferson 
 2022 
 
 0 
 0 
 0 

chief executive officer, chairman (1) 
 2021 
 54,487 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 54,487 

Lam Ka Man 
 2022 
 23,077 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 23,077 
 
 chief financial officer 
 2021 
 23,077 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 23,077 

Chan Che Chung Anthony 
 2022 
 
 0 
 0 
 0 

chief executive officer, chairman (1) 
 2021 
 128,205 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 128,205 

(1) 
 Mr. Chan has been served as our chief executive officer and chairman
 since April 14, 2022. 

(2) 
 Mr. Chan has been resigned as our chief executive officer and chairman
 since April 14, 2022. 

Compensation of Directors 

We do not have any agreements or formal plan
for compensating our current directors for their service in their capacity as directors, although our board may, in the future, award
stock options to purchase shares of common stock to our current directors. 

The following table provides information concerning
the compensation of each member of our board of directors whose compensation is not included in the Summary Compensation Table for his
or her services as a director and committee member for 2022. The value attributable to any stock grants is computed in accordance with
ASC Topic 718. 

Name 
 Fees earned or paid in cash ) 
 Stock awards ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Chan Pak Hei Jefferson (1) 
 54,487 
 - 
 54,487 
 
 Shao Yuan Guo 
 27,692 
 - 
 27,692 
 
 Cheng Wai Yin 
 27,692 
 
 27,692 
 
 Bautista Michael Bibat 
 27,692 
 - 
 27,692 

(1) 
 Been a director since April 14, 2022 

40 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table provides information as to
shares of common stock beneficially owned as of the filing date of this report, by: 

each current director; 

each current officer named in the summary compensation
 table; 

each person owning of record or known by us,
 based on information provided to us by the persons named below, to own beneficially at least 5 of our common stock; and 

all current directors and executive officers
 as a group. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 of Class 

Chan Che Chung Anthony 
 2,136,752 
 0.50 
 
 Chan Pak Hei Jefferson 
 29,730,307 
 6.92 
 
 Lam Ka Man 
 100 
 0.00 
 
 Ping Kee Lau 
 1,068,756 
 0.25 
 
 Shao Yuan Guo 
 854,701 
 0.20 
 
 Cheng Wai Yin 
 854,701 
 0.20 
 
 All current officers and directors as a group 
 34,645,317 
 8.06 
 
 ECinteract Company Limited 
 43,368,894 
 10.09 
 
 Chan Tin Chi Family Company Limited (1)(2) 
 93,585,201 
 21.77 
 
 Total 
 171,599,412 
 39.92 

less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Address is Redhill Peninsula, House 74 Cedar Drive, Tai
 Tam, Hong Kong 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors
has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director concerning his background,
employment and affiliations, our board of directors has determined that one of our two directors or director nominees is independent,
and does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director and that this director is independent as that term is defined under the listing standards of NASDAQ. In making
such determination, our board of directors considered the relationship that such non-employee director has with us and all other facts
and circumstances that our board of directors deemed relevant in determining his independence, including the beneficial ownership of
our capital stock by each non-employee director. 

41 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

The following table shows the fees paid or accrued by us for the audit
and other services provided for the fiscal periods shown. 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 Category 
 2022 
 2021 

Olayinka Oyebola Co. 

Audit Fees 
 58,500 
 - 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

BF Borgers: 

Audit Fees 
 - 
 32,400 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 - 
 16,200 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 

- 
 48,600 

Audit fees. Consists of fees billed for
the audit of our annual financial statements, review of our Form 10-K, review of our interim financial statements included in our Form
10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with year-end statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-related fees. Consists of fees billed
for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees , review of our Forms 8-K filings and services that are normally provided
by the accountant in connection with non-year-end statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Tax fees. Consists of professional services
rendered by a company aligned with our principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

Other fees. The services provided by our
accountants within this category consisted of advice and other services relating to SEC matters, registration statement review, accounting
issues and client conferences. 

Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval
of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

The audit committee s policy is to pre-approve
all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. These services may include
audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. The independent registered public accounting firm and management
are required to periodically report to the audit committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public
accounting firm in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. The audit committee may also pre-approve
particular services on a case-by-case basis. All services have been pre-approved by the audit committee. 

42 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

ITEM 16. 10-K SUMMARY 

As permitted, the registrant has elected not
to supply a summary of information required by Form 10-K. 

43 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: April 20, 2023 
 SHARING ECONOMY INTERNATIONAL INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Chan Pak Hei Jefferson 

Chan Pak Hei Jefferson, 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities on the dates
indicated. Each person whose signature appears below hereby authorizes Chan Che Chung Anthony as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact
and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Chan Pak Hei Jefferson 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 April 20, 2023 
 
 Chan Pak Hei Jefferson 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Lam Ka Man 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 20, 2023 
 
 Lam Ka Man 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Bautista Michael Bibat 
 
 Director 
 
 April 20, 2023 
 
 Bautista Michael Bibat 

/s/ Shao Yuan Guo 
 
 Director 
 
 April 20, 2023 
 
 Shao Yuan Guo 

/s/ Cheng Wai Yin 
 
 Director 
 
 April 20, 2023 
 
 Cheng Wai Yin 

44 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_sharingeco.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Chan Pak Hei Jefferson, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sharing Economy International Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(f) and 15d-15 (f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being
prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Chan Pak Hei Jefferson 

Chan Pak Hei Jefferson 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_sharingeco.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ka Man Lam, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sharing
Economy International Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(f) and 15d-15 (f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being
prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ka Man Lam 

Ka Man Lam 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_sharingeco.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1370, AS 
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection
with the Annual Report of Sharing Economy International Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Anthony Che Chung Chan, chief
executive officer of the Company, and Ka Man Lam, chief financial officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Chan Pak Hei Jefferson 

Chan Pak Hei Jefferson 
Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: April 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ka Man Lam 

Ka Man Lam 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

A signed
original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the
signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will
be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

