<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230628_10-K_edgar_data_1307624_0001262463-23-000045.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3861806</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>145263</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>850564</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>831618</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>897877</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1062522</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001262463-23-000045.hdr.sgml : 20230628
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230627175335
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001262463-23-000045
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230628
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230627

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Healthtech Solutions, Inc./UT
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001307624
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				842528660
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			UT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51012
		FILM NUMBER:		231048686

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		181 DANTE AVENUE
		CITY:			TUCKAHOE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10707
		BUSINESS PHONE:		844-926-3399

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		181 DANTE AVENUE
		CITY:			TUCKAHOE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10707

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HYB Holding Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200319

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XINYINHAI TECHNOLOGY, LTD.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IRON STAR DEVELOPMENT, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001262463-23-000045.txt : 20230628

10-K
 1
 hlttf10k12312022.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 _____________________ 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer I.D. No.) 

,
 , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

Issuer s Telephone Number: - 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 None 
 None 
 Not Applicable 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 406 of the Securities Act. Yes __ 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes __ 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. No __ 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files.) No___ 

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant
to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.
Yes _ No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company. or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check One) 

 Large accelerated filer__Accelerated
filer__ __Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes __ 

 As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the most recently
completed second fiscal quarter) the aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates was . 

 As of June 26, 2023, there were 
shares of common stock outstanding. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 
None 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS: NO ASSURANCES INTENDED 

This Annual Report contains certain forward-looking
statements regarding Healthtech Solutions, Inc., its business and financial prospects. All statements that address events or developments
that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future are forward-looking statements. These statements represent Management s best
estimate of what will happen. Nevertheless, there are numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ dramatically
from the results suggested in this Report, including the contingencies described in this Report under Item 1A titled Risk Factors . 

 Because these and other risks may cause the
Company s actual results to differ from those anticipated by Management, the reader should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements that appear in this Report. 

 PART 1 

Item 1. Business 

 Overview 

 Healthtech Solution Inc. Healthtech 
or the Company is a life sciences company dedicated to building impactful solutions for people and the healthcare system.
Our business plan points toward the integration of complementary products and service lines, with the goal of maximizing the potential
market for products and services offered by our subsidiaries. 

 At year-end 2022, there were five operating
subsidiaries in the Healthtech family: Healthtech Wound Care, Inc. HWC ), Cellsure, LLC Cellsure ), The Clia
Lab, LLC The Clia Lab ), Medi-Scan Inc. MediScan ), and RevHeart Inc. RevHeart ). In January
we added an important fifth with our acquisition of a majority interest in World Reach Holdings, LLC WR Holdings ), along
with its affiliated subsidiaries, including, World Reach Health, LLC WR Health ), an established distributor of medical
products and services that will provide product and service distribution capacity for our other subsidiaries as well as contribute additional
product lines. We intend to complete further transactions that will build synergies across the organization, creating a diverse portfolio
of assets that still allows us to leverage skillsets and costs among our first partners. 

 Our Portfolio Subsidiaries 

 Healthtech Wound Care, Inc. 

 In January 2022, Healthtech Wound Care, Inc. HWC acquired a bundle of assets, including intellectual property, related to the business of developing novel wound care
products for acute and chronic wounds. HWC has used those assets as the foundation for HWC s program of identifying and developing
a pipeline of human cell and tissue product (HCT/Ps) candidates that we believe have novel mechanisms of action and immediate clinical
potential in accordance with applicable federal regulations. 

1 

Included among the assets acquired by HWC was a placental membrane
allograft designed to act as a covering or barrier for the protection of burns and non-healing wounds such as diabetic foot ulcers. After
further development, HWC introduced this product to the market in September, and now markets it in several states under the trademark
 DermaBind . The product is provided in multiple sizes to be applied directly to clean, debrided wounds
where bacterial burden and offloading have been addressed. The base material for the allograft 
is collected from live, healthy, births from appropriately screened donors. The collected placental tissue is washed, dehydrated, cut,
packaged, and sterilized for commercial distribution. DermaBind is processed
in compliance with US CFR Title 21 Part 1271 and Section 361 of the Public Health Service Act and regulated as a human cell and tissue
product. HWC applied for and was granted a Q-code by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid. A provisional
patent covering the manufacturing steps and clinical uses for DermaBind was filed in September, 2021. 

 Increasing numbers of patients with chronic
and acute wounds are resulting in a growing demand for wound care products globally. An estimated 2.5 of the U.S. population suffers
from chronic wounds, including diabetic foot ulcers, pressure ulcers, and others. As a result, the adoption rate of wound care products,
including traditional therapies, bioactive therapies (including skin substitutes and growth factors) and others, is increasing. Technological
advancements in bioactive therapies, such as reduction in overall duration and cost of treatment, have further attracted the patient population
to these products. The global wound care market is projected to grow from USD 18.51 billion in 2022 to USD 28.23 billion by 2029, exhibiting
a CAGR of 6.2 during the forecast period. 

 HWC intends to further elucidate the efficacy mechanism
of action of DermaBind in a clinical study in which DermaBind (in addition to standard of care) is compared
to a commercially available product and standard of care alone. DermaBind , along with standard of care, is expected to
significantly reduce treatment times of patients when compared to standard of care alone. 

The Wound Care Market and
Placental Tissue 

Skin conditions, which include but are not limited
to wounds, can be devastating to patients. There are an estimated 500,000 burns treated in the United States each year, and globally
this statistic increases to 11 million injuries per year. The overall mortality rate for burn injury has been estimated to have been
4.9 between 1998-2007 and medical costs for burn treatments approach 2 billion per year. In addition, chronic wounds constitute a large
patient base and healing rates remain below 50 . These non-healing chronic wounds are estimated to affect 7 million people in the United
States. Patients who suffer from these skin conditions can benefit from rapid treatments that result in at least protection of the wounds. 

Diabetic
foot ulcers (DFUs) are a major health complication that will affect up to 15 of individuals with diabetes
mellitus over their lifetime. The treatment of DFUs is an extremely challenging scenario, as these ulcers may be recalcitrant
to SOC treatments, thus increasing the risk of infection and sequelae such as amputations. It is
estimated that approximately 15 of all DFUs will result in a lower extremity amputation and develop concomitant medical complications
that are associated with increased mortality rates. 

2 

DFUs not
only have a detrimental effect on a patient s quality of life, but also pose a significant burden on healthcare facilities and
the public and/or private payers who support these facilities. Waycaster et al. noted a recent economic evaluation of Medicare beneficiaries
which concluded that the United States spent 32B USD in 2014 on 8.2 million patients. This equates to approximately 4,000 USD per patient. 

Human
amniotic membrane has been used in the treatment of wounds since the early 20th century. Numerous potential applications of this tissue
have been investigated since then. S tudies have demonstrated that amniotic membranes have
anti-inflammatory effects, are antimicrobial, demonstrate anti-scarring, maintain an anti-adhesive activity, are non-immunogenic with
low antigenicity, have analgesic properties, and promote re- epithelialization. One noted application is for use in patients with DFUs.
A recent systematic review and meta-analysis by Laurent et al. concluded that [h]uman amnion/chorion membrane + standard of care
treatment heals DFUs significantly faster than standard of care alone. 

Facilities for Wound Care Operations 

HWC s laboratory facility is registered with
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA as a Human Cell and Tissue Establishment, FDA Establishment Identifier (FEI):
3012707547. The facility includes two (2) ISO Class 7 cleanrooms containing twelve (12) ISO Class 5 Biological Safety Cabinets. The equipment
and facilities are inspected and validated semiannually by independent contractors to ensure that all are functioning correctly. PBI s
facility conforms to current Good Tissue Practices (21 CFR 1271.150), current Good Manufacturing Practices and is ISO 13485 certified.
These facilities are used in manufacturing DermaBind and will be used in manufacturing other products for commercial use and for
experimental use in Investigational New Drug Applications. 

The Clia Lab, Inc. 

In the second half of 2022, Healthtech, in concert
with World Reach Health, established an FDA-licensed CLIA laboratory that we named The CLIA Lab. This facility is housed
at the University of Utah technology campus in Salt Lake City. In January 2023, in connection with Healthtech s acquisition of a
majority interest in WR Holdings, we acquired 100 of the equity in The Clia Lab, Inc. 

 The Clia Lab is a certified diagnostic laboratory,
which is dedicated to aiding healthcare providers to screen for and monitor specific diseases. The Clia Lab is focused on customer satisfaction,
creating tailored programs that suit the individual and complex needs of the healthcare providers, all while delivering accurate, reliable
and timely patient test results, no matter where the test is administered. 

 The Clia Lab performs tests on clinical specimens
to obtain information about the health of a patient via aiding in diagnosis, treatment and prevention of diseases. The CLIA Lab is licensed
to perform a multitude of tests, including, without limitation, Covid-19, Flu, RPP Viral Pathogens, Bacterial Pathogens, UTI Wound,
STI, Vaginitis and Fungal. WR Health, during the height of the Covid-19 pandemic, was a leading distributor of a number of these tests
and sold them to other similar diagnostic laboratories, and continues to expand its portfolio of diagnostic products. The Clia Lab will
provide a new revenue stream for both Healthtech and WR Health, as well as a market advantage for HWC s wound care products. We
expect to offer bundle packages to our wound care providers, which will include both the clinical test required prior to a wound care
treatment as well as the wound care allograft that HWC manufactures. 

3 

World Reach Health, LLC 

 Jelena Olmstead and
Jim Pesoli, each of whom has extensive experience in the healthcare industry, organized WR Health in 2020 to function as a full-suite
healthcare solutions provider with specialties in diagnostics, wound care, orthotics, corporate wellbeing programming, and, during the
height of the pandemic, COVID-19 solutions (testing and PPE), and more. WR Health is a boutique healthcare distribution company that represents
patented, FDA-approved, CE-approved medical products, devices and technology solutions to B2B and B2C consumers in government, public
and private sectors. In the subsequent three years, WR Health served a wide range of customers and industries requiring bulk ordering.
WR Health clients have included small businesses, municipal and government entities, and Fortune 500 companies. WR Health is a USFCR verified
vendor: DUNS No.: 117771172 and CAGE Code: 8T6J5. 

 In addition to its core products, during
the COVID-19 pandemic, WR Health focused on supplying high-quality PPE products
made in the USA and also internationally sourced. Its PPE products include N95 masks, 3ply masks, nitrile gloves, isolation gowns, face
shields, disinfectant wipes, Covid testing kits, head and shoe covers and disinfecting stations. Unlike many competitors who rushed into
this market with partial solutions, WR Health assumed responsibility for a full-service solution to the emergency requirements of its
customers, assisting with custom-tailored product sourcing, logistics, financing, and other services
to ease the PPE crisis experienced by federal, state and private customers alike. 

 The addition of WR Health to the Healthtech
community will provide Healthtech an in-house vehicle for distributing the products and services offered by Healthtech s other subsidiaries,
including HWC (for which WR Health served as exclusive distributor during 2022) and The Clia Lab. WR Health also expands Healthtech s
product line, as it brings ongoing contracts to distribute a number of products, including: 

Endura-KT, a non-opiate surgical block for which WRH is one of four national distributors; 

MY GEL, a neuropathy pain gel, for which WR Health is exclusive distributor; 

Diagnostic kits, including some of the leading COVID-19 diagnostic tests, manufactured by AccessBio and Phase Scientific; 

Postday One-Step emergency contraceptive; 

Oncotech s patented LECS catheter stabilizer; and 

Better Air, which provides an organic probiotic air purification solutions. 

 In connection with Healthtech s acquisition
of the majority interest in WR Holdings, Jelena Olmstead and Jim Pesoli each joined Healthtech management: Ms. Olmstead as CEO and Mr.
Pesoli as Senior Vice President and a member of the Board of Directors. The merger of their talents and experience into our management
is emblematic of the significant role that we expect WR Health to play in the implementation of the Healthtech business plan, allowing
us to control the fate of our product ideas from conception to delivery. 

4 

MediScan, Inc. 

 MediScan is a company developing advanced ultrasound
imaging and artificial intelligence AI based image analysis software. Within the past few years, medical professionals
have realized the wide-spread versatility of handheld ultrasound devices. Point-of-care ultrasound POCUS and handheld
systems now represent a rapidly growing portion of sales of ultrasound technology in the United States and worldwide. Ultrasound devices
with the AI-based software applications MediScan is developing have the potential to enable healthcare professionals to more efficiently
triage and prioritize workflows due to enhanced visualization and/or computer-assisted analysis of suspected findings. 

 MediScan is developing its AI-based software
for analysis of ultrasound images of the chest (primarily lung) and musculoskeletal MSK system. The software is being
trained with validated ultrasound images using AI algorithms. Once sufficiently trained for each targeted disease or injury pattern, we
expect that the AI-based software will be capable of analyzing images and studies for suspected diseases or injuries to assist with triage
and prioritization in point-of-care settings. These systems will not alter the images and will not be intended to be used as a diagnostic
device, at least initially. As training of each system is completed, resulting in proof-of-concept data, MediScan will define and design
the necessary validation studies to pursue regulatory clearance for each application, while continuing to enhance the capabilities within
each organ or tissue system. In addition to the lead development programs focused on chest and MSK ultrasound software analysis, we are
evaluating other organ systems, disease states, or tissues that could benefit from a similar point-of-care POC solution
based on unmet needs and workflow challenges with current solutions. In parallel, we are developing a cloud-based software system capable
of converting two-dimensional analog grayscale ultrasound images into a digital three-dimensional high-definition color format with the
goal of expanding the visual image available to the healthcare provider HCP ). 

 MediScan has filed two provisional
patent applications with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office listed below, and through its ongoing research efforts, MediScan expects
to develop additional technology and application methods of strategic value to the Company, for which it may seek patent protection. 

System Method, Apparatus, and Computer Program Product for Ultrasonic Clinical Decision Support;
and 

 System, Method, and Apparatus for Monitoring Cardiac Tissue Damage. 

We intend to market our imaging technology through
the Software as a Service SaaS model. SaaS is a business model where the software system is held in the cloud and accessed
by a local computer, tablet or smartphone via the internet. The healthcare industry is adopting the SaaS model for clinical information
systems (such as PACS, EHR, telehealth applications, treatment planning software) and nonclinical information systems (such as billing,
revenue cycle management, and supply chain management). 

5 

We
believe the market opportunity for AI-based medical image analysis is large, that it will grow rapidly over the next ten years, and that
regulatory and industry solutions are now developed to the point of making the commercialization and adoption of medical AI-based software
feasible. In regard to the handheld POCUS probes and devices alone, the global portable ultrasound market size is projected to reach 3.9
billion in 2026, according to Fortune Business Insights. The market stood at 1.8 billion in sales in 2019 with a projected CAGR of 13.6 
from 2020 to 2026. North America accounted for 733 million in sales in 2019 and is expected to remain the market leader. 

 The global ultrasound image analysis software
market, separate from the POCUS hardware market described above, is projected to reach between 2.9 and 4.5 billion by 2025. Both markets
are expected to synergistically drive each other, with increasing adoption of POCUS hardware due to AI image analysis reducing expertise
to perform POCUS. Furthermore, these projections may already be underestimating the adoption of POCUS devices due to the acceleration
of use throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, where POC solutions that limited patient movement and provided information allowing for rapid
triage became necessities. 

 Within the last three years, numerous AI-based
software assistants have been cleared by the FDA. New solutions to large scale integration of these narrowly focused algorithms are becoming
available as medical AI algorithm marketplaces . These marketplaces may be able to aggregate the growing number of algorithms,
and seamlessly integrate them into radiologists or healthcare systems workflows. The currently available medical AI algorithm
marketplaces and more advanced infrastructure solutions being designed by large companies could lower the barriers to entry for new products
with highly focused niche applications. 

 RevHeart, Inc. 

 RevHeart is a discovery stage company focused
on novel approaches to correct cardiac rhythm abnormalities using electromagnetic waveforms in an innovative approach called entrainment,
building from advances gained in other disease states. Entrainment, which is currently used in tachycardia (rapid heartbeat), works by
linking the patient s abnormal heart rhythm together with a normal heart rhythm, and gently encouraging the abnormal rhythm to revert
to a more normal rhythm. As part of these efforts, RevHeart is developing software technology that compares a healthy heart rhythm electronic
signal with a damaged heart s signal, and subsequently derives an electronic signal representing the potentially curative waveform.
Then, through a monitored feed-back mechanism, the curative electronic signal would be introduced to the patient to achieve a reversion
to the healthy heart rhythm. RevHeart plans to develop the software and prototype of the device capable of testing the hypothesis that
entrainment can convert abnormal electrocardiogram ECG waveforms into normal ECG waveforms through iterative corrective
signals. 

 RevHeart
has filed a provisional patent application with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office listed below, and through its ongoing research
efforts, RevHeart expects to develop additional technology and application methods of strategic value to the Company, for which it may
seek patent protection. 

System, Method and Apparatus for Stimulating Cardiac Muscle Injury Recovery. 

6 

All cardiac
rhythm abnormalities could potentially benefit from the RevHeart device and entrainment, such as atrial fibrillation AFib and conduction system diseases. AFib is projected to affect between 6 and 12 million people in the United States by 2050. According to
Markets and Markets, the cardiac monitoring and rhythm management devices market is projected to reach 26. billion worldwide by 2025
with a projected CAGR of 4.0 from 2020 to 2025, with the United States occupying the largest share of the market. 

Our Portfolio Investment 

Our business plan contemplates that, from time-to-time,
we will acquire subsidiaries in their early stages of development, nurture them until they are market-ready, then transfer our control
via spin-out or otherwise, while retaining a minority interest in the newly-independent company as a Portfolio Investment. At present,
we hold one Portfolio Investment, a 5.5 interest in the equity of Varian Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. Varian ), 

Varian Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Varian is an emerging biopharmaceutical company
focused on the development of novel, targeted oncology therapies with transformational potential for cancer patients. Varian s strategy
is to identify, license and develop a pipeline of therapeutic candidates that they believe have novel mechanisms of action and transformative
clinical potential, and then to bring the requisite scientific and clinical resources together to move them forward in the promise of
safer and more effective cancer treatments. 

 Varian is developing VAR-101/102, a high-potency,
specific, atypical Protein Kinase C iota aPKCi inhibitor in two formulations. Recently, numerous scientific publications
have identified aPKCi as an oncogene, whose presence and activation has been implicated in the development and growth of multiple forms
of human cancer including basal cell carcinoma BCC ), cutaneous T-cell lymphoma CTCL ), pancreatic, non-small
cell lung cancel NSCLC ), acute myeloid leukemia AML and others. The active pharmaceutical ingredient in
VAR-101/102, an aPKCi inhibitor, has demonstrated dose dependent anti-tumor activity in murine and human BCC cell lines, as well as other
cancer models. Varian intends to develop VAR-101 in a topical formulation for BCC which has the potential to offer optimal clinical utility
in BCC as a surgical neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy. VAR-102, an oral formulation of the active aPKCi inhibitor, lends itself to broader
applications in multiple tumor types. Varian believes that VAR-101 and VAR-102, if approved, could represent significant medical and commercial
opportunities. Varian has agreements in place with contract manufacturers and research organizations, and consulting groups, for API synthesis,
formulation and non-clinical studies to progress the development of VAR-101 and VAR-102 in IND enabling activities. 

In May 2021 Healthtech Solutions acquired all of the
equity in Varian. Between May 2021 and November 2021, Healthtech Solutions contributed approximately 900,000 to fund the ongoing operations
of Varian, while Healthtech management and the Varian management team jointly pursued the financing that Varian requires to become market-ready.
In November 2021, the parties agreed to sever the relationship: Healthtech Solutions returned 94.5 of the equity in Varian to its original
owners. Healthtech Solutions now holds the remaining 5.5 equity interest in Varian as its initial Portfolio Investment. 

7 

Healthcare Regulation in General 

 Our future business
operations and activities in the U.S. may be directly or indirectly subject to certain federal and state laws relating to the privacy
and security of health information, and state and federal laws designed to guard against healthcare fraud and abuse, including, but not
limited to, those described below. 

HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, established comprehensive requirements related to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information. It governs patient privacy practices of healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses (or covered entities ), as well as their respective business associates to the extent that they perform services for or on behalf of the covered entities that involve the use or disclosure of protected health information. HIPAA also mandates notification in the event of a breach and regulates standardization of data content, codes and formats used in healthcare transactions. Covered entities and business associates may be subject to significant civil and criminal penalties, as well as enforcement by state attorneys general, for violations of HIPAA or its implementing regulations. 

HIPAA also imposes federal criminal and civil liability for knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. 

The federal Anti-Kickback Statute which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order, or recommendation of, an item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 

The federal Civil False Claims Act imposes liability on any person or entity that, among other things, knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment by a federal healthcare program. The qui tam or whistleblower provisions of the False Claims Act allow a private individual to bring actions on behalf of the federal government, alleging that the defendant has submitted a false claim to the federal government, and to share in any monetary recovery. 

The federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law prohibits, among other things, the offering or transfer of remuneration to a Medicare or state health care program beneficiary if the person knows or should know it is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider, practitioner, or supplier of services reimbursable by Medicare or a state health care program, unless an exception applies. 

Analogous state fraud and abuse laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to items or services reimbursed under Medicaid, other state programs, or, in some states, private third-party payors. In addition, many U.S. states have enacted patient confidentiality laws that protect against the disclosure of confidential medical information, and many states have adopted or are considering adopting further legislation in this area, including privacy safeguards, security standards, and data security breach notification requirements. These state laws, which may be even more stringent than the HIPAA requirements, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and are often not preempted by the federal requirements. 

8 

These and other regulations
of the FDA and other regulatory agencies in and outside the U.S. impose extensive compliance and monitoring obligations on our business.
We will also be subject to periodic inspections for compliance with applicable quality system regulations, which govern the methods used
in, and the facilities and controls used for, the design, manufacture, packaging, and servicing of finished medical devices intended for
human use. In addition, the FDA and other regulatory bodies, both in and outside the U.S. (including the Federal Trade Commission, the
Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, the U.S. Department of Justice, and various state Attorneys
General), will monitor the promotion and advertising of our products. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may limit
our ability to effectively market and sell our products, limit our ability to obtain future premarket approvals or result in a substantial
modification to our business practices and operations. 

 We plan to gain access
for our products within the E.U. market. In the E.U., a single regulatory approval process exists, and conformity with the legal requirements
is represented by the CE Mark. To obtain a CE Mark, defined products must meet minimum standards of performance, safety, and quality (i.e.,
the essential requirements), and then, according to their classification, comply with one or more of a selection of conformity assessment
routes. The competent authorities of the E.U. countries separately regulate the clinical research for medical devices and the market surveillance
of products once they are placed on the market. A new Medical Device Regulation was published by the E.U. in 2017 which imposes significant
additional premarket and postmarket requirements (EU MDR). 

 The global regulatory
environment is increasingly stringent and unpredictable. Several countries that did not have regulatory requirements for medical devices
have established such requirements in recent years, and other countries have expanded, or plan to expand, their existing regulations.
While harmonization of global regulations has been pursued, requirements continue to differ significantly among countries. We expect this
global regulatory environment will continue to evolve, which could impact the cost, the time needed to approve, and ultimately, our ability
to obtain approvals for our products. 

 Employees 

 As of this filing,
we employ approximately 18 people on a full-time basis, all of whom are located in the U.S. Of the total employees, 11 are in manufacturing,
1 performs testing services for The Clia Lab, 1 is in research and development; 3 perform sales and marketing functions for WR Health;
and 2 are in general and administration. None of our employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. 

9 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our common stock involves risk.
You should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information contained in this Report, including
the financial statements and the related notes, before deciding whether to purchase any shares of our common stock. If any of the following
risks is realized, our business, financial condition or operating results could materially suffer. In that event, the trading price of
our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

 Risks Attendant to Our Business Plan 

 Our business plan will fail unless we are able to secure substantial
additional capital contributions. 

 Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2022 discloses that our financial condition raises substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. The risk of investing in a company whose financial statements carry a going concern opinion is that you are likely to lose all
of your investment if the company fails to continue as a going concern. In our case, successful introduction of a full complement
of wound care products to the market will require an investment of several million dollars, as will c ompletion of the development
of our imaging system and securing government approval of its use in the U.S and the European Union. Development of follow-on technologies
into marketable products will then require substantial additional capital investment. We currently have only modest cash resources and
will require significant capital contributions in order to fully implement our business plan. If we fail to adequately capitalize our
business and are not able to convert our business into a going concern, investors in us will lose their investment. 

 We intend to acquire or invest in other businesses or technologies
within the healthcare field. These investments may dilute our stockholders ownership, increase our debt and cause us to incur significant
expenses . If they prove to be unsuccessful, the investments could damage our operating results. 

 As part of our business strategy, we intend to pursue acquisitions
of complementary businesses and assets. We also may pursue strategic alliances that leverage our technology and industry experience to
expand our product offerings or distribution. If we make acquisitions, we may not be able to integrate these acquisitions successfully
into our existing business, and we could assume unknown or contingent liabilities. Integration of an acquired company may also require
management resources that otherwise would be available for ongoing development of our existing business. Any future acquisitions by us
also could result in significant write-offs or the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities, any of which could harm our operating
results. To finance any acquisitions or investments, we may choose to issue shares of our common stock as consideration, which could dilute
the ownership of our stockholders. 

 Healthcare policy
changes may have a material adverse effect on us. 

 In response to perceived increases in
healthcare costs in recent years, there have been and continue to be actions and proposals by several governments, regulators and third-party
payers globally, including the U.S. federal and state governments, to control these costs and, more generally, to reform healthcare systems.
Certain of these actions and proposals, among other things, limit the prices we are able to charge for our products or the amounts of
reimbursement available for our products and could limit the acceptance and availability of our products. These actions and proposals
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

10 

Consolidation in the healthcare industry
could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 

 Many healthcare industry companies, including
healthcare systems, distributors, manufacturers, providers, and insurers, are consolidating or have formed strategic alliances. As the
healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide goods and services to industry participants will become more intense. Further,
this consolidation creates larger enterprises with greater negotiating power, which they can use to negotiate price concessions. If we
must reduce our prices because of industry consolidation, or if we lose customers as a result of consolidation, our business, results
of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

 Our business entails a significant risk of product liability and
if we are unable to obtain sufficient insurance coverage such inability could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

Our business exposes us to significant product liability risks inherent
in the development, testing, manufacturing and marketing of therapeutic treatments. Such claims could result in an FDA, EMA or other regulatory
authority investigation of the safety and effectiveness of our products, our manufacturing processes and facilities or our marketing programs.
FDA, EMA or other regulatory authority investigations could potentially lead to a recall of our products or more serious enforcement action,
limitations on the approved indications for which they may be used or suspension or withdrawal of approvals. Regardless of the merits
or eventual outcome, liability claims may also result in decreased demand for our products, injury to our reputation, costs to defend
the related litigation, a diversion of management s time and our resources and substantial monetary awards to trial participants
or patients. Furthermore, clinical trial and product liability insurance is becoming increasingly expensive. As a result, we may be unable
to obtain sufficient insurance at a reasonable cost to protect us against losses caused by product liability claims that could have an
adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

 Our failure to comply with laws and
regulations relating to reimbursement of healthcare goods and services may subject us to penalties and adversely impact our reputation,
business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

 Our devices, products and therapies
are purchased principally by hospitals or physicians that typically bill various third-party payers, such as governmental healthcare
programs (e.g., Medicare, Medicaid and comparable non-U.S. programs), private insurance plans and managed care plans, for the
healthcare services provided to their patients. The ability of our customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for products and
services from third-party payers is critical because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to
pay. As a result, our devices, products and therapies are subject to regulation regarding quality and cost by HHS, including the
Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS), as well as comparable state and non-U.S. agencies responsible for reimbursement
and regulation of health are goods and services, including laws and regulations related to kickbacks, false claims, self-referrals
and healthcare fraud. Many states have similar laws that apply to reimbursement by state Medicaid and other funded programs as well
as in some cases to all payers. In certain circumstances, insurance companies attempt to bring a private cause of action against a
manufacturer for causing false claims. In addition, as a manufacturer of U.S. FDA-approved devices reimbursable by federal
healthcare programs, we are subject to the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires us to annually report certain payments
and other transfers of value we make to U.S.-licensed physicians or U.S. teaching hospitals. Any failure to comply with these laws
and regulations could subject us or our officers and employees to criminal and civil financial penalties. 

11 

We are also subject to risks relating to
changes in government and private medical reimbursement programs and policies, and changes in legal regulatory requirements in the U.S.
and around the world. Implementation of further legislative or administrative reforms to these reimbursement systems, or adverse decisions
relating to coverage of or reimbursement for our products by administrators of these systems, could have an impact on the acceptance of
and demand for our products and the prices that our customers are willing to pay for them. 

Risks Attendant to Our
Intellectual Property 

Our success depends on our ability to protect
our intellectual property and our proprietary technologies. 

Our commercial success depends in part on our
ability to obtain and maintain patent protection and trade secret protection for our product candidates, proprietary technologies and
their uses, as well as our ability to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others. If we or our licensors are unable to
protect our intellectual property rights or if our intellectual property rights are inadequate for our technology or our product candidates,
our competitive position could be harmed. We generally seek to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications in the United
States and abroad related to our product candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses that are important to our business. Our patent
applications cannot be enforced against third parties practicing the technology claimed in such applications unless, and until, patents
issue from such applications, and then only to the extent the issued claims accurately describe the technology. There can be no assurance
that our patent applications will result in patents being issued or that issued patents will afford sufficient protection against competitors
with similar technology, nor can there be any assurance that the patents, if issued, will not be infringed, designed around, invalidated
or rendered unenforceable by third parties. Even issued patents may later be found invalid or unenforceable or may be modified or revoked
in proceedings instituted by third parties before various patent offices or in courts. The degree of future protection for our proprietary
rights is uncertain. Only limited protection may be available and such protection may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to
gain or keep any competitive advantage. These uncertainties and/or limitations in our ability to properly protect the intellectual property
rights relating to our product candidates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

12 

We may become involved in lawsuits or administrative
disputes to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful.

Competitors and other third parties may infringe,
misappropriate or otherwise violate our patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets or other intellectual property. To counter infringement,
misappropriation or other violations, we may be required to file infringement, misappropriation or other violation claims, which can be
expensive and time-consuming and divert the time and attention of our management and business and scientific personnel. In addition, many
of our adversaries in these proceedings may have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to prosecuting these legal actions
than we can. Moreover, it may be difficult or impossible to obtain evidence of infringement in a competitor s or potential competitor s
product or service. It may be difficult to detect infringers who do not advertise the components or methods that are used in connection
with their products and services. 

Any claims we assert against perceived infringers
could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their patents
or their other intellectual property, in addition to counterclaims asserting that our patents are invalid or unenforceable, or both. In
patent litigation in the United States, counterclaims challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of asserted patents are commonplace.
Similarly, third parties may initiate legal proceedings against us seeking a declaration that certain of our intellectual property is
not infringed, invalid or unenforceable. The outcome of any such proceeding is generally unpredictable. 

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality
of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 

In addition to our reliance on patent protection,
we place a heavy reliance on the protection of our trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information
to maintain our competitive position. Although we have taken steps to protect our trade secrets and unpatented know-how, including entering
into confidentiality agreements with third parties, and confidential information and inventions agreements with employees, consultants,
licensors and advisors, we cannot provide any assurances that none of these parties will breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary
information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Unauthorized parties may
also attempt to copy or reverse engineer certain aspects of our products that we consider proprietary. Monitoring unauthorized uses and
disclosures is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary information will be effective.
Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the
outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade
secrets. 

Moreover, third parties may still obtain
this information or may come upon this or similar information independently, and we would have no right to prevent them from using
that technology or information to compete with us. If any of these events occurs or if we otherwise lose protection for our trade
secrets, the value of this information may be greatly reduced and our competitive position would be harmed. If we or our licensors
do not apply for patent protection prior to such publication or if we cannot otherwise maintain the confidentiality of our
proprietary technology and other confidential information, then our ability to obtain patent protection or to protect our trade
secret information may be jeopardized. 

13 

Risks Attendant to Our Specific Products 

 Wound Care 

 Our wound care products are dependent on the availability of tissue
from human donors, and any disruption in supply could adversely affect our business. 

The success of our wound care products depends upon, among other factors,
the availability of tissue from human donors. Any failure to obtain tissue from our sources will interfere with our ability to effectively
meet demands for our products incorporating human tissue. The processing of human tissue into our products is very labor-intensive and
it is therefore difficult to maintain a steady supply stream. The availability of donated tissue could also be adversely impacted by regulatory
changes, public opinion of the donor process as well as our own reputation in the industry. The challenges we may face in obtaining
adequate supplies of human tissue involve several risks, including limited control over availability, quality, and delivery schedules.
In addition, any interruption in the supply of any human tissue component could materially harm our ability to manufacture our products
until a new source of supply, if any, could be found. We may be unable to find a sufficient alternative supply channel in a reasonable
time period or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

The wound care products we intend to manufacture and process are
derived from human tissue and, therefore, have the potential for disease transmission. 

The utilization of human tissue creates the potential for transmission
of communicable diseases, including, but not limited to, human immunodeficiency virus HIV ), viral hepatitis, syphilis and
other viral, fungal, or bacterial pathogens. We are required to comply with federal and state regulations intended to prevent
communicable disease transmission. Although we maintain strict quality controls over the procurement and processing of our tissue including
sterility testing by independent labs, there is no assurance that these quality controls will be adequate. In addition, negative
publicity concerning disease transmission from other companies' improperly processed donated tissue could have a negative impact on the
demand for our products. 

We will rely on a single laboratory facility to process our wound
care products. 

We will rely on a single laboratory facility in Salt Lake City, Utah
that we lease and operate to process our wound care products. This facility and certain pieces of laboratory equipment would be
difficult to replace and may require significant replacement lead-time. This facility could be affected by natural disasters such as
earthquakes, floods, and fires. In the event the facility or the equipment located in the facility are affected by man-made or
natural disasters, we would be unable to continue our wound care business and meet customer demands for a significant period of
time. Any interruption in our wound care business would result in a loss of goodwill, including damage to our reputation. 

14 

Imaging Software 

The success of our imaging system in securing a substantial
market will depend in part on our ability to maintain its compatibility with software systems used in the more popular portable ultrasound
devices. 

 Our imaging system will be designed to work in congress with generally
available portable ultrasound devices. It will be crucial, therefore, that the software in our system be compatible with the software
in most of those devices to enable it to efficiently interface with the ultrasound devices in use throughout the medical industry. If
we fail to keep abreast of impending changes in prevailing software systems, we could find it difficult to market our APP. 

 Government regulation of our use of individually identifiable
data may increase our costs and interfere with the efficient use of our imaging system. 

 Both state and federal regulations apply to our
use of customer information in general, and particularly to our access to patient medical information. Our efforts to comply with such
regulations will entail development or purchase of costly software systems, which will reduce funds available for product development. Additionally, the
success of our operations depends upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. The intentional or negligent
actions of employees, business associates or third parties may undermine our security measures. As a result, unauthorized parties may
obtain access to our data systems and misappropriate confidential data. There can be no assurance that advances in computer capabilities,
new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments will prevent the compromise of our patient information. If any such
compromise of our security or the security of information residing in our systems were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect
on our reputation, operating results and financial condition. 

Cardiac Therapy 

 Our research and development efforts with regard to cardiac
muscle shredding and lung lesions may be hindered if we are not able to contract with third parties for access to exomes or nanoparticles
and other biologic materials. 

 As part of our development of a pharmaceutical and electromagnetic solution
to restoring a healthy heart muscle to COVID patients affected by heart muscle shredding, we will need to secure access to exosomes or
nanoparticles and other biologic materials. The process of negotiating access to such samples is lengthy because it typically involves
numerous parties and approval levels to resolve complex issues such as usage rights, institutional review board (IRB) approval, privacy
rights, publication rights, intellectual property ownership and research parameters. If we are unable to negotiate access to exosomes
or nanoparticles for clinical trials on a timely basis or on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or if other laboratories or our
competitors secure access to these samples before us, our ability to research, develop and commercialize future products will be limited
or delayed. 

15 

Risks Attendant to Our
Reliance on Third Parties 

We may be unable to adequately protect our
information systems from cyberattacks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, including personal
data, damage our reputation, and subject us to significant financial and legal exposure. 

We will rely on information technology
systems that we or our third-party vendors operate to process, transmit and store electronic information. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic
has intensified our dependence on information technology systems as many of our critical business activities have been conducted remotely.
In connection with our discovery and development efforts, we may collect and use a variety of personal data, such as name, mailing address,
email addresses, phone number and clinical trial information. A successful cyberattack could result in the theft or destruction of intellectual
property, data, or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our
operations. Cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect.
Moreover, the prevalent use of mobile devices to access confidential information increases the risk of security breaches. Cyberattacks
could include wrongful conduct by hostile foreign governments, industrial espionage, wire fraud and other forms of cyber fraud, the deployment
of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering fraud or other means to threaten data security, confidentiality, integrity and
availability. A successful cyberattack could cause serious negative consequences for us, including, without limitation, the disruption
of operations, the misappropriation of confidential business information, including financial information, trade secrets, financial loss
and the disclosure of corporate strategic plans. 

 In addition, the information technology systems of various third
parties on which we rely, including contractors, consultants and legal and accounting firms, may sustain damage from computer viruses,
unauthorized access, data breaches, phishing attacks, cybercriminals, natural disasters (including hurricanes and earthquakes), terrorism,
war and telecommunication and electrical failures. We rely on our third-party providers to implement effective security measures and identify
and correct for any such failures, deficiencies or breaches. If we or our third-party providers fail to maintain or protect our information
technology systems and data integrity effectively or fail to anticipate, plan for or manage significant disruptions to our information
technology systems, we or our third-party providers could have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling such cyber-attacks and
any such attacks could result in losses described above as well as disputes with physicians, patients and our partners, regulatory sanctions
or penalties, increases in operating expenses, expenses or lost revenues or other adverse consequences, any of which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and cash flows. 

 Risks Attendant to Our Management and
Corporate Governance 

 We have a limited staff. This situation makes it difficult
to implement proper internal controls over financial reporting and to develop and implement long term strategies. 

 Having only limited staff makes it difficult for us to
establish corporate governance practices, including disclosure controls and procedures, and to manage internal control over
financial reporting. With limited staff, we need to outsource these and other matters, leading to reliance on third parties. Faulty
judgments, errors or mistakes, or the failure to adhere to established controls and procedures by such third parties may make it
difficult for us to ensure that the objectives of the control system are met. A failure of our controls and procedures to detect
other than inconsequential errors or fraud could seriously harm our business. 

16 

The elimination of monetary liability against our directors, officers
and employees under our Bylaws and the existence of indemnification rights to our directors, officers and employees under our Articles
of Incorporation may result in substantial expenditures by our company and may discourage lawsuits against our directors, officers and
employees. 

Our Bylaws contain provisions that limit the liability of our directors
and officers for monetary damages to our company and shareholders. Our Articles of Incorporation also require us to indemnify our officers
and directors against claims arising from their service as such. The foregoing indemnification obligations could result in our company
incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors, officers and employees that we
may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resulting costs may also discourage our company from bringing a lawsuit against directors
or officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties, and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our shareholders
against our directors and officers even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit our company and shareholders. 

If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements
or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval
that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations. 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

 Item 2. Properties 

Healthtech Solutions' executive offices are
located at 181 Dante Avenue, Tuckahoe, New York 10707. The offices are provided by our corporate secretary free of charge. 

 Our subsidiary, Healthtech Wound Care, Inc.,
currently leases 10,813 sq. ft. of office space that includes a laboratory in Salt Lake City. The monthly rental fee was 31,537.92 through
January 31, 2023, and will be 32,484.05 for the remainder of the term. The lease term commenced on February 1, 2022, and will terminate
on December 21, 2023. Healthtech has an option to extend the term for 18 months. Management believes that the property will be adequate
for the operations of Healthtech Wound Care, Inc. for the foreseeable future. 

 Our subsidiary, The Clia Lab, LLC is an approved
sub-tenant under the existing lease at the Salt Lake City facilities. 

17 

Our
subsidiary, WR Health, in addition to managing a network of remote-work independent sales representatives, currently leases a 700 sq.
ft office space on a month-to-month term in Rolling Meadows, Illinois. The lease term commenced on July 1, 2020, and the monthly rental
fee is 600. Management believes that the property will be adequate for the operations of WR Health for the foreseeable future. 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

 Neither Healthtech nor any of its subsidiaries
is party to material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to product distribution business carried
on by WR Health. 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

 Not Applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters And Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market Information 

 The Company s common stock is quoted on
the OTC Pink Market under the symbol HLTT . The quotations reported on the OTC Pink Market reflect inter-dealer prices without
retail markup, markdown or commissions, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

 The Company's common stock is thinly traded.
The quoted bid and asked prices for the Common Stock vary significantly from week to week. An investor holding shares of the Company's
Common Stock may find it difficult to sell the shares and may find it impossible to sell more than a small number of shares at the quoted
bid price. 

 (b) Shareholders 

 Our shareholders list contains the names of
178 stockholders of record of the Company s Common Stock. 

 (c) Dividends 

 The Company has never paid or declared
any cash dividends on its Common Stock and does not plan to do so in the foreseeable future. The Company intends to retain any future
earnings for the operation and expansion of the business. Any decision as to future payment of dividends will depend on the available
earnings, the capital requirements of the Company, its general financial condition and other factors deemed pertinent by the Board of
Directors. 

 (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance
Under Equity Compensation Plans 

 The Company had no securities authorized for
issuance under equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

18 

(e) Sale of Unregistered Securities 

 On November
22, 2022, the Board of Directors granted one million shares of the Company s common stock to each of the two non-executive members
of the Board of Directors and 250,000 shares to the Company s General Counsel, all in compensation for their services to the Company.
The shares were issued in private transactions to individuals who were acquiring the shares for their own accounts. The issuance, therefore,
was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. 

The Company did not make any other sale of unregistered
securities during the 4 th quarter of fiscal year 2022. 

 (f) Repurchase of Equity Securities 

 The Company did not repurchase any shares of its common
stock during the 4 th quarter of fiscal year 2022. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Results of Operations 

At the end of January 2022, we acquired assets related
to the business of developing and producing wound care treatments, including a placental membrane allograft designed to act as a covering
or barrier for the protection of burns and non-healing wounds such as diabetic foot ulcers. Upon acquiring those assets in our newly
organized subsidiary, Healthtech Wound Care, Inc. HWC ), we focused our attention on achieving the regulatory approvals
necessary for HWC to bring its allografts to market and initiating the marketing of our allografts. 1,715,148 (i.e. 93 of the 1,843,203
that we devoted to research and development during 2022 was attributable to efforts of HWC to complete and test a market-ready version
of its allograft. 

Sales of our wound care allografts commenced in September
2022. By year-end, we had sold allografts to medical establishments for an aggregate purchase price, net of discounts, of 1,687,691.
Payments for the sales did not commence until October and, in general, our terms on sale of allografts require payment within sixty days
after the allograft is used in a treatment. For this reason, at year-end we had accounts receivable from the allograft sales totaling
 1,238,509, representing the net sales revenue less an allowance for doubtful accounts of 175,387. After recording 123,857 in cost
of goods sold (i.e. proportionate allocation to the products sold of the direct costs attributable to their production), we recorded
gross profit of 1,563,834 for 2022. 

The cost of our operations is primarily classified
as general and administrative, which totaled 3,099,278 (including 255,000 payable to related parties) during 2022. These expenses primarily
involve insurance premiums, office expenses, legal and accounting expenses, compensation of consultants, and other expenses incurred
in the development of Healthtech Solutions into a viable participant in the medical industry. Our operating expenses totaled 5,021,140
for 2022 resulting in a loss from operations and a net loss of 3,457,306 for that year. 

19 

During 2022, 30 of HWC and 38.74 (before
September 13) or 18.75 (after September 13) of Medi-Scan was owned by minority investors. Therefore, 385,210 of the net loss contributed
by HWC and 28,511 of the net loss contributed by Medi-Scan during 2022 were attributable to those minority interests. These are recorded
on our Statement of Operations as net loss attributable to non-controlling interest. The remainder, the net loss
attributable to controlling interest , was 3,043,585 in 2022. 

 Our loss from operations during 2021 was 5,005,268,
the largest portion of which was related to the market value of common stock that we granted to attract management, research and development
expertise and other individuals qualified to aid our projects. Of the 5,005,268 in operating expenses incurred during 2021, stock compensation
represented 3,229,028 of the expense. 

Our net loss for 2021
was increased by the results of a convertible debt financing we performed during the early days of our business. In the fall of 2020,
prior to the reverse merger of Healthtech Solutions into MediScan, MediScan sold 7 Convertible Debentures to obtain capital. In connection
with the reverse merger, the MediScan debentures were exchanged for 7 Convertible Debentures issued by Healthtech Solutions, which then
sold additional Debentures. Finally, in May 2021, we exchanged 3,507,164 shares of common stock for all of the outstanding Debentures.
The result of this financing activity was that we incurred items of Other Expenses that added 3,300,879 to our net loss, specifically: 

367,144 in interest expense due to accretion of the debenture discount; and 

A loss of 2,933,735 due to an increase in the fair value of derivative liabilities, related to the 7 Convertible Debentures. 

 We accounted for our convertible debt in accordance
with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging as the conversion feature embedded in the convertible debentures could have resulted in the
debenture principal and related accrued interest being converted to a variable number of our common shares. The conversion feature on
these debentures was variable and based on trailing market prices. It therefore contained an embedded derivative. The fair value of the
conversion feature was calculated when the debentures were issued, and we recorded a debenture discount and derivative liability for the
calculated value. We recognized interest expense for accretion of the debenture discount over the term of the note. The conversion liability
was valued at the end of the reporting period and resulted in income for the reduction in fair value. Among the reasons why we negotiated
a cancellation of the Debentures in exchange for common stock was that the volatile price of our stock meant that the gain or loss realized
due to the Debentures could often be material to our results. 

After taking Other Expenses into account,
Healthtech Solutions realized a net loss of 9,109,218 for 2021. In May 2021, however, we acquired ownership of Varian
Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. Varian and then, in November 2021, returned Varian to the individuals from whom we
purchased it. The operations of Varian lost 668,960 during the six months in which we owned it, and we incurred an additional loss
of 134,111 on disposal of Varian for that much less than the purchase price we had paid. We classified this total of 803,071 as a
loss from discontinued operations. The loss that we incurred in 2021 from continuing operations was 8,306,147. 

20 

We expect that the
manufacture and sale of allografts by HWC will be profitable for the foreseeable future. Our business plan, however, contemplates a breadth
of operations in addition to wound care treatments. Some of these operations, such as product distribution by World Reach Health and laboratory
services by The Clia Lab, should be profitable from the start. Our efforts, however, to expand our product lines will cause our research
and development expenses to rise significantly if we obtain the capital resources necessary to fully implement our business plan. In particular,
expansion of the operations of HWC to include additional product lines and the effort to bring MediScan s and RevHeart s technologies
to market will require several million dollars of capital expense. For that reason, we cannot predict when we will achieve company-wide
profitability. 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our company was designed
to function as an incubator for development stage medical technology enterprises. During 2021 our statements of cash flows reflected
that design: we raised 2,183,979 in capital from the sale of securities and used 2,305,869, approximately the amount of cash raised,
to fund ongoing administrative operations and medical research. The greater part of our administrative expenses, albeit representing
a large portion of our loss in that year, were primarily paid for by issuance of common stock. 

 Entering 2022 we modified
our business plan and the funding process, as we acquired assets that enabled us to enter the wound care business within nine months.
For the funds needed to sustain our operations during 2022, particularly the funds required by HWC to complete development of its allografts
and bring them to market, we relied on loans from shareholders and from World Reach Med, LLC, an affiliate of World Reach Health, which
we engaged to distribute HWC s allografts. During 2022, we borrowed 1,280,923 from shareholders and 1,373,750 from World Reach
Med. 

 In the first quarter
of 2022, from the loans received from shareholders and World Reach Med, we advanced 349,432 to companies from which we purchased the
wound care assets as a prepayment of future commissions pursuant to the terms under which we purchased their wound care business. We
also reclassified to prepaid commissions a loan of 168,000 that we made to them in December 2021. (Because two of our customers during
2022 are commissionable to the asset sellers, we reduced the allowance on prepaid commissions by 93,639 during the second half of 2022.)
The remainder of the loan proceeds funded the net cash that we used in our operating activities during 2022. 

 During 2021, our sources
and uses of funds differed somewhat from sources and uses during 2022. We entered 2021 with 128,996 in the bank (proceeds from the sale
of convertible debentures). We added to that 1,792,500 in proceeds from the sale of our common stock, 50,000 in debenture proceeds
and 336,921 in proceeds of the initial loans from shareholders. That combination enabled us to fund the 1,224,799 that we used in operating
activities and the 668,960 that we contributed to the operations of Varian while it was our subsidiary. 

21 

At December 31, 2021,
Healthtech Solutions had a working capital deficit of 757,563. During 2022, we increased the working capital deficit by 2,606,079 to
 3,363,642. The increase in the working capital deficit occurred primarily because we borrowed funds on a short-term basis and used the
funds to pay our present expenses and prepay future expenses. 

 During the fourth quarter of 2022, HWC s
wound care business became profitable, which will alleviate some of the cash flow burden of that business. In January 2023 we added World
Reach Health, LLC to our list of subsidiaries, and we expect the distribution business carried on by World Reach Health to be profitable.
On the other hand, our business plan contemplates that we will seek to attract exciting additions to company, which may require that we
make available to some the several million dollars of financing that is necessary to bring a medical technology to a stage where its sponsor
can function independently. Since our ambition is to couple a portfolio of such enterprises with our established subsidiaries and the
distribution power brought by World Reach Health, the capital required to fully implement our plan will be tens of millions of dollars.

Note 3 to our consolidated
financial statements discloses that the financial condition of Healthtech Solutions raises substantial doubt as to the Company's ability
to continue as a going concern. Management intends to pursue one or more offerings of securities in order to obtain the funds that will
be necessary for successful implementation of our business plan. At present, however, no commitments for future funding have been received. 

 Application of Critical Accounting Policies 

 In preparing our financial statements we are
required to formulate working policies regarding valuation of our assets and liabilities and to develop estimates of those values. In
our preparation of the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, there were three estimates made which were (a) subject
to a high degree of uncertainty and (b) material to our results. These were: 

Our determination to record 60,000 as the fair value of the 5.5 interest in Varian Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. that we received in November 2021. This determination was based on the financial condition of Varian Biopharmaceuticals at that time and the absence of objective criteria for attributing fair value to its technology. The fair value of Varian Biopharmaceuticals is included in the item on our Balance Sheets titled Investment in and advance to non-consolidated affiliate. 

Our determination to initially record an allowance of 257,432 with respect to the book value of
 the 517,432 prepaid commission that we advanced to the seller in connection with our purchase of the wound care assets that
 initiated HWC s business. (See: Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.) Our determination was based on the fact that
 the prepaid commissions will be earned by the seller only as a result of sales to three specific customers and the fact that at the
 time of the acquisition the seller did not have a marketable wound care product. 

Our determination initially to record an allowance for bad debt totaling five percent of the gross
 revenue from sales of allografts. The determination was based on industry norms, as we have experienced only four month
 of sales. 

22 

Impact of Accounting Pronouncements 

 There were no recent accounting
pronouncements that have or will have a material effect on the Corporation s financial position or results of operations. 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 7a Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

 Not Applicable. 

Item 8. Financial Statements 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

F-1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F-3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F-4 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders (Deficiency) Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F-5 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F-6 to F-19 
 Notes to Financial Statements. 

23 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Healthtech Solutions, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Healthtech Solutions, Inc.(the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Going Concern 

 As discussed in Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated
financial statements, the accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company generated limited revenue since inception
and has an accumulated deficit of 13,683,565 as of December 31, 2022. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the
ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Continuation as a going concern is dependent on the ability to raise additional
capital and financing, though there is no assurance of success. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 3 to the accompanying financial statements. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical Audit Matters 

 Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 

Hackensack, 

 June 27, 2023 

F- 1 

HEALTHTECH
 SOLUTIONS INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Loan receivable 

Other receivable 

Right of use asset, net 

Total Current Assets 

Long Term Assets: 

Investment in and advance to non-consolidated affiliate 

Fixed assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Total Long Term Assets 

Total Assets 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Loans from non-affiliated parties 

Loans from shareholders 

Lease Liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders' Equity (Deficit): 

Series A preferred stock, par value, 
 authorized, and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, 
 and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Attributable to the
 Company: 

Non controlling Interest 

Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders'
 Equity (Deficit) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

HEALTHTECH
 SOLUTIONS INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year
 Ended 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of Goods 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses: 

General and administrative 

General and administrative-related party 

Research and development 

Research and development related party 

Depreciation Amortization 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other Expenses: 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Total Other Expenses 

Loss before provision for income tax 

Provision for income tax 

Loss from continuing operations 

Loss from Discontinued Operations: 

Loss from Discontinued Operations, net of taxes 

Loss from disposal 

Total Loss from Discontinued Operations: 

Net Loss 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling
 interest 

Net Loss attributable to Controlling
 Interest 

Loss per common share 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

HEALTHTECH
 SOLUTIONS INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIENCY) EQUITY 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 

Number of Shares 
 Amount 
 Number of Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Non-Controlling Interest 
 Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Issuance of common stock for cash proceeds 

Conversion of Series A Preferred into common stock 

Conversion of Debentures into common stock 

Capital contributions 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Issuance of common stock in satisfaction of account payable 

Issuance of Stock Options 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

HEALTHTECH SOLUTIONS INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year
 Ended 

December
 31, 
 2022 
 December
 31, 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization expense 

Depreciation expense 

Non-cash compensation 

Non-cash interest 

Non-cash stock option expense 

Issuance of common stock 

Inventory reserve 

Allowance for bad debt 

Loss on disposal of subsidiary 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid commissions 

Inventory 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Advances to divested subsidiary 

Payment of loan receivable 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds of loans from shareholders 

Proceeds from convertible debenture 

Loans from non-affiliated parties 

Capital contributions 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

Acquisition of noncontrolling interest for issuance of common stock 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

HEALTHTECH SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 

to PBI and its parent as prepaid commissions, and the
conditional commitment by Healthtech Solutions to provide up to million in funding for development of HWC s business. 

During 2022, HWC initiated sales of allografts to medical professionals
for use in wound care. Our plan is to identify and develop a pipeline of human cell and tissue product (HCT/Ps) candidates that we believe
have novel mechanisms of action and immediate clinical potential in accordance with applicable federal regulations. 

 Acquisition of Cellsure, L3C 

 In January 2022, in connection with HWC s acquisition of the
wound care assets from PBI, Healthtech received from PBI s parent, Preductive Technology Group, Inc., an option to purchase ownership
of Cellsure L3C for 10. Healthtech exercised the option on May 4, 2022. Cellsure is engaged in the business of collecting placenta and
other birth tissue, then making it available for research and development purposes as well as wound care and surgical treatments. 

 Organization of The Clia Lab, LLC 

 In August 2022 Healthtech Solutions, in concert with World Reach
Holdings, LLC, organized The Clia Lab, LLC and began to outfit a testing laboratory in Salt Lake City to achieve compliance with the CLIA
regulations promulgated under The Clinical Laboratory Amendments of 1988, which govern all U.S. facilities that test human specimens for
health assessment or to diagnose, prevent of treat disease. In January 2023 The Clia Lab received authorization from the Food and Drug
Administration to perform testing of human specimens. On January 27, 2023, when Healthtech Solutions acquired a 51 equity interest in
World Reach Holdings, LLC, World Reach Holdings assigned its interest in The Clia Lab, LLC to Healthtech Solutions, which now owns 100 
of The Clia Lab, LLC. 

 Acquisition of Medi-Scan Inc. 

Medi-Scan Inc. Medi-Scan was organized in the State of
Florida on September 25, 2018. In December 2018, Medi-Scan acquired a portfolio of intellectual property relating to medical imaging.
Since December 2018, Medi-Scan has been engaged in developing practical applications for the medical imaging technology as well as related
medical technology. On November 12, 2020, 

Organization of RevHeart, Inc. 

Healthtech Solutions organized RevHeart, Inc. in March 2021. RevHeart
is focused on novel approaches to correct cardiac rhythm abnormalities using electromagnetic waveforms in an innovative approach called
entrainment. Entrainment, which is currently used in treating tachycardia (rapid heartbeat), works by linking the patient s abnormal
heart rhythm together with a normal heart rhythm, and gently encouraging the abnormal rhythm to revert to a more normal rhythm. As part
of these efforts, RevHeart is developing software technology that compares a healthy heart rhythm electronic signal with a damaged heart s
signal, and subsequently derives an electronic signal representing the potentially curative waveform. 

 Acquisition/ Disposition of Varian Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. 

On May 7, 2021 Healthtech Solutions acquired beneficial ownership of the
outstanding capital stock of Varian Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. Varian through a non-statutory share exchange. In exchange,
the individuals who previously owned Varian (the Varian Shareholders received .184 shares of Series C Preferred Stock
issued by Healthtech Solutions. 

On November 9, 2021, the Company entered into a second share exchange agreement,
pursuant to which the Varian Shareholders returned to Healthtech all of the outstanding shares of Healthtech Series C Preferred Stock
and received all of the outstanding shares of Varian common stock. At the same time, Varian issued to Healthtech Varian shares that represent
5.5 of the outstanding shares of Varian upon completion of the share exchange. 

The operations of Varian during the six month period when it was
owned by Healthtech Solutions are classified on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as Discontinued Operations. 
The interest in Varian retained by Healthtech Solutions after November 9, 2021 is classified on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as
 investment in and advances to non-consolidated affiliate. 

Concentration of Risk: Major Customer 

All of the Company s revenue during 2022 was attributable to sales
of wound care treatments by Healthtech Wound Care, Inc., and all of the revenue realized by Healthtech Wound Care, Inc. during 2022 was
attributable to one customer, World Reach Health, LLC, which functioned as the exclusive distributor for Healthtech Wound Care, Inc.
As a result, the entirety of the Company s accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 was owed to Healthtech Wound Care, Inc.
by World Reach Health, LLC. The Company s reliance on the liquidity of World Reach Health, LLC at December 31, 2022 created a significant
risk to the Company s cash flow. See: Note 15: Subsequent Events regarding the Company s acquisition in January 2023 of a
majority interest in World Reach Holdings, LLC, the owner of World Reach Health, LLC. 

material uncertain tax
positions as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

The application of tax laws and regulations is subject to legal and factual
interpretation, judgment and uncertainty. Tax laws and regulations themselves are subject to change as a result of changes in fiscal policy,
changes in legislation, the evolution of regulations and court rulings. Therefore, the actual liability may be materially different from
our estimates, which could result in the need to record additional tax liabilities or potentially reverse previously recorded tax liabilities
or the deferred tax asset valuation allowance. 

as of December 31, 2022. These conditions,
among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

Management anticipates that the Company will be dependent, for the near
future, on additional investment capital or debt to fund operating expenses until its planned operations generate sufficient revenue to
offset the Company s expenses. Management, therefore, is actively pursuing sources of investment capital, including both investment
into Healthtech Solutions and investment into one or more of its subsidiaries. At present, the Company has received no firm commitment
of investment capital. The Company is financing its current operations, therefore, by means of loans from its shareholders. None of these
parties, however, has any contractual or other commitment to continue to lend money to the Company. 

. The two patents
pending are being amortized over a period of three years. Amortization expense relating to the patents pending totaled for
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The Company s intangible assets during the year ended December 31,
2021 consisted of the intellectual property relating to medical imaging contributed to Medi-Scan in 2018 as a capital contribution. The
intangible assets were amortized over a three year period that ended during 2021. Amortization expense relating to the medical imaging
property totaled in the year ended December 31, 2022, and in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Finished goods 

Inventory Gross 

Obsolescence Reserve 

() 

Inventory Net 

The allowance for obsolete inventory as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

-month lease which began on
February 1, 2022, for approximately square feet
of office and lab/research space in Salt Lake City, Utah, expiring . Initial lease payments of 
 begin on February 1, 2022, and will increase to 
 beginning February 1, 2023 thru lease end, December 31, 2023. The interest rate used to determine the present value is our incremental
borrowing rate, estimated to be ,
as the interest rate implicit in most of our leases is not readily determinable. During the year ended December 31, 2022, upon adoption
of ASC Topic 842, the Company recorded right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of 
 for this lease. 

In adopting Topic 842, the Company has elected
the package of practical expedients , which permit it not to reassess under the new standard its prior conclusions about
lease identification, lease classification and initial direct costs. The Company did not elect the use-of-hindsight or the practical expedient
pertaining to land easements; the latter is not applicable to the Company. In addition, the Company elected not to apply ASC Topic 842
to arrangements with lease terms of 12 months or less. 

Right-of-use assets are
summarized below: 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Right- of- use assets, net 

Operating lease liabilities are summarized as follows: 

Maturity of lease liabilities are as follows: 

SCHEDULE OF MATURITY OF LEASE LIABILITIES 

.184 shares of
Series C Preferred Stock issued by Healthtech Solutions. The Company determined that the fair value of the Series C Preferred Stock was
equal to the amount of cash acquired in the transaction plus the amount of debt in excess of that cash that was assumed, and allocated
the fair value accordingly between the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. 

The parties subsequently agreed that the relationship between Healthtech
Solutions and Varian was not achieving its intended results. Therefore, on November 9, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Exchange
Agreement (the SEA with the Varian Shareholders. in order to unwind its acquisition of Varian. Pursuant to the SEA, (a) the
Varian Shareholders returned to Healthtech all of the outstanding shares of Healthtech Series C Preferred Stock and (b) Healthtech caused
all of the outstanding shares of Varian common stock to be returned to the Varian Shareholders. Immediate subsequently, Varian issued
to Healthtech Varian shares that represent 5.5 of the outstanding shares of Varian. 

The Company has valued its 5.5 interest in Varian at , which represents
5.5 of the value of Varian on the Company s books prior to the transfer pursuant to the SEA. That asset has been combined on the
Company s balance sheet with a receivable from Varian provided for in the SEA, and the combination is classified as investment
in and advance to non-consolidated affiliate . 

Varian incurred in operating loss from the date of acquisition
5/7/2021 through the date of disposition 11/9/2021. That loss has been recorded on the Company s Statements of Operations as a Loss
from Discontinued Operations, Net of Taxes. In addition to the operating loss from discontinued operations, HLTT incurred a Loss
from Disposal, which represented the amount written off after return of the assets and liabilities to Varian per the SEA. 

. During the three-year term of the options, the Company will be entitled to exercise exclusive
managerial control over the operations of Cellsure and over the operations of Biotech related to wound care. 

 In consideration of the transfer of its wound care business to HWC,
HWC issued preferred shares to Biotech and the Company paid Biotech and PTG . Until HWC achieves positive cash flow or 3.5 million
in capital has been contributed to HWC, the preferred shares held by Biotech will represent 30 of HWC s equity and voting power.
The Operations Agreement commits the Company to provide working capital to HWC and Biotech for their wound care business until HWC achieves
positive cash flow or the Company contributes million or the Company determines that market conditions make it unlikely that HWC
will be financially successful. 

 The Company accounted for the acquisition as a business combination. The
Company determined that the consideration for the business was the sum of that the Company paid to PTG. No liabilities were assumed
in connection with the acquisition. The assets acquired were recognized at their fair values as of the effective acquisition date, January
31, 2022, as determined by the Company s management. The following table summarizes the fair values assigned to the assets acquired. 

Assets Acquired 

Equipment 

Patents Pending 

Prepaid Commissions 

Net assets acquired 

per year. The Company also assigned to KLS 19.9 of the capital stock of Medi-Scan, Inc. During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded expenses for advisory services from KLS totaling . During the year ending
December 31, 2022, the Company recorded expenses for advisory services from KLS totaling . 

 On September 13, 2022, Healthtech and Medi-Scan Inc. entered into
a Share Exchange Agreement with Denis Kleinfeld, KLS, and four entities that owned minority shares in Medi-Scan, Inc.: DAK 2017 Trust
Resolution, Jaclene Kleinfeld Trust, DYBIM, LLC and Doncaster Holdings, LLC (the Medi-Scan Shareholders ). The Advisory Agreement between KLS and Medi-Scan was terminated. Healthtech and Medi-Scan gave general releases
to the other six parties and the other six parties gave general releases to Healthtech and Medi-Scan, which included releases of the accrued
liability to KLS under the Advisory Agreement. 

 As of the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowed
 from 3 of its shareholders. The loans are unsecured, payable on demand and bear no interest. In compensation for the loans,
the Board granted the lending shareholders three year options to purchase million common shares, exercisable at per share. 

Series A Preferred Stock, .001 par value 

Undesignated Preferred Stock, .001 par value 

Undesignated Preferred Stock. The Board
of Directors has authority, without shareholder approval and by resolution of the Board of Directors, to amend the Corporation's
Articles of Incorporation to divide the class of undesignated Preferred Stock into series, to designate each such series by a
distinguishing letter, number or title so as to distinguish the shares thereof from the shares of all other series and classes, and
to fix and determine the following relative rights and preferences of the shares of each series so established. 

Issuance of Common Stock Finance 

In May 2021, the Company issued to 30 accredited investors shares
of common stock for aggregate cash proceeds of . 

Issuance of Common Stock Services 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock for services rendered valued at . 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares
of common stock for services rendered valued at . 

Issuance of Common Stock Exchange Transactions 

On May 6, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of common shares in exchange for the settlement of the convertible debentures, see Note 9 and Note 10. These shares were
valued at the previous market closing price of 
per share. 

On May 14, 2021 the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement with Richard
Parker, who is Medi-Scan's Chief Research Officer. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, 

On October 6, 2021, the holders of shares of the Company's Series
A Preferred Stock converted those shares into shares of the Company's common stock. 

On September 13, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock
to two entities. The shares were issued (a) in satisfaction of an account payable of and (b) in exchange for shares in the Company s
subsidiary Medi-Scan, Inc., representing 19.99 of the capital stock of Medi-Scan, Inc. The Company also agreed to pay 25,000 cash for
the Medi-Scan shares at a future date. The Company shares issued in the transaction were valued at the previous market closing price of
 .248 per share for an aggregate value of . On the Company s financial statements, from the purchase price, 187,00
was credited to the satisfaction of the account payable and the remaining 457,500 was applied to purchase of the Medi-Scan shares and
shown as a reduction to non-controlling interest and additional equity of the Company. 

Grant of Stock Options 

On September 6, 2022, the Company granted three-year options to purchase
 million common shares, exercisable at per share, to the shareholders who provided loans to Healthtech during the preceding 12
months. The options vested immediately. The grant was made in compensation for the loans. The aggregate fair value of the options was
determined to be using the Black Scholes Model for option valuation. 

Below are the assumptions applied in determining the fair value of the
options: 

per annum 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Expected volatility 
 per annum 
 
 Expected life of options (in years) 
 years 

.
The Notes provided that, in the event that Medi-Scan was acquired by a corporation whose common stock was registered with the SEC, the
Notes would be automatically exchanged for 7 convertible debentures issued by that acquirer. 

Accordingly, the Company recorded an aggregate initial discount of for the fair value
of the derivative liability at inception of each convertible debenture. During the year ending December 31, 2021, the Company amortized
 and as interest expense . 

On May 6, 2021, by agreement with the holders of the 7 Convertible Debentures,
the Company issued shares of common shares in exchange for surrender of the convertible debentures. 

Convertible
Debentures represented an embedded derivative since the Debentures were convertible into a variable number of shares upon conversion.
Accordingly, the Debentures are not considered to be conventional debt under ASC 815 and the embedded conversion feature was bifurcated
from the debt host and accounted for as a derivative liability. 

The fair value of the derivatives embedded in the Convertible Debentures
as of December 31, 2020 was determined using the Monte Carlo simulation method based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield
of , (2) expected volatility of , (3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of , (4) expected life until ,
and (5) the quoted market price of the Company s common stock at each valuation date. 

At March 31, 2021, the Company marked to market
the fair value of the nine derivatives and determined a fair value of . The Company recorded a gain resulting from change in fair
value of debt derivatives by for the three months ending March 31, 2021. 

 At May 6, 2021, just prior to settlement, the Company marked-to-market
the fair value of the nine derivatives and determined a fair value of . The Company recorded a loss from change in
fair value of debt derivatives of for the three months ended June 30, 2021. Upon the issuance of shares
of common stock (see Note 10), the balance of the derivative liability of and the principal totaling were
reduced to . 

 A summary of changes in Convertible Debentures for the period
ending June 30, 2021 was as follows: 

Issuance in February 2021 

Change in fair value 

Balance at March 31, 2021 

Change in fair value 

Settlement upon exchange for Common Stock 

Balance at June 30, 2021 

from World Reach Med, LLC. The loans were payable on demand and did not
bear interest. World Reach Med, LLC was an affiliate of World Reach Health, LLC, which served as the exclusive distributor for Healthtech
Wound Care, Inc. during 2022. See: Note 15: Subsequent Events regarding (a) the Company s acquisition in January 2023 of a majority
interest in World Reach Holdings, LLC, the owner of World Reach Health, LLC, and (b) the Company s issuance to World Reach Med,
LLC of a secured term note in the principal amount of in satisfaction of the demand loans. 

State tax, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

The following
table reconciles the effective income tax rates with the statutory rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

State tax, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

Deferred tax assets are comprised of the following: 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately of federal
net operating losses that may be available to offset future taxable income. Based upon an analysis of the Company s
stock ownership activity through December 31, 2022, a change of ownership was deemed to have occurred in the 2020 fiscal year. This change
of ownership created an annual limitation of substantially all of the Company s net operating losses which are available through
2036. 

The Company assesses the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be realized.
To the extent that realization is not likely, a valuation allowance is established. Based upon the Company s losses since inception,
management believes that it is more likely than not that future benefit of the deferred tax asset will not be realized principally due
to the continuing losses from operations and the change of ownership limitations and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. 

The tax years ending December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 remain open to examination
by the taxing authorities. 

F- 19 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Not Applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures . As of December 31, 2022, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon that evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures have the following material weaknesses: 

The Company has only one employee responsible for
accounting functions, which prevents us from segregating duties within our internal control system. 

 The Company outsources most of its bookkeeping, accounting
and financial reporting functions to employees of a company owned by one of our shareholders. This arrangement prevents our CFO from
directly supervising the Company's internal accounting functions. 

 We have not developed sufficient documentation concerning
our existing financial processes, risk assessment and internal controls. 

Based on his evaluation, our Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that the Company s system of disclosure controls and procedures was not effective
as of December 31, 2022 for the purposes described in this paragraph. 

 Changes in Internal Controls . There
was no change in internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act
or 1934) identified in connection with the evaluation described in the preceding paragraph that occurred during Healthtech Solutions,
Inc.'s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect Healthtech Solutions, Inc.'s internal
control over financial reporting. 

 Management s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

 Management of the Company is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. We have assessed the effectiveness of those internal controls as of December 31, 2022 using the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission COSO Internal Control Integrated Framework (1992) as a basis for our assessment. 

 Because of inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have
inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to
financial statement preparation and presentation. 

24 

A material weakness in internal controls is
a deficiency in internal control, or combination of control deficiencies, that adversely affects the Company s ability to initiate,
authorize, record, process, or report external financial data reliably in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America such that there is more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the Company s annual
or interim financial statements that is more than inconsequential will not be prevented or detected. In the course of making our assessment
of the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting, we identified three material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting. These material weaknesses consisted of: 

There is only one employee responsible for accounting
functions, which prevents us from segregating duties within our internal control system. 

 The Company outsources most of its bookkeeping, accounting
and financial reporting functions to employees of a company owned by one of our shareholders. This arrangement prevents our CFO from
directly supervising the Company's internal accounting functions. 

 We have not developed sufficient documentation concerning
our existing financial processes, risk assessment and internal controls. 

Management does not believe that the current
level of the Company s operations warrants a remediation of the weaknesses identified in this assessment. However, because of the
above condition, management s assessment is that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were not effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

 This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable 

25 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The names of our current officers, directors and key
employees, as well as certain information about them, are set forth below: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position with Corporation 
 Director Since 
 
 Paul Mann 
 47 
 Chairman of the Board 
 2021 
 
 Jelena Olmstead 
 42 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer 
 2023 
 
 Manuel Iglesias 
 68 
 Director, President (Chief Operating Officer; Chief Financial Officer) 
 2020 
 
 Steven A. Horowitz 
 63 
 Director 
 2021 
 
 James Pesoli 
 42 
 Director, Senior Vice President 
 2023 
 
 Robert Brantl 
 69 
 Secretary 
 -- 
 
 Directors
hold office the annual meeting of the Corporation s stockholders and the election and qualification of their until successors. Officers
hold office, subject to removal at any time by the Board, until the meeting of directors immediately following the annual meeting of stockholders
and until their successors are appointed and qualified. 

 Information concerning the directors and
officers of the Corporation follows: 

 Paul Mann . Mr. Mann has been
appointed to the Board in order that he may contribute his expertise and experience with investment in the healthcare and biotechnology
industries. Mr Mann is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ASP Isotopes, Inc. (NASDAQ: ASPI). Mr. Mann is also the Chairman of
Varian Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., which was both acquired and sold by Healthtech Solutions during 2021. From 2020 until 2022, Mr. Mann
was engaged as a consultant and analyst for DSAM Partners providing investment advice relating to the healthcare industry. From 2018 to
2020, Mr. Mann was employed as the Chief Financial Officer of Polarity TE, Inc. (NASDAQ: PTE), a biotechnology company. From 2011 to 2018
Mr. Mann was employed as portfolio manager or analyst by, in succession, UBS, Lodestone Natural Resources, Soros Fund Management and Highbridge
Capital. Between 2000 and 2011 Mr. Mann spent 11 years as a sellside analyst at Morgan Stanley and Deutsch Bank. Mr. Mann has been a member
of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Abeona Therapeutics Inc. since 2020. In 1998 Mr. Mann graduated from
Cambridge University with an M.A. (Cantab) and M. Eng. after studying Natural Sciences and Chemical Engineering. He is a CFA Charterholder. 

 Jelena Olmstead. Ms. Olmstead
has over 18 years of experience in management of companies in the healthcare sector, including positions with a focus on wound care.
Prior to 2015, Ms. Olmstead was employed by Invacare Corporation, where she became responsible for managing all key accounts, including
long-term care facilities and group purchasing organizations. In 2015, after Invacare sold assets to Joerns Healthcare, Ms. Olmstead
was appointed by Joerns Healthcare its Senior Director of Business Development for Acute, Long-Term and Home Health Care. In 2018 Ms.
Olmstead joined NuMotion, the nation s largest provider of complex rehab technologies. As a Director for NuMotion, Ms. Olmstead
was responsible for the company s programs throughout the Midwest. In 2020 Ms. Olmstead joined World Reach Health LLC as President
of Sales and Business Development. Ms. Olmstead graduated from Purdue University in 2003. 

26 

Manuel Iglesias . Mr.
Iglesias participated in the organization of MediScan in 2018, and has served as its President and Chief Operating Officer since that
time. My. Iglesias also served as Chief Executive Officer of Mediscan from its organization until May 2020. Mr. Iglesias has practiced
law since 1980, most recently (since 2009) as sole member of Manuel E. Iglesias P.A. Mr. Iglesias' practice focuses on business law, mergers
and acquisitions, securities and health care. From 2007 until May 2018 Mr. Iglesias served as President, CEO and a member of the Board
of Directors of Hygea Holdings Corp., which provided primary care medical services. From 2012 until 2016, Hygea Holdings Corp. filed reports
with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act. In March of 2020, twenty-two months
after Mr. Iglesias resigned from its management, Hygea Holdings Corp. petitioned for relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.
From 2017 to 2019 Mr. Iglesias also served on the Board of Directors of Organicell Regenerative Medicine Inc., which files reports pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act. During 2022 Mr. Iglesias filed an individual petition for reorganization under Chapter
11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code; the proceedings remain pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District
of Florida. Mr. Iglesias served as the National Chairman of the Republican National Lawyers Association from December 2018 to December
2020. Mr. Iglesias was awarded an MBA degree by the University of Chicago in 1981 and a J.D. degree by the University of Chicago in 1979.
Mr. Iglesias also received a Bachelor Degree in Foreign Service from the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service in 1976. 

 Steven A. Horowitz . Mr. Horowitz
has been appointed to the Board in order that he may contribute his many years of experience as a business advisor and financial analyst.
Since 2015, Mr. Horowitz has been employed as a Managing Member of Horowitz Rubenstein, LLC, a law firm focused on business development
and financial management. From 2007 until 2015, Mr. Horowitz was the Managing Member of Horowitz Consulting Group, LLC, which provided
business consulting services. In 1984 Mr. Horowitz was awarded a J.D. degree by the Maurice A. Deane School of Law at Hofstra University.
In 1989, Mr. Horowitz was awarded a Master of Business Administration degree with a concentration in Public Accounting, by the Frank G.
Zarb School of Business at Hofstra University. 

 James Pesoli. Mr. Pesoli has been
engaged in the practice of business law since graduating law school in 2009. He also has over 10 years of experience in business management.
In 2012 Mr. Pesoli co-founded Sonic Cleaning Services, LLC, which provided non-professional staff to skilled nursing and long-term care
facilities throughout the Midwest. Mr. Pesoli and his partners sold that business and separated from it in 2015. In 2018 Mr. Pesoli co-founded
Disruptive Media Partners, LLC, a media and entertainment consulting firm that provided financing, deal strategy and global production
services to film producers and others in the entertainment industry. In 2019 Mr. Pesoli launched Munitech, LLC, an SaaS provider of e-platforms
for government services. In 2020 Mr. Pesoli joined World Reach Health LLC as CEO. Mr. Pesoli graduated from The John Marshall Law School
in 2009. 

 Robert
Brantl . Mr. Brantl served as the sole officer and director of Healthtech Solutions from July 2017 until
September 4, 2020 and is currently the Corporate Secretary. Since 1980, Mr. Brantl has been employed as an attorney, licensed to
practice law in the State of New York. He has been a sole practitioner, specializing in matters of securities regulation and
corporate finance, since 1998. Mr. Brantl was awarded a J.D. degree by the Harvard Law School in 1979. 

27 

Audit Committee 

 The Board of Directors has not appointed an
Audit Committee. The functions that would be performed by an Audit Committee are performed by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors
has determined that Paul Mann possesses the qualifications to serve as an audit committee financial expert by reason of
his prior experience in financial analysis. 

 Code of Ethics 

 The Company has not adopted a formal code of
ethics applicable to its executive officers because there are only three executive officers. As the size of management expands, the Board
of Directors intends to adopt a code of ethics for the Company. 

 Director Independence 

 Of the four current directors, one (Steven Horowitz)
is independent as the term independent is defined by the rules of the NYSE American. 

 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

 The following officers, directors or beneficial
owners of more than 10 of the Company s common stock failed to file on a timely basis the reports identified below that were required
by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Steven A. Horowitz failed to file one Form 4 

Robert Brantl - failed to file one Form 4. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Healthtech Solutions (including Medi-Scan, Inc.
on a pro forma basis for periods prior to the acquisition of Medi-Scan by Healthtech Solutions in November 2020) paid compensation for
services as an officer to only one person on a continuing basis during 2022, 2021 and 2020. (Excluded are payments made to two individuals
who served as executive officers of Healthtech Solutions for brief periods of 2021, one from May until September and one from July until
September.) The table below sets forth the annual compensation paid or accrued by the Company for payment to that individual during the
Company's last three fiscal years. 

Fiscal 
 Year 

Salary(1) 

Bonus 

Stock 
 Awards 

Option 
 Awards 

Other 
 Compensation 

Total 
 
 Manuel Iglesias 

2022 

2021 

100,000 

(2) 

100,000 

2020 

80,000 

80,000 

_____________________________ 

28 

(1) 
Represents payments of 10,000 per month commencing in May 2020 and ending in November 2021 made to the law firm of Manuel E. Iglesias,
P.A. as compensation for Mr. Iglesias' services as an executive officer. 

 (2) On July
19, 2021 Healthtech Solutions awarded 500,000 shares of restricted stock to The Manuel E. Iglesias Trust, of which Mr. Iglesias is the
beneficiary. The shares will vest over three years of Mr. Iglesias employment. 

 Employment Agreements 

 On January 27, 2023 HLTT entered into Executive
Employment Agreements with each of its three executive officers. Each of the Agreements has a three-year term and provides for an annual
salary, a bonus at the discretion of the Board of Directors, and customary perks. The significant distinctions among the agreements are: 

Jelena Olmstead 
 Manuel Iglesias 
 James Pesoli 
 
 Position with HLTT: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 President, Chief Operating Officer 
 Senior Vice President 
 
 Position with Subsidiaries: 
 __ 
 Manager-Designate and Chief Financial Officer: WR Holdings, WR Health and The Clia Lab LLC 
 Chief Executive Officer: WR Holdings and WRH 
 
 Commitment: 
 Full-Time 
 Full-Time 
 Not Full-Time 
 
 Base Salary: 
 350,000 
 240,000 
 240,000 

Compensation of Directors 

 In July 2021, the Company entered into a Director
Agreement with Steven A. Horowitz, which is applicable throughout his tenure on the Board. The Company agreed to pay Mr. Horowitz a fee
for his service of 50,000 per year, payable at Mr. Horowitz's discretion in cash or common stock at market value. In addition, upon execution
of the Director Agreement, the Company awarded 500,000 shares of restricted common stock to Mr. Horowitz, which will vest over a three
year period of service on the Board. The award agreement provides that whenever Mr. Horowitz is re-elected to the Board at an annual meeting
of the shareholders, the Company will grant him additional restricted shares equal to 0.25 of the fully diluted outstanding shares. 

 In July 2021, the Company entered into a Director
Agreement with Paul Mann, which is applicable throughout his tenure on the Board. The Company agreed to pay Mr. Mann a fee for his service
of 50,000 per year, payable at Mr. Mann's discretion in cash or common stock at market value. In addition, upon execution of the Director
Agreement, the Company awarded 500,000 shares of restricted common stock to Mr. Mann, which will vest over a three year period of service
on the Board. The award agreement provides that whenever Mr. Mann is re-elected to the Board at an annual meeting of the shareholders,
the Company will grant him additional restricted shares equal to 0.25 of the fully diluted outstanding shares. 

29 

In November 2022 Healthtech
Solutions issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to each of its two non-executive directors in compensation for services. In November
2021 Healthtech Solutions issued 1,500,000 shares of common stock to each of its two non-executive directors in compensation for services. 

 Equity Grants 

 Healthtech Solutions, Inc. has not adopted any
equity grant program. 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management 

The following table sets forth information known
to us with respect to the beneficial ownership of each class of our voting stock as of the date of this registration statement by the
following: 

each shareholder known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of our common stock, 

Jelena Olmstead, our Chief Executive Officer, 

each of our directors, and 

all directors and executive officers as a group. 

There are 96,131,606 shares of our common stock
issued and outstanding and 110,520 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Report. Each share
of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible by its holder into 50 shares of common stock after May 31, 2024 and carries voting rights equal
to those carried by 50 shares of common stock. Healthtech Solutions, Inc. does not have any other class of stock outstanding. Except as
otherwise indicated, we believe that the beneficial owners of the common stock listed below have sole voting power and investment power
with respect to their shares, subject to community property laws where applicable. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with
the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common
 Stock 
 Series
 A Preferred 

Name of 
 Beneficial
 Owner 
 Amount
 and Nature of 
 Beneficial
 Ownership (1) 
 Percentage 
 of
 Class 
 Amount
 and Nature of 
 Beneficial
 Ownership (1) 
 Percentage 
 of
 Class 
 Total
 Voting Power 
 
 Jelena
 Olmstead (2) 
 6,061,907 
 6.3 
 -- 
 -- 
 5.9 
 
 Manuel
 Iglesias (3) 
 129,309 
 0.1 
 3,137 
 2.8 
 0.3 
 
 Steven
 Horowitz (4) 
 3,336,199 
 3.5 
 17,252 
 15.6 
 4.1 
 
 Paul
 Mann (5) 
 2,666,667 
 2.8 
 -- 
 -- 
 2.6 
 
 James
 Pesoli (6) 
 12,496,622 
 12.8 
 -- 
 -- 
 12.1 
 
 All
 officers and directors as a group (6 persons) 
 25,940,704 
 26.3 
 20,389 
 18.4 
 25.9 
 
 T2L2J3,
 LLC (7) 
 5.987,913 
 6.2 
 -- 
 -- 
 5.9 

Richard F. Parker Charlotte B. Parker Revocable Living Trust (8) 
 5,662,270 
 5.9 
 -- 
 -- 
 5.6 
 
 Exeter Life LLC (9) 
 711,199 
 0.7 
 17,252 
 15.6 
 2.4 
 
 Jonathan Leinwand 10 
 -- 
 -- 
 43,946 
 39.8 
 2.2 
 
 _________________________________________ 

30 

(1) Ownership is of record
and beneficial unless otherwise noted. 

(2) Includes 5,211,907 shares and options to purchase 850,000 shares at a price of 0.25 per share owned of record by Redi-Med Consulting,
LLC, of which Ms. Olmstead is the Manager. 

(3) Shares attributed to Mr. M.E. Iglesias are owned by Manuel E. Iglesias Trust, of which Mr. Iglesias is beneficiary. The Table does
not reflect 500,000 shares of restricted common stock issued to Mr. Iglesias, which will vest during the first three years of his employment. 

(4) Includes 711,199 shares of common stock and 17,252 shares of Series A Preferred Stock owned by Exeter Life, LLC., of which Mr. Horowitz
serves as Manager. Also includes 125,000 shares of common stock owned by Horowitz Rubenstein, LLC, of which Mr. Horowitz is a Managing
Member. The Table does not reflect 500,000 shares of restricted common stock issued to Mr. Horowitz, which will vest during the first
three years of his tenure on the Board. 

(5) The Table does not reflect (a) 333,334 shares of restricted common stock issued to Mr. Mann, which will vest during the second and
third years of his tenure on the Board, or (b) 1,000,000 performance stock units which will vest on July 13, 2024 

(6) Includes 5,903,946 shares and options to purchase 1,380,769 shares at a price of 0.25 per share owned of record by World Reach Med,
LLC, of which Mr. Pesoli is the Manager. Also includes 5,211,907 shares owned of record by Live For Today Ventures, LLC of which Mr. Pesoli
is the Manager. 

(7) Lee DeWald has voting and dispositional control over the shares owned by T2L2J3, LLC. 

(8) Richard F. Parker has voting and dispositional control over shares owned by the Trust. 

(9) Steven Horowitz has voting control over shares owned by Exeter Life LLC. 

(10) Mr. Leinwand controls the Series A shares as voting trustee appointed by Keystone Capital Partners. 

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Director Independence 

Related Party Transactions 

 There have been no transactions since January 1, 2022 or any currently
proposed transaction, in which Healthtech Solutions or its subsidiaries was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded
or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of the total assets of Healthtech Solutions at year-end for the last two
completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Director Independence 

 The Board of Directors has determined that Steven
A. Horowitz is the only member of our Board of Directors who is independent, as independent is defined in the rules of the
NYSE American. 

31 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Prager Metis CPAs, LLC has been the independent registered
public accountant for the Company since June 26, 2020. 

Audit Fees 

Prager Metis CPAs, LLC billed 66,500 in
connection with the audit of the Company's financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. Prager Metis CPAs, LLC billed
 45,000 in connection with the audit of the Company's financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Prager Metis CPAs, LLC did not bill the Company for
any Audit-Related fees in fiscal 2021 or 2020. 

Tax Fees 

Prager Metis CPAs, LLC billed 9,500 for
professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning in fiscal 2022. Prager Metis CPAs, LLC did not bill
the Company for any professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning in fiscal 2021. 

All Other Fees 

Prager Metis CPAs, LLC did not bill the Company for
any other fees in fiscal 2022 or 2021. 

It is the policy of the Company that all services,
other than audit, review or attest services, must be pre-approved by the Board of Directors. 

32 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Exhibits 

3-a 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation filed on July 12, 2004 (1) 
 
 3-a(1) 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed on September 27, 2006 (1) 

3-a(2) 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed on June 28, 2019 (1) 
 
 3-a(3) 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed on November 6, 2020 (2) 
 
 3-a(4) 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed on November 16, 2020 (3) 
 
 3-a(5) 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed on February 16, 2021 (4) 
 
 3-a(6) 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed on March 31, 2021 (5) 
 
 3-a(7) 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed on November 12, 2021 (6) 
 
 3-b 
 Bylaws - as amended on June 25, 2019 (1) 
 
 4(vi) 
 Description of Common Stock filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on
April 15, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10-a 
 Technology Assignment Agreement dated December 18, 2018 among Richard Parker, 6 Sigma LLC and Medi-Scan, LLC (3) 
 
 10-b 
 Director Agreement dated July 2, 2021 between Healthtech Solutions, Inc. and Steven A. Horowitz (7) 
 
 10-c 
 Director Agreement dated July 13, 2021 between Healthtech Solutions, Inc. and Paul Mann (8) 
 
 10-d 
 Consulting Agreement dated July 13, 2021 between Healthtech Solutions, Inc. and Paul Mann (8) 
 
 10-e 
 Operations Agreement dated January 31, 2022 among Healthtech Solutions, Inc., Healthtech Wound Care, Inc., Predictive Biotech, Inc. and Predictive Technology Group, Inc. (9) 
 
 10-f 
 Promissory Note dated as of December 31, 2022 issued by Healthtech Solutions,
Inc. to World Reach Med, LLC. (10) 
 
 10-g 
 Security Agreement dated January 27, 2023 between Healthtech Solutions,
Inc. and its subsidiaries and World Reach Med, LLC. (10) 
 
 10-h 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated January 27, 2023 between Healthtech
Solutions, Inc. and Jelena Olmstead. (10) 
 
 10-i 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated January 27, 2023 between Healthtech
Solutions, Inc. and Manuel E. Iglesias. (10) 
 
 10-j 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated January 27, 2023 between Healthtech
Solutions, Inc. and James Pesoli. (10) 
 
 21 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive 
 
 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial
 Officer 
 
 32.1 
 Rule 13a-14(b) Certification of Principal Executive 
 
 32.2 
 Rule 13a-14(b) Certification of Principal Financial
 Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL) and contained in Exhibit 101 

33 

(1) 
 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on March 19, 2020. 
 
 (2) 
 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 
 
 (3) 
 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2020. 
 
 (4) 
 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2021. 
 
 (5) 
 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report filed on April 1, 2021. 
 
 (6) 
 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report filed on November 18, 2021. 
 
 (7) 
 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report filed on July 2, 2021. 
 
 (8) 
 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report filed on July 13, 2021. 
 
 (9) 
 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report filed on February 3, 2022. 
 
 (10) 
 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report filed on February 2, 2023. 

Furnished, not filed. 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

34 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, the Registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Healthtech Solutions, Inc. 

By: /s/ Manuel E. Iglesias 

Manuel E. Iglesias, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this Report
has been signed below on June 27, 2023 by the following persons, on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

/s/ Jelena Olmstead 

 Jelena Olmstead, Director 

 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Manuel E. Iglesias 

 Manuel E. Iglesias, Director 

 Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Steven A. Horowitz 

 Steven A. Horowitz, Director 

/s/ Paul Mann 

 Paul Mann, Director 

/s/ James Pesoli 

 James Pesoli, Director 

35 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

EXHIBIT 21: SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 

MediScan, Inc., a Florida corporation 

RevHeart, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

Healthtech Wound Care, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

Healthtech Management Services, LLC, a Utah limited liability company 

The Clia Lab, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

World Reach Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

World Reach Health, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

1 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex311.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1: Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal
Executive Officer 

I, Jelena Olmstead, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of Healthtech Solutions, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal
controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 27, 2023 
 /s/ Jelena Olmstead 

Jelena Olmstead, Principal Executive Officer 

1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex312.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2: Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal
Financial Officer 

I, Manuel Iglesias, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of Healthtech Solutions, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal
controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 27, 2023 
 /s/ Manuel
Iglesias 

Manuel Iglesias, Principal Financial
Officer 

1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex321.htm
 RULE 13A-14(B) CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT
32.1: Rule 13a-14(b) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

The undersigned officer certifies that this report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and that the information contained in the report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Healthtech Solutions, Inc. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Healthtech Solutions, Inc. and will be retained by Healthtech Solutions, Inc. and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: June 27, 2023 
 /s/ Jelena Olmstead 

Jelena Olmstead, Principal Executive Officer 

1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex322.htm
 RULE 13A-14(B) CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT
32.2: Rule 13a-14(b) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

The undersigned officer certifies that this report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and that the information contained in the report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Healthtech Solutions, Inc. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Healthtech Solutions, Inc. and will be retained by Healthtech Solutions, Inc. and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: June 27, 2023 
 /s/ Manuel
Iglesias 

Manuel Iglesias, Principal Financial
Officer 

1 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 hltt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 hltt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 hltt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 hltt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

