<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1000683_0001213900-23-030312.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6255848</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>280775</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1249994</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1323088</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1699715</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1549278</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030312.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417170738
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030312
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001000683
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		IRS NUMBER:				521611421
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14120
		FILM NUMBER:		23824676

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE JAKE BROWN RD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1000
		CITY:			OLD BRIDGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08857
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9086794000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE JAKE BROWN ROAD
		CITY:			OLD BRIDGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08857

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030312.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_blonderton.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ________ to ________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbols(s) Name of Exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definition of accelerated filer, large accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of
the registrant as of June 30, 2022: 

Number of shares of common stock, par value .001,
outstanding as of April 14, 2023: 

Documents incorporated by reference: Portions
of the registrant's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein. Such proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days of the registrant's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 25 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 27 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 37 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 37 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 38 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 38 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 38 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 39 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 39 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 39 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 39 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 39 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules 
 40 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 47 

SIGNATURES 

i 

Forward-Looking Statements 

In addition to historical
information, this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc., a Delaware Corporation Blonder Tongue 
or the Company ), contains forward-looking statements regarding future events relating to such matters as anticipated
financial performance, business prospects, technological developments, new products, research and development activities and similar matters.
The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 provide safe
harbors for forward-looking statements. In order to comply with the terms of these safe harbors, the Company notes that a variety of factors
could cause the Company s actual results and experience to differ materially and adversely from the anticipated results or other
expectations expressed in the Company s forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties that may affect the operation, performance,
development and results of the Company s business include, but are not limited to, those matters discussed herein in the sections
entitled Item 1 - Business, Item 1A - Risk Factors, Item 3 - Legal Proceedings and Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The words believe, expect, anticipate, project, 
 target, intend, plan, seek, estimate, endeavor, should, 
 could, may and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements
that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated trends in our business and other characterizations of future
events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements,
which reflect management s analysis only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date hereof, except as may be required under applicable law. Readers
should carefully review the risk factors described herein and in other documents the Company files from time to time with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Introduction 

Blonder Tongue, with its subsidiary
R. L. Drake Holdings, LLC Drake ), is a technology research and development R D company
with U.S.-based manufacturing, that delivers a wide range of products and services to major telecommunications, cable and fiber optic
service delivery operators, as well as broadcasters and media production companies. For over 70 years, Blonder Tongue Labs and Drake Digital
products have provided the latest technology for telecom company Central Offices (COs), cable operator headends, broadcaster studios (together
 Telecom ), as well as to lodging/hospitality, multi-dwelling units/apartments MDU and a range
of business to business B-B customers at a wide range of locations including university campuses, healthcare/hospitals,
fitness centers, government facilities, military bases, prisons, airports, sports stadiums/arenas, entertainment venues/casinos, retail
stores, and other small-medium businesses. These applications are also variously described as small and medium sized businesses in commercial,
institutional, or enterprise environments, and will be referred to herein collectively as SMB . The customers we serve
also include business entities distributing and installing private data delivery, broadband and video networks in these environments,
including the world s largest cable television operators, telecommunications providers and satellite providers, as well as integrators,
architects, engineers of the next generation of Internet Protocol Television IPTV streaming video service providers. 

The Company continues to be
focused on the needs of an expanding group of customers, providing high quality, ultra-high reliability technology products to meet their
needs and supporting those products following deployment. For over 70 years Blonder Tongue has provided innovative solutions based on
continually advancing technology. Since its founding, Blonder Tongue has continued to keep abreast of evolving technologies, from analog
to digital television, Hybrid-Fiber Coax HFC networks with Quadrature Amplitude Modulation QAM edge devices, High Definition HD and Ultra HD 4K and UHD video encoding
and transcoding, IPTV processing and distribution, and most recently with the introduction of multiscreen Adaptive Bit Rate ABR technologies and high-speed data delivery and reception technologies. 

The cable and telecommunications
markets have reacted quickly to consumer demands for additional services by integrating multiple technologies into existing networks,
providing consumers with high-speed internet access in addition to enhanced video offerings. Today, video offerings have expanded from
traditional broadcast linear delivery to the living room TV to live streaming to any device in your home or on the go. Traditional TV
content is now available in any format to be viewed on tablets, mobile phones, computers or gaming consoles. SMB and IPTV service providers
are migrating their video-on-demand VOD architecture to IPTV, and a multiscreen ecosystem. Service operators and
SMB businesses are upgrading their networks to have the capability to deliver 4K video resolution content to TVs and adding the capability
of IPTV streaming to additional, normally small screens, thereby expanding viewer access to HD content on any IP-connected devices. The
infrastructure requirements to enable IP streaming with a wide variety of resolutions and ABR bit rates provides the Company with an opportunity
to market and sell its expanded IP streaming encoders and digital product lines. 

Both the IPTV and SMB markets
are forecast to grow over the next few years. The IPTV market was valued at 59.7 billion in 2021 and is expected to reach 146.2 billion
by 2031; a CAGR of 9.5 from 2022 to 2031. The SMB market segments that the Company serves have been focused on the migration from HFC
to IPTV networks. The Company has expanded its video product line portfolio to address the growth of IP streaming. The Company has collaborated
with large telecommunications operators and with leading cable television CATV Multiple System Operators MSOs to produce new cost-effective video encoder and transcoder products for IP support of both traditional broadcast and Public, Education
and Government PEG video content. The company has also been involved recently in initiatives for regional content
acquisition for backhaul, ingest and redistribution from centralized facilities using modern IP, IPTV and CDN video distribution architectures,
these technologies taken together are referred to as Over The Top or OTT . In 2018, the Company introduced the NeXgen Gateway NXG digital video signal processing platform to specifically address the service provider challenges of migrating
from traditional CATV HFC based topologies and technologies to Internet Protocol IP and IPTV based topologies and
technologies. As the industry has begun to adopt UHD, 4K, and High Efficiency Video Coding HEVC encoding, the Company
has begun to produce products to support these emerging requirements. IPTV growth worldwide is projected to result in 398 million subscribers
by 2026. NXG sales were 2,709,000 in 2022 and 1,924,000 in 2021, respectively. 

1 

In January 2020, the Company
began implementing a strategic plan to improve operating results and increase shareholder value. This plan consists of: 

Rationalizing operating expenses
to anticipated revenue and income levels 

Focusing R D on short-term
high-confidence opportunities with compelling ROI 

Expanding sales and marketing
efforts directly to service operators 

Streamlining manufacturing operations
and simplifying product offerings, and 

Increasing gross margins. 

In April 2023, the Company
has further decided to revise its strategic plan in order to achieve profitability, which may include but is not limited to: 

Scaling down certain less profitable operations; and 

Reduction in work force. 

The Company has entered into
and/or renewed several agreements through which it has acquired rights to use and incorporate certain proprietary technologies in its
digital encoder, transcoder and NXG lines of products, including: 

1. Widevine / Google LLC, DRM License
Agreement for content partners and OEMs (Google LLC). 

2. Verimatrix ViewRight IPTV and
ViewRight IPTV Professional License to Distribute, License to Integrate and Client Integration Agreement. 

3. Implementation and System License
Agreement with Dolby Laboratories Licensing Corporation Dolby Labs for Dolby Digital Plus Professional Encoder,
5.1 and 2 channel licensed technology. 

4. License Agreement with LG Electronics
as a Pro:Idiom content Protection System Manufacturer. 

5. Ownership from the Motion Picture
Experts Group of an MPEG-2 4:2:2 Profile High Level Video Encoder IP core. 

The Widevine / Google LLC
License Agreement grants the Company the right to manufacture, label and sell professional Digital Rights Management DRM enabled products that include certain Widevine DRM technologies. 

The Verimatrix ViewRight IPTV,
ViewRight IPTV Professional License to Distribute, License to Integrate and Client Integration Agreement grants the Company the right
to integrate the Company s products with Verimatrix ViewRight IPTV and ViewRight IPTV Professional DRM technologies and to sell
and distribute the resulting integrated products to Service Operator customers that hold Verimatrix licenses to deploy the associated
DRM technologies. 

The Dolby Labs License
Agreement grants the Company the right to manufacture, label and sell professional digital encoder products and consumer digital decoder
products and to use the Dolby trademarks. This technology has a number of improvements aimed at increasing quality at a given bit rate
compared with legacy Dolby Digital (AC-3). Most notably, it offers increased bit rates, support for more audio channels, improved coding
techniques to reduce compression artifacts, and backward compatibility with existing AC-3 hardware. 

The LG Electronics license
agreement provides the Company with certain technology necessary for the provision of Pro:Idiom encryption and decryption devices for
the hospitality industry. Almost all of the high value content owners require that service providers protect the content by employing
this technology. Consequently, content can be transferred through and among these devices only if incorporating this technology. 

The Pro:Idiom digital technology
platform provides the hospitality market with a robust, secure DRM system, ensuring rapid, broad deployment of HD television HDTV and other high-value digital content to licensed users in the lodging industry. Lodging industry leaders such as World Cinema Inc. have
licensed the Pro:Idiom DRM system. A growing number of content providers have demonstrated their acceptance of Pro:Idiom by licensing
their HD content for delivery by Pro:Idiom licensees. 

The MPEG-2 Encoder IP core
has a unique compression engine capable of creating HD MPEG-2 real-time encoding of a single channel of 1080i/720p/480i video. The use
of this real-time encoding technique enables the Company to provide broadcast MPEG-2 HD and SD encoding. MPEG-2 is widely used as the
format of digital television signals that are broadcast by terrestrial (over-the-air), cable, and direct broadcast satellite TV systems. 

2 

The H.264/AVC is a video compression
standard that enables a compelling solution for growing IP video services. The H.264 HD Encoder core has the capability to cut the bandwidth
requirement for digital video delivery in half when compared against MPEG-2 encoders. This essentially facilitates the transmission of
twice the number of programs in a given bandwidth. The use of this H.264 encoding technology enables the Company to provide high quality
video at higher resolutions like 720p, 1080i and 1080p. H.264 is a widely used format for transmitting high quality digital television
signals over IP and Wi-Fi networks. The Company started shipping the H.264 capable encoders in 2012. 

The H.265/HEVC technology
is a video compression standard that enables IP and IPTV video services to be better prepared for transmission and streaming over even
narrower and less robust networks as compared to both MPEG-2 and H.264 technologies. HEVC is and is expected to be primarily used by current
and future internet based and private IP based over-the-top video streaming services and in the near future for satellite and terrestrial
transmissions. The Company began to ship HEVC capable encoders and transcoders in 2020. 

Secure Reliable Transport SRT technology is a video and IP network oriented forward error correction FEC ), security and reliability
application level protocol designed to allow for high confidence transmission of compressed video and audio content over the open internet
or over privately owned IP networks. SRT has been standardized by the SRT Alliance, consisting of a group of international participating
companies. The Company completed its implementation of SRT and began shipping SRT capable products supporting video encoder, transcoder
and IP network interfaces in 2021. 

The Advanced Encryption Standard AES technology is a US National Institute of Standards and Technology NIST standard for the protection
of electronic data, including data based content such as digitized audio and video transmissions. Blonder Tongue Laboratories has broadened
the use of and implementations of AES technology across a wide range of product lines and use cases over the course of 2020 and 2021. 

MPEG-DASH and HLS are the
two primary Adaptive Bit-Rate ABR technologies used in internet, IPTV and Wi-Fi based video delivery in the world today,
enabling multi-screen delivery and optimization of video quality to the available bandwidth of an internet connection to television, phone,
tablet or other viewing locations. The Company completed initial ABR technology and product implementations in 2021. 

In 2019, the Company initiated a consumer premise equipment CPE sales initiative. The products were primarily comprised of Android-based IPTV set top boxes targeted to the Tier 2 and Tier 3 telecommunications
and fiber optics based service providers. Total CPE product sales, including product accessories and replacement parts, were 29,000 in
2022 and 1,120,000 in 2021. 

The Company s manufacturing
is located primarily in its facility in Old Bridge, New Jersey (the Old Bridge Facility with a small portion of
overall product production supported by key contract manufacturers located in Ohio, Taiwan, South Korea and the People s Republic
of China PRC ). The Company currently manufactures the large majority of its digital products, including the latest
NXG, Clearview, Aircaster and Drake series product lines, as well as other digital signal processing product models at its Old Bridge,
New Jersey Facility. Since 2007 the Company has been manufacturing certain high- volume, labor intensive products, including certain of
the Company s analog products, in the PRC, pursuant to a manufacturing agreement that governs the production of products that may
from time to time be the subject of purchase orders submitted by (and in the discretion of) the Company. The Company does not currently
anticipate the transfer of any additional products to the PRC for manufacture. Since 2019 the Company also has been manufacturing certain
high-volume, labor intensive products in Taiwan and South Korea. This product mix represents a small percentage of the Company s
revenue but allows the Company to benefit from relatively favorable tariff policies. Since 2021, the Company has begun outsourcing a small
percentage of product-specific manufacturing to a contract manufacturer in Ohio. Manufacturing products at the Company s Old Bridge
Facility and in Ohio, the PRC, Taiwan and South Korea enables the Company to realize cost reductions and, with regard to Ohio, Taiwan
and South Korea, favorable tariff treatment while maintaining a competitive position and time-to-market advantages. 

The Company was incorporated
in November, 1988, under the laws of Delaware as GPS Acquisition Corp. for the purpose of acquiring the business of Blonder-Tongue Laboratories,
Inc., a New Jersey corporation, which was founded in 1950 by Ben H. Tongue and Isaac S. Blonder to design, manufacture and supply a line
of electronics and systems equipment principally for the private cable industry. Following the acquisition, the Company changed its name
to Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. The Company completed the initial public offering of its shares of common stock in December, 1995.
The address of the Company s principal executive offices is One Jake Brown Road, Old Bridge, New Jersey 08857, and its telephone
number at that location is (732) 679-4000. 

3 

Strategy 

Telecom 

The primary end locations
of the Company s products have evolved to focus on Telco COs, cable operator headends, and local content ingest locations for Telco,
cable and fiber optic based service operators. We provide a wide range of products to meet the special needs of these applications, and
we serve many types of customers, from large Telco and cable companies to distribution channels, integrators and private contractors.
We sell to companies installing or distributing video and data delivery products including: 

Telephone and fiber optics telecommunications
operators (both large and small) that design, package, install and in most cases operate, upgrade and maintain the systems they build;
cable system operators (both large and small) that design, package, install and in most instances operate, upgrade and maintain the systems
they build; 

Television broadcasters and
video production facilities that create signals for redistribution and require digital encoding, transcoding, transmission and encryption/security
technology; 

Telephone, fiber optics, and
cable-based telecommunications operators who deploy their services in the Lodging, Hospitality and Assisted Living Markets; and 

SMB system operators that operate,
upgrade, and maintain the systems that are in their facilities, or contractors that install, upgrade and maintain these systems in a
wide variety of applications. 

The key to proactively responding
to the evolving needs of the foregoing Telecom environment is to build a suite of product solutions that are optimized for the operator s
existing infrastructure, as well as future strategy. Operators look for the following features when selecting technology: 

Versatility for Now, 
providing multiple source inputs and different output formats, including simultaneous IPTV, QAM, and NTSC analog television capability.
OTT technology support, off-air local program ingest, locally generated content, and national broadcasts can all be viewed on televisions
via coax, as well as on desktops, phones and tablets, and other connected devices via an IP network. This allows operators to expand
the reach of their video without having to run additional wiring throughout a facility and optimize the use of existing infrastructures. 

Flexibility for the Future,
 recognizing that even if an operator is not utilizing IPTV, QAM and NTSC analog outputs today, these features may be needed tomorrow.
Operators seek to choose scalable technology that can keep up with advances in system architecture and allow them to best leverage existing
data and Wi-Fi infrastructure, without overburdening it. This includes considerations for TV Everywhere (bring your own content/device)
as well as Ultra-HD and 4K resolution television. 

Affordability, identifying
high-quality, cost-effective, innovative solutions with a strong performance-to-cost ratio, is the key to ensure that the service provider
can offer a competitively priced package to their residential, business and enterprise customers by focusing on the features required
and its management, including remote setup, monitoring and diagnostics through an IP interface and potentially providing a hot spare,
hot swap or automatic failover capability. 

The functions and features
of the Blonder Tongue NXG, Clearview, Aircaster and Drake series product lines are specifically targeted to deliver comprehensive and
cost-effective solutions to all the market needs described in the forgoing paragraphs. 

A key component of the Company s
growth strategy is to leverage its reputation across a comprehensive product line, offering one-stop-shop convenience to the telco, cable,
fiber optic, broadcast and professional markets and deliver products having a high performance-to-cost ratio. The Company has historically
enjoyed, and continues to enjoy, a leading position in specific portions of the Telecom market segments that it serves. 

SMB 

The ongoing evolution of the
Company s product lines for the SMB marketplace and for service operators and integrators serving the SMB marketplace focus on the
increased needs created in digital technology by digital video, IPTV, HDTV and 4K signals, and the transport of these signals over state-of-the-art
broadband, ethernet, Wi-Fi and fiber optic networks. The Company has begun to renew R D and new product efforts in this market segment
recently as the SMB markets have begun recovery. 

4 

CPE 

In 2019, the Company initiated a consumer premise equipment CPE sales initiative, comprised primarily of Android-based IPTV set top boxes to the Tier 2 and Tier 3 cable and telecommunications service
providers. This strategic initiative was designed to secure direct relationships with a wide range of service providers, and increase
sales of the Company s Telecom and SMB products by the BT Premier Distributors to those same service providers, during. In 2021,
the Company determined to de-emphasize CPE products and strategy due to the initiative s low gross margin. Total CPE product sales,
including product accessories and replacement parts, were 29,000 in 2022 and 1,120,000 in 2021 and accounted for approximately 0 and
7 of the Company s 2022 and 2021 revenues, respectively. CPE related contribution to net income has not had a material impact on
the Company s performance. 

Markets Overview 

For the last 40 years, the
television industry has been dominated by traditional cable operators, who subsequently expanded into high-speed internet, telephony,
and wireless services and are currently estimated to have 46.5 million video subscribers in the U.S. market. The penetration of wireless
and direct-broadcast satellite DBS (such as DIRECTV and DISH Network in the video
market, while reduced, still has a combined subscriber count of approximately 17.5 million. Telephone companies (i.e. Verizon) also compete
with cable operators for services on a national level, delivering video, high-speed internet and telephony services direct to the home
or to the curb with an estimate of over 6.5 million video subscribers. 

With IPTV technology comes
additional market pressures and opportunities. First, there is the matter of alternative TV services riding OTT on existing high-speed
data infrastructures, where the delivered video is not part of the service provider s own video content or service. Examples include
Web-delivered video such as Netflix, Hulu, Prime Video and Apple TV. Cable, satellite and telco service providers have been innovating
to provide additional service offerings to compete with lower cost OTT television providers (subscribers exceeding 300 million globally).
In addition, content providers such as Disney, NBC, HBO, SHOWTIME and CBS have deployed their own streaming services, without requiring
a cable TV subscription. Streaming service subscribers are now larger in count than cable, DBS and telco TV subscribers. With the advent
of TV Everywhere , where video is displayed not only on the traditional television, but also on personal computers and mobile
devices, service providers are trying to tackle not only technological challenges associated with these offerings, but also content management
and customer authentication. The idea that the consumer is at the center, and not the hardware or the network, is revolutionizing how
video (and media) content is delivered. 

The long-term implications
of these developments are increased competition for the provision of services and a trend toward delivery of these services using IP technologies
over the open internet, and IPTV technologies over private networks. This continuing major market transition has resulted in changing
consumer expectations, placing the residential video delivery networks, business-to-business, lodging and institutional markets under
pressure to install new infrastructure and upgrade existing networks. Each sub-market mentioned above has different network upgrade cycles,
but to remain competitive the Company has been and must continue to increase its product offerings for digital television, IP and IPTV
technologies, encoding, decoding and transcoding, and support of a wider range of digital media delivery applications. 

Cable Television 

Most cable operators, large
and small, have built networks with various combinations of fiber optic and coax cable to deliver television, internet and telephone services
on one drop cable. Cable television deployment of fiber optic trunk has been completed in all deployed cable systems. The HFC network
architecture is employed to provide digital video, OTT, HDTV, IPTV, high speed internet, and digital telephone service. With the adoption
of new technology developed by a newly combined SCTE and CableLabs standards organization, the cable industry is using edge 
devices, node splitting and digital video switching to increase both services and subscriber capacity from each existing node as well
as lowering the cost to create new nodes in their deployment architectures, to accommodate IPTV offerings in both residential and B-B
market deployments. Further, the Company has recently announced a series of products and product derivatives tailored to aid a subset
of cable service providers, running specific security technologies on their networks, to expand their IP television deployments to service
their business customers as well as residential customers. All of these networks are potential users of our product offerings. 

Assisted Living/MDU/Hospitality 

Historically, in response
to various privately-owned video distribution network property owners seeking additional revenue streams and their tenants and guests
demanding increased in-room technology enabled services, telco and cable operators serving the hospitality market sought to provide more
programs (especially in HD), and enhanced interactivity. Initially installed in higher-end properties and hospitality properties, HD conversion
is continuing today to complete all properties including older Assisted Living and Nursing Homes, Hospitals, MDUs and also now smaller
hotels and motels, all of which are being upgraded and outfitted with enhanced technology to provide a full suite of HD programs and video
streaming services. 

5 

More recently, the competition
among telco and cable providers to the Assisted Living, MDU and Hospitality industries has shifted from a previous emphasis on VOD, to
providing an ever-increasing number of HD programs and the capability of offering streaming OTT television services. The Company believes
that the demand for HD based headends that support free-to-guest service and OTT television, will continue to grow in the near term. The
rate of growth is limited by the costs associated with replacing all televisions in a property with flat screen Pro:Idiom compatible televisions,
the infrastructure required to support OTT television, authentication and system management issues. For several years, the Company has
been providing a unique system solution to the largest hotel brands worldwide through the Company s network of hotelier approved
system integrator and operator customers. The system consists of DOCSIS 3.0 and 3.1 compliant cable modem termination systems CMTS and cable modems CM and is unique in that it is the only system approved by that hotelier that is able to provide
a combination of the following services: linear TV, OTT, DOCSIS-based ethernet, and Wi-Fi from a common mini-CATV-type HFC-based infrastructure. 

SMB-Small and Medium Sized
Businesses 

The Company defines its target
SMB markets to also include educational campus environments, correctional facilities, sports stadiums and airport terminals. All of these
seemingly unrelated facilities contain private video and data distribution networks that are dependent on either locally generated or
externally sourced video and/or data content. As the advanced technologies of distance learning, HDTV and IPTV permeate the market, institutional
facilities are embracing these technologies to achieve site specific goals. The following are examples of the types of applications: 

Public, Educational and Government PEG Town Hall Meetings, Religious Broadcasts, Local Sports 

In-Office - Doctor, Dentist
and Corporate Offices 

Campus Stadium - Redistribution
of content across large, complex properties and facilities 

Patient Education and Entertainment 

Distance Learning 

Employee Facing- Training and
Company Messaging 

Hotel Lobby Events and Advertising 

The Company traditionally
benefited from a very strong share of this market with its Analog Video Headend and Distribution Products. We anticipate that we will
continue to be a leader in this market with our digital video solutions and our evolving IP and IPTV platforms. 

International 

The Company has authorized
distributors and sales agents in various locations outside the United States, but the Company primarily manufactures products for sale
in the USA and North America. Historically, international sales have not materially contributed to the Company s revenue base. In
2021 the Company began providing small quantities of video encoder and transcoder equipment to service providers in Mexico. This line
of business is not expected to have material impact on the Company s overall performance. 

Additional Considerations 

The evolution of technology
with respect to video, internet and telephone services continues at a rapid pace. Cable TV s QAM video continues to compete with
DIRECTV and EchoStar s DBS service and cable modems compete with digital subscriber lines and fiber-to-the-home offered by
regional telephone companies. Telephone companies are building national fiber optic networks and are delivering video, internet and telephone
services directly to the home over fiber optic cable, and digital telephone is being offered by cable companies and others in competition
with traditional phone companies. The convergence of data and video communications continues, wherein computer and television systems
merge. This merging of technologies is extending services and content delivery to mobile smart phone devices and tablet computers with
over-the-air data delivery competing with cable-delivered services. 

6 

Larger MSOs have transitioned
or are in the process of transitioning to all-digital platforms (and in most instances based upon the MPEG-4/H.264 codec technology).
Satellite DBS television, digitally compressed programming and IP delivery require headend products, set-top decoding receivers, or digital
terminal adapters, to convert the transmitted signals back to analog or HDMI format so that they may be viewed on television sets. The
split of analog and digital offerings provided to customers varies as a function of the size of the operator and their deployment strategy.
For example, the majority of private cable and other smaller service providers continue to deliver an analog television signal on standard
channels to subscribers television sets using headend products at some distribution point in their networks or employ set-top boxes
or digital terminal adapters at each television set. 

Key Products 

Blonder Tongue s products
can be separated according to function and technology. Five key categories account for the majority of the Company s revenue-Encoders
and Transcoders, NXG, Coax Distribution, CPE and Digital Modulation: 

Encoder/Transcoder Products
 are used by a system operator for encoding and transcoding of digital video. Transcoders convert video files from one codec compression
format to another to allow the video to be viewed across different platforms and devices. We offer a broad line of 4K/UHD, HD and SD,
MPEG-2, MPEG-4/H.264, and HEVC/H.265 capable encoders and transcoders optimized for Telecom customers and environments. One example is
a line of enhanced encoders optimized for the extreme demands of broadcasting live sports, another is a cost-effective MPEG-2/H.264 encoder
for IP support of PEG channels tailored to receive and groom regional content and deliver it across the open internet to centralized
locations for ingest into OTT / CDN and other distribution systems. Yet another is a new highly cost-effective bulk IP to IP digital
video Transcoder that supports 24 channels of format and rate conversion in a single Rack Unit (1RU) size and corrects digital television
compatibility issues. 

The QPSK and 8PSK
to QAM transcoders (QTM Series) are used for economically deploying or adding a satellite-based tier of digital or HDTV digital programming.
The units transcode a satellite signal s modulation from QPSK to QAM or from 8PSK modulation format to QAM format. Since QPSK and
8PSK are optimum for satellite transmission and QAM is optimum for fiber/coax distribution, precious system bandwidth is saved while the
signal retains its digital information. 

Encoders accept
various input sources (analog and/or digital) and output digitally encoded 4K, UHD, HD or SD video in various output formats such as IP,
QAM modulated, or Asynchronous Serial Interface ASI ). ASI is a streaming data format which carries the MPEG-2 Transport
Stream. The IP output format allows operators to stream video over private data networks with greater reliability and content security.
The QAM outputs can be used for digital video distribution over typical coax and HFC networks to serve a variety of Telecom environments
(i.e. CO s, headends, stadiums, broadcast and cable television studios, hospitals, university campuses, etc.). As a complement to
this encoder line, Blonder Tongue also provides digital QAM multiplexers which take multiple inputs (ASI or 8VSB/QAM) and delivers a single
multiplexed QAM output, thereby optimizing the HD channel lineup by preserving bandwidth. The Company s QAM output MPEG encoders
support low latency and superior motion optimization for content such as fast-paced sporting events, which is ideal for live events within
a stadium or arena. The Company s new Clearview transcoder product line supports high density highly cost-effective bulk re-encoding
functions to support a wide range of service operator use-cases such as creating digital television universal reception of signals, professional
Dolby audio encoding and format conversions, or conversion of broadcast to IPTV expected video formats. The Company s Encoder/Transcoder
Products accounted for approximately 50 and 50 of the Company s revenues in 2022 and 2021, respectively, with an overall increase
of 1,106,000 year-over-year. 

7 

NXG IP Digital Video Processing
and Headend Products were introduced by the Company in 2018 and were a culmination of the Company s product development efforts
of an advanced next-generation-enterprise series of products and solutions. 

The NXG is a powerful,
two-way, forward-looking digital video signal processing platform and series of modular add-on products that are ideal for delivering
the next generation of entertainment services for residential and enterprise applications, including IPTV format conversions and simulcast
use cases and is actively deployed in education, MDU, healthcare, business parks, campuses, institutions, hospitality, cruise ships, professional
sports stadiums and government facilities. The goals of the NXG product line is to addresses the service provider challenges of (a) migrating
from traditional CATV transmission, such as fiber and coaxial cable, to fully IP-based transmission and delivery, and (b) migrating from
traditional content protection, such as Commscope/Arris DigiCipher , Cisco PowerKEY , Verimatrix CAS, and LG Pro:Idiom ,
to IP-based digital rights management IP-DRM - content protection systems of the future, such as Adobe DRM , Verimatrix-M ,
Google Widevine , PlayReady , and Zenith/LG IP Pro:Idiom technologies. In order to accomplish those goals, NXG was designed
to be an anything-in to anything-out solution. Based on key customer guidance and the Company s research and development effort,
NXG is a 100 fully modular, passive-back-plane-based product that enables the service providers to (a) easily and seamlessly accomplish
the migration described in the forgoing, and (b) cost effectively and seamlessly address what may become any future, unforeseen, prospective
transmission, and content protection migrations. Unlike many competing products, in NXG, all active electronic components
reside in their respective modules. There are no active components in either the rack-chassis or backplane which brings the benefits of
ultra-high reliability, flexibility and future adaptability to as yet unknown use-cases. In addition, the Company s plan is for
the functionality of all of the standalone key signal processing products described in both the foregoing and following paragraphs are
to be, over time, migrated and subsumed as modular optional features supported by the NXG product line. In 2021 the Company released and
began producing the NXG Edge version of the NXG product line to target lower-functionality and lower-cost advanced encryption edge QAM
types of use cases. The Company s NXG Products accounted for approximately 15 and 12 of the Company s revenues in 2022 and
2021, respectively, with an overall increase of 784,000 year-over-year. 

Coax Distribution Products
 are used to transport signals from the headend to their ultimate destination in a home, apartment unit, hotel room, office or other
end-point location along a coax distribution network. Among the products offered by the Company in this category are broadband amplifiers,
directional taps, splitters and wall outlets. In cable television systems, the coax distribution products are either mounted on exterior
utility poles or encased in pedestals, vaults or other security devices. In SMB systems the distribution system is typically enclosed
within the walls of the building (if a single structure) or added to an existing structure using various techniques to hide the coax
cable and devices. The non-passive devices within this category are designed to ensure that the signal distributed from the headend is
of sufficient strength when it arrives at its final destination to provide high quality audio/video images. The Company s Coax
Distribution Products accounted for approximately 8 and 8 of the Company s revenues in 2022 and 2021, respectively, with an overall
increase of 224,774 year-over-year. 

CPE Products are comprised
mainly of Android-based IPTV set top boxes sold to the Tier 2 and Tier 3 cable and telecommunications service providers for use in mainstream
residential services to consumer households. The Company began selling CPE Products in 2019. The Company s CPE Product initiative
achieved sales to over 75 different telco, municipal fiber and cable operators and accounted for approximately 0 and 7 of the Company s
revenues in 2022 and 2021, respectively, with an overall decrease of 1,092,000 year-over-year. 

Digital Modulation Products
 are used by a system operator for acquisition, processing, compression, and management of digital video. The headend is the center
of a digital television system. It is the central location where multiple programs are received and, through additional processing, allocated
to specific channels for digital distribution. Blonder Tongue continues to expand its Digital Modulation Product offerings to meet the
evolving needs of its customers, which is expected to continue for years to come. IP interfaces have been added to a wide range of products
to help in the migration to IPTV. One such example is the AQT8-B, a multichannel 8VSB/QAM-IP transmodulator that receives up to 64 programs
of off-air broadcast signals over 8 different frequencies and transmodulates them for output on both coax and IP distribution networks.
Other lines of digital products provided by Blonder Tongue and Drake include our Edge QAM devices, Satellite Quadrature Phase Shift Key QPSK and Eight Phase Shift Key 8PSK to QAM transmodulators. 

The Company s
 Aircaster tm ATSC, QAM, and IP trans-modulator series of products AQT8 allow the user to create
a customized line up from off-air and/or cable feeds for coax IP distribution. The customizable IP output contains multiple programs with
a combination of single and multiple transport streams, from multiple RF input sources. The unique MPEG-2 transport systems information
tables associated with each of the selected input programs are transferred to the IP outputs. This means the virtual channel numbers and
program names on the IP outputs can be the same as their RF program input sources. The Company s AQT8 products enable the user to
modify the metadata, including PSIP parameters, such as the Program ID, Program #, Short Name, Major Ch., and Minor Ch. Information, to
provide a customized IP program delivery solution. The Aircaster AQT8 features Emergency Alert System EAS program
switching through either an ASI or IP format EAS input and terminal block contacts for triggering. 

8 

Stand-alone Edge
QAM devices accept Ethernet input and capture MPEG over IP transport streams, decrypt service provider conditional access or content
protection, and insert proprietary conditional access, such as Pro:Idiom, into the stream. These streams are then combined and modulated
on to QAM RF carriers, in most cases providing multiple streams on to one 6 MHz digital channel. Inputs to Edge QAM devices can come from
satellite receivers, set-top boxes, network devices or video servers. The use of these devices adds flexibility for the service provider,
in part, because all of this routing happens in one device. Scaling is accomplished via software and modules embedded inside the hardware.
Since it is a true network device, the Edge QAM can be managed over a traditional Ethernet network or over the Internet. 

Digital Modulation
 Product use continues in all of the Company s primary markets, bringing
more advanced technology to consumers and operators. The Company s Digital Video Headend Products accounted for approximately 6 
of the Company s revenues in 2022 and 2021, with an overall increase of 102,000 year-over-year. 

DOCSIS Data Products 
give service providers, integrators, and premise owners a means to deliver data, video, and voice-over-coaxial in locations such as hotels
and hospitality, MDU s, and college campuses using IP technology. Among the products offered by the Company are CMTS and cable
modems CM ). The Company s DOCSIS Data Products accounted for approximately 13 and 5 of the Company s revenues
in 2022 and 2021, respectively, with an overall increase of 1,599,000 year-over-year. 

SLA and Services includes
Service Level Agreements SLA ), installation and support services, contracts on equipment advanced replacement,
hands-on customer and end-user training, system design engineering, on-site field support, remote support, troubleshooting and complete
system verification testing. These SLA and Services also include after hour and 24x7x365 support contracts. The Company began programs
in 2020 and expanded in 2021 to promote and emphasize the value of services and agreements for services offering a range of service levels
tailored to various customer s business needs. The Company s SLA and Services products accounted for approximately 2 and
3 of the Company s revenues in 2022 and 2021, respectively, with an overall decrease of 90,000 year-over-year. 

Other Products. There
are a variety of other products that the Company sells to a lesser degree, either to fill a customer need or where sales have reduced
due to changes in Company direction, technology, or market influences. Sales of products in these categories contributed less significantly
to the Company s revenues in 2022 and 2021 and are expected to remain this way for 2023. These products include: 

Analog Modulation Products are
used by a system operator for signal acquisition, processing and manipulation to create an analog channel lineup for further transmission.
Among the products offered by the Company in this category are prefabricated headends to accommodate legacy analog TV systems, modulators,
demodulators, and processors. 

Fiber Products are used to transport
signals from the headend to their ultimate destination in a home, apartment unit, hotel room, office or other terminal location along
a fiber optic distribution network. Among the products offered by the Company in this category are fiber optic transmitters, receivers
(nodes), and couplers. 

Test Measurement instruments ,
for measuring both digital and analog CATV and Broadcast TV signals, as well as capture, analyze and/ or generate MPEG ASI transport streams. 

Contract Manufacturing Services, providing
manufacturing, research and development and product support services for other companies products. 

Miscellaneous products and services,
 filling customers needs for receiving off-air broadcast television and satellite transmissions prior to headend processing,
satellite distribution, repair, and parts. 

The Company will modify its
products to meet specific customer requirements. Typically, these modifications are minor and do not materially alter either the product
functionality or the ability to sell such altered products to other customers. 

Research and Product Development 

The markets served by Blonder Tongue are characterized by technological
change, new product introductions, and evolving industry standards. To compete effectively in this environment, the Company must engage
in ongoing research and development in order to (i) create new products, (ii) expand features of existing products to accommodate customer
demand for greater capability, (iii) license new technologies, (iv) acquire products incorporating technology that could not otherwise
be developed quickly enough using internal resources and (v) acquire complementary products incorporating technology from third parties
allowing internal resources to focus on higher-value strategic areas of research and development. Research and development projects are
often initially undertaken at the request of or in an effort to address the particular needs of the Company s customers and customer
prospects, with the expectation or promise of substantial future orders. Projects may also result from new technologies that become available,
or new market applications of existing technology. In the new product development process, the vast experience of the Company s
engineering group is leveraged to ensure the highest level of suitability and widest acceptance in the marketplace. Products tend to be
developed in a functional building block approach that allows for different combinations of blocks to generate new relevant products.
Additional research and development efforts are also continuously underway for the purpose of enhancing product quality and lowering production
costs. This building block philosophy of research and development was expanded on in the fourth quarter of 2018 with several new hardware
designs each yielding a wide range of product derivative models based on a single common design, yielding the Company improved engineering
cost efficiencies. For the acquisition of new technologies, the Company may rely upon technology licenses from third parties or customized
derivative product development. The Company will also license technology if it can obtain technology more quickly, or more cost-effectively
from third parties than it could otherwise develop on its own, or if the desired technology is proprietary to a third party. There were
10 employees involved in the technical product definition, technology systems architecture and research and development departments of
the Company at December 31, 2022, distributed among the Company s operating locations. 

9 

Marketing and Sales 

Blonder Tongue markets and
sells its products for use in a wide range of IPTV and other Telecom and SMB markets, including with municipal fiber optic operators,
traditional cable television, telco, MDU, lodging/hospitality, and institutional settings (schools, hospitals and prisons). The Company
also sells into a multitude of niche SMB markets such as sports arenas and the cruise ship industry. Sales are made directly to customers
by the Company s internal sales force, as well as through Blonder Tongue Premier Distributors. The Company instituted its Premier
Distributor Program in 2007, through which a limited group of larger distributors who stock a significant amount of the Company s
products in their inventory are given access to a special purchase incentive program allowing them to achieve volume price concessions
measured on a year-to-year basis. Sales to the Company s Premier Distributors accounted for approximately 25 and 27 of the Company s
revenues for 2022 and 2021, respectively. These Premier Distributors serve multiple markets. Direct sales to telco operators, municipal
fiber operators, cable operators and system integrators accounted for approximately 31 and 39 of the Company s revenues for 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

The Company s sales
and marketing function is performed by its internal sales and marketing associates working in partnership and conjunction its Premier
Distributors, as well as its smaller company integrator and distributor network. Should it be deemed necessary, the Company may retain
independent sales representatives in particular geographic areas or targeted to specific customer prospects or target market opportunities.
Sales and marketing made up 19 of the Company s overall workforce at December 31, 2022, divided into central and regional coverage
in Old Bridge, New Jersey, in Ohio and Florida, as well as Pennsylvania, the Chicago and Atlanta areas. 

The Company s standard
customer payment terms are net 30 days. From time to time, when circumstances warrant, such as a commitment to a large blanket purchase
order, the Company will selectively extend payment terms beyond its standard payment terms to 60 days. 

The Company has several marketing
programs to support the sale and distribution of its products. Blonder Tongue participates in industry trade shows and conferences and
also maintains a robust website and direct on-line sales portal. The Company publishes technical articles in trade and technical journals,
distributes sales and product literature and has an active public relations plan to ensure complete coverage of Blonder Tongue s
products and technology by editors of trade journals. The Company provides system design engineering services for its customers, maintains
extensive ongoing communications with many original equipment manufacturer customers and provides one-on-one demonstrations and technical
seminars to potential new customers. Blonder Tongue supplies sales and applications support, product literature and training to its sales
representatives and distributors. Before the COVID pandemic began in March of 2020, the management and sales staff of the Company traveled
extensively, identifying customer needs and meeting existing and potential customers. The Company anticipates resuming these activities
at pre-pandemic levels as U.S. CDC guidelines allow. 

Customers 

Blonder Tongue has a diverse
customer base, which in 2022 consisted of approximately 70 active accounts. Approximately 38 and 47 of the Company s revenues
in 2022 and 2021, respectively, were derived from sales of products to the Company s three largest customers. North American Cable,
Stellar Private Cable and World Cinema accounted for approximately 14 , 13 and 11 , respectively, of the Company s revenues in
2022, and Stellar Private Cable, Advanced Media Technologies and North American Cable Equipment accounted for approximately 20 , 14 and
13 , respectively, of the Company s revenues in 2021. None of these customers are obligated to purchase a material amount of products
or to provide the Company with a material level of binding forecasts of product purchases for any future period. There can be no assurance
that sales to these entities, individually or as a group, will reach or exceed historical levels in any future period; however, the Company
currently anticipates that the three customers mentioned above will continue to account for a significant portion of the Company s
revenues in future periods. See disclosure below in Risk Factors - Any substantial decrease in sales to our largest customers may
adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition for further details. 

10 

Since 2010, the Company has
held multi-year contracts with key distributors in its Premier Distributor Program. Many of the Company s smaller business customers,
with whom the Company had formerly dealt on a direct basis, now purchase the Company s products from our Premier Distributors. 

In the Company s direct
sales to system integrators, the complement of our significant customers tends to vary over time as the most efficient and better financed
integrators grow more rapidly than others. Any substantial decrease or delay in sales to one or more of the Company s significant
customers, the financial failure of any of these entities, or the Company s inability to develop and maintain solid relationships
with the integrators that may replace the present significant customers, would have a material adverse effect on the Company s results
of operations and financial condition. 

The Company s revenues
are derived primarily from customers in the continental United States; however, the Company also derives some revenues from customers
in other geographical markets, primarily Canada and to a more limited extent, in developing countries. Sales to customers outside of the
United States represented approximately 1 and 4 of the Company s revenues in 2022 and 2021, respectively. All of the Company s
transactions with customers located outside of the United States have historically been denominated in U.S. dollars. As such, the Company
has had no foreign currency transactions from which it derives revenues. Transactions denominated in foreign currencies have certain inherent
risks associated with them due to currency fluctuations. See Risk Factors below for more detail on the risks associated
with foreign currency transactions. 

Manufacturing and Suppliers 

Blonder Tongue s primary
manufacturing operations are presently located at the Old Bridge, New Jersey Facility, which also serves as the Company s headquarters.
The Company has developed, implemented and maintains a Quality Management System, that has been certified as conforming to all requirements
of the ISO 9001:2015 international standard. The Company recently completed an audit and renewed its ISO 9001:2015 certification
in December 2021. The Company s manufacturing operations are vertically integrated and consist principally of the programming, assembly,
and testing of electronic assemblies built from fabricated parts, printed circuit boards and electronic devices and the fabrication from
raw sheet metal, of chassis and cabinets for such assemblies. Management continues to implement improvements to the manufacturing process
to increase production volume and reduce product cost, including logistics modifications on the factory floor to accommodate increasingly
fine pitch surface mount electronic components. The Company is capable of manufacturing assemblies of 16-layer printed circuit boards
with thousands of components, including placement of 0.030x0.030mil ball grid arrays and 0201 packaged sized components, utilizing its
advanced state-of-the-art automatic placement equipment as well as automated optical inspection and testing systems. Investments by the
Company in these advanced manufacturing technologies is consistent with and part of the Company s strategy to provide its customers
with high performance-to-cost ratio products. The Company also maintains engineering and technical support staff in Ohio, Ft. Wayne, Indiana,
Florida and in the Atlanta, GA area. 

Since 2007, the Company has
been manufacturing certain high volume, labor intensive products, including a portion of the Company s analog products overseas
in the PRC, and since 2019 in Korea and Taiwan. A key contract manufacturer in the PRC produces a portion of these products (all of which
are proprietary Blonder Tongue designs) as may be requested by the Company from time to time (in the Company s discretion) through
the submission of purchase orders, the terms of which are governed by a manufacturing agreement. Although the Company does not currently
anticipate the transfer of any additional products to overseas companies for manufacture, the Company may do so if business and market
conditions make it advantageous to do so. In connection with the Company s initiatives in Korea, Taiwan and the PRC, the Company
may have limited foreign currency transactions and may be subject to limited various currency exchange control programs related to its
overseas operations. 

Outside contractors supply
standard components, printed circuit boards and electronic subassemblies to the Company s specifications. The Company purchases
electronic parts that it classifies into three groups: (i) products which do not have a unique source, (ii) products that have a limited
number of suppliers and (iii) products which have a sole source. Products which do not have a unique source are generally available with
limited supply disruptions. Products that are available from a limited number of suppliers may be subject to temporary shortages because
of general economic conditions and the demand and supply for such component parts. Products which have a sole source are subject to longer
term shortages and in some cases not available at all in the short term, with certain deliveries not expected until 2023. If the Company
were to experience a temporary shortage of any given electronic part, the Company believes that alternative parts could be obtained, or
system design changes implemented. There can be no assurances that obtaining alternative parts or system design changes can be done successfully
or on a cost-effective basis. An inability to timely obtain sufficient quantities of certain of these components could have a material
adverse effect on the Company s operating results. The Company does not have an agreement with any sole source supplier requiring
the supplier to sell a specified volume of components to the Company. See Risk Factors below for more detail on the risk
associated with sole supplier products. 

11 

Blonder Tongue maintains a
quality assurance program which monitors and controls manufacturing processes, and extensively tests samples throughout the process. Samples
of component parts purchased are tested, as well as its finished products, on an ongoing basis. The Company also tests component and sub-assemblies
throughout the manufacturing process using commercially available and in-house built testing systems that incorporate proprietary procedures.
The highest level of quality assurance is maintained throughout all aspects of the design and manufacturing process. The extensive in-house
calibration program assures test equipment integrity, correlation and calibration. This program ensures that all test and measurement
equipment that is used in the manufacturing process is calibrated to the same in-house reference standard on a consistent basis. When
all test and measurement devices are calibrated in this manner, discrepancies are eliminated between the engineering, manufacturing and
quality control departments, thus increasing operational efficiency and ensuring a high level of product quality. Blonder Tongue performs
final product tests prior to shipment to customers. In 2008, the Company was certified to perform Underwriters Laboratories (UL) witness
testing of products to UL International Standard 60950. 

Competition 

All aspects of the Company s
business are highly competitive. The Company competes with international, national, regional and local manufacturers and distributors,
including companies larger than Blonder Tongue that have substantially greater resources. A small subset of manufacturers who are suppliers
to the Company sell directly as well as through distributors into the franchise and private cable marketplaces. Because of the convergence
of the cable, telecommunications and computer industries and rapid technological developments, new competitors may seek to enter the principal
markets served by the Company. Many of these potential competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing,
sales and other resources than Blonder Tongue. The Company expects that direct and indirect competition may increase in the future. Additional
competition could result in price reductions, loss of market share and delays in the timing of customer orders. The principal methods
of competition are product differentiation, product reputation, performance, quality, price, terms, service, technical support and administrative
support. The Company is a major competitor in many of the markets that it serves and differentiates itself from other companies by consistently
offering innovative products, providing excellent technical service support and delivering extremely high reliability products and high
performance-to-cost ratio (high value) products. 

Intellectual Property 

The Company currently holds
several United States and foreign patents, including certain technologies within the NXG platform and certain technologies within its
DOCSIS data products. No other patents are considered material to the Company s present operations, since they do not relate to
high volume applications. Because of the rapidly evolving nature of the telecommunications and cable television industry, the Company
believes that its market position as a technology supplier derives primarily from its ability to timely develop a consistent stream of
new products that are designed to meet its customers needs and that have a high performance-to-cost ratio. 

The Company owns a United
States trademark registration for the word mark Blonder Tongue and Aircaster and also on a BT 
logo. Drake owns a United States trademark registration for the word mark DRAKE . 

Since 2008, the Company has
obtained and renewed licenses for a variety of technologies in concert with its digital encoder line of products. The licenses are from
a number of companies including from Zenith, a subsidiary of LG Electronics (expires December 2023). These standard licenses are all non-exclusive
and many require payment of royalties based upon the unit sales of the licensed products. With regard to the licenses expiring in 2023,
the Company expects to renew these standard licenses on similar terms to those presently in force. For additional information regarding
these licenses, see Introduction starting on page 1. 

The Company relies on a combination
of patents, contractual rights and trade secret laws to protect its proprietary technologies and know-how. There can be no assurance that
the Company will be able to protect its technologies and know-how or that third parties will not be able to develop similar technologies
and know-how independently. Therefore, existing and potential competitors may be able to develop products that are competitive with the
Company s products and such competition could adversely affect the prices for the Company s products or the Company s
market share. The Company also believes that factors such as the technological and creative skills of its personnel, new product developments,
frequent product enhancements, name recognition and reliable product maintenance are essential to establishing and maintaining its competitive
position. The industries in which the Company competes are subject to constant development of new technologies and evolution of existing
technologies, many of which are the subject of existing third-party patents and new patents are issued frequently. 

12 

Regulation 

Private cable, while in some
cases subject to certain Federal Communications Commission FCC licensing requirements, is not presently burdened
with extensive government regulations. The Telecommunications Act of 1996 deregulated many aspects of franchise cable system operation
and opened the door to competition among cable operators and telephone companies in each of their respective industries. 

Environmental Regulations 

The Company is subject to
a variety of Federal, State and local governmental regulations related to the storage, use, discharge and disposal of toxic, volatile
or otherwise hazardous chemicals if and when used in its manufacturing processes. The Company did not incur in 2022 and does not anticipate
incurring in 2023, material capital expenditures for compliance with Federal, State and local environmental laws and regulations. There
can be no assurance, however, that changes in environmental regulations will not result in the need for additional capital expenditures
or otherwise impose additional financial burdens on the Company. Further, such regulations could restrict the Company s ability
to expand its operations. Any failure by the Company to obtain required permits for, control the use of, or adequately restrict the discharge
of, hazardous substances under present or future regulations could subject the Company to substantial liability or could cause its manufacturing
operations to be suspended. 

The Company has authorization
to discharge wastewater under the New Jersey Pollution Discharge Elimination System/Discharge to Surface Waters General Industrial Stormwater
Permit, Permit No. NJ0088315. This permit will expire June 30, 2023 and is automatically renewed upon payment of the annual fee. The Company
intends to renew this permit. 

Employees 

As of February 28, 2023, the
Company employed approximately 67 people, including 36 in manufacturing, 8 in research and development, 3 in quality assurance, 13 in
sales and marketing, and 7 in a general and administrative capacity. Substantially all of these employees are full-time employees. 19
of the Company s employees are members of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Union, Local 2066, which has a labor
agreement with the Company that is scheduled to expire in February 2027. 

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 

The Company s business
operates in a rapidly changing technology and economic environment that involves numerous risks, some of which are beyond the Company s
control. The following Risk Factors highlight some of these risks. Additional risks not currently known to the Company or
that the Company now deems immaterial may also affect the Company and the value of its common stock. The risks described below, together
with all of the other information included in this report, should be carefully considered in evaluating our business and prospects. The
occurrence of any of the following risks could harm the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Commercial Risks 

Any substantial decrease in sales to our largest
customers may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 

Approximately 56 and 58 
of our revenues in 2022 and 2021, respectively, were derived from sales of products to the Company s five largest customers. None
of these customers are obligated to purchase a material amount of products or to provide the Company with a material level of binding
forecasts of product purchases for any future period. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that sales to these entities, individually
or as a group, will reach or exceed historical levels in any future period. In addition, while the COVID-19 outbreak has affected and
is continuing to affect the operations of our suppliers, and of our customers and our sales to them, uncertainty as to the effects on
the economy generally and our semiconductor suppliers and customers in particular makes it impossible for us to predict the short term
and long term effects the COVID-19 outbreak and related developments will have on our customers and their ongoing businesses and how those
effects may impact our sales to them. 

13 

With respect to our direct
sales to system integrators, the complement of our significant customers tends to vary over time as the most efficient and better-financed
integrators tend to grow more rapidly than others. Our success with those customers will depend in part on: 

the viability of those customers; 

our ability to identify those
customers with the greatest growth and growth prospects; and 

our ability to maintain our
position in the overall marketplace by shifting our emphasis to such customers. 

In addition, three of our customers accounted for approximately 57 and
62 of our outstanding trade accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Any substantial decrease or delay in sales
to one or more of our significant customers, the financial failure of any of these entities, their inability to pay their trade accounts
owing to us in a timely manner or at all, or our inability to develop solid relationships with integrators that may replace the present
significant customers, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. If the negative effects
of the COVID-19 outbreak and related developments lead to financial difficulties or even the failure of one or more of our significant
customers, or a combination of our smaller customers, our ability to collect payment in full and on a timely basis, or at all, may be
adversely affected, and our working capital resources may be significantly diminished. 

An inability to develop, or acquire the rights
to technology, products or applications in response to changes in industry standards or customer needs may reduce our sales and profitability. 

Both the private cable and
franchised cable industries are characterized by the continuing advancement of technology, evolving industry standards and changing customer
needs. To be successful, we must anticipate the evolution of industry standards and changes in customer needs, through the timely development
and introduction of new products, enhancement of existing products and licensing of new technology from third parties. This is particularly
true at this time as the Company must develop and market new digital products to offset the continuing decline in demand for, and therefore
sales of, analog products. Although we depend primarily on our own research and development efforts to develop new products and enhancements
to our existing products, we have and may continue to seek licenses for new technology from third parties when we believe that we can
obtain such technology more quickly and/or cost-effectively from such third parties than we could otherwise develop on our own, or when
the desired technology has already been patented by a third party. There can, however, be no assurance that new technology or such licenses
will be available on terms acceptable to us. There can be no assurance that: 

we will be able to anticipate
the evolution of industry standards in the telecommunications, cable television or the communications industry generally; 

we will be able to anticipate
changes in the market and customer needs; 

technologies and applications
under development by us will be successfully developed; or 

successfully developed technologies
and applications will achieve market acceptance. 

If we are unable for technological
or other reasons to develop and introduce products and applications or to obtain licenses for new technologies from third parties in a
timely manner in response to changing market conditions or customer requirements, our results of operations and financial condition could
be materially adversely affected. 

Anticipated increases in direct and indirect
competition with us may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

All aspects of our business
are highly competitive. We compete with international, national, regional and local manufacturers and distributors, including companies
larger than us, which have substantially greater resources. Various manufacturers who are suppliers to us sell directly as well as through
distributors into the cable television marketplace. Because of the convergence of the cable, telecommunications and computer industries
and rapid technological development, new competitors may seek to enter the principal markets served by us. Many of these potential competitors
have significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, sales and other resources than we have. We expect that direct
and indirect competition will increase in the future. Additional competition could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition through: 

price reductions; 

loss of market share; 

14 

delays in the timing of customer
orders; and 

an inability to increase our
penetration into the cable television market. 

Our sales and profitability may suffer due
to any substantial decrease or delay in capital spending by the telecommunications and cable infrastructure operators that we serve, as
well as in the MDU, assisted living, lodging and institutional cable or telecommunications markets. 

The vast majority of our revenues
in 2022 and 2021 came from sales of our products for use by fiber, telco and cable infrastructure operators. Demand for our products depends
to a large extent upon capital spending by telcos, cable operators and other entities on private cable systems and specifically by private
cable operators for constructing, rebuilding, maintaining or upgrading their systems. Capital spending by private cable operators and,
therefore, our sales and profitability, are dependent on a variety of factors, including: 

access by private cable operators
to financing for capital expenditures; 

demand for their cable services; 

availability of alternative
video delivery technologies; and 

general economic conditions. 

In addition, our sales and
profitability may in the future be more dependent on capital spending by traditional franchise cable system operators as well as by new
entrants to this market planning to over-build existing cable system infrastructures, or constructing, rebuilding, maintaining and upgrading
their systems. There can be no assurance that system operators in private cable or franchise cable will continue capital spending for
constructing, rebuilding, maintaining, or upgrading their systems. Any substantial decrease or delay in capital spending by private cable
or franchise cable operators would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Competitors may develop products that are similar
to, and compete with, our products due to our limited proprietary protection. 

We possess limited patent
or registered intellectual property rights with respect to the majority of our technology. We rely on a combination of patents, contractual
rights and trade secret laws to protect our proprietary technology and know-how. There can be no assurance that we will be able to protect
our technology and know-how or that third parties will not be able to develop similar technology independently. Therefore, existing and
potential competitors may be able to develop similar products which compete with our products. Such competition could adversely affect
the prices for our products or our market share and could have a material adverse effect upon our results of operations and financial
condition. 

Patent infringement claims against us or our
customers, whether or not successful, may cause us to incur significant costs. 

While we do not believe that
our products (including products and technologies licensed from others) infringe valid intellectual property rights of any third parties,
there can be no assurance that infringement or invalidity claims (or claims for indemnification resulting from infringement claims) will
not be asserted against us or our customers. Damages for infringement of valid intellectual property rights of third parties could be
substantial, and if determined to be willful, can be trebled. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
financial condition and results of operation. Regardless of the validity or the successful assertion of any such claims, we could incur
significant costs and diversion of resources with respect to the defense thereof which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. If we are unsuccessful in defending any claims or actions that are asserted against us or our customers,
we could seek to obtain a license under a third party s intellectual property rights. There can be no assurance, however, that under
such circumstances, a license would be available under reasonable terms or at all. The failure to obtain a license to a third party s
intellectual property rights on commercially reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition. 

15 

Financial Risks 

Our audited consolidated financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2022 included herein contain a going concern explanatory paragraph, expressing substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, we experienced a decline in net sales, a loss from operations and a significant amount of cash used in operating activities,
which was funded in large part from the proceeds we received from sales of our common stock and the proceeds from the Subordinated Loan
Facility. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our becoming profitable in the future and having access to sufficient
capital to execute our business plan and to meet our payment obligations on our debt financing arrangements and other financial obligations
when they become due. We recently have been successful in obtaining additional capital through our Subordinated Loan Facility and the
issuance of shares of our common stock. Although we believe that improvements in our sales and efforts to reduce expenses will increase
the possibility that we will become profitable, and we have recently obtained the additional Subordinated Loan Facility and equity financing,
we cannot provide any assurances that we will be successful in improving our performance, that the additional financing obtained to date
will be sufficient, or that we will be successful in securing additional financing on reasonable terms, or at all. These factors, and
possibly others, raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. Our audited consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result if we are unable to continue as a going concern. As a result, you should not rely on
our consolidated balance sheet as an indication of the amount of proceeds that would be available to satisfy claims of creditors and potentially
be available for distribution to stockholders in the event of liquidation. 

The terms of our credit facility with MidCap
Business Credit may restrict our current and future operating and financial flexibility and could adversely affect our financial and operational
results. 

On October 25, 2019, the Company, entered into a new credit facility
with MidCap Business Credit MidCap ), which was amended on April 7, 2020, January 8, 2021, June 14, 2021, July 30,
2021, August 26, 2021, December 16, 2021, February 11, 2022, March 3, 2022, April 5, 2022, May 5, 2022, June 14, 2022, July 1, 2022, October
25, 2022, and October 28, 2022. The Loan and Security Agreement between the Company and MidCap, as amended (the MidCap Agreement includes a number of non-financial covenants that, among other things, may restrict our ability to: 

engage in mergers, consolidations,
asset dispositions or similar fundamental changes; 

redeem or repurchase shares
of Company stock; 

create, incur, assume or guarantee
additional indebtedness; 

create, incur or permit liens
on our assets; 

make loans or investments; 

pay cash dividends or make similar
distributions; and 

change the nature of our business. 

These restrictions in the
MidCap Agreement may limit our ability to engage in certain transactions that could be beneficial to us and our stockholders. In the event
of a default, MidCap could elect to declare all borrowings, accrued and unpaid interest and other fees outstanding, due and payable and
require us to use available cash to repay these borrowings, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial
condition. If MidCap terminates the MidCap Agreement or further limits our ability to borrow under the MidCap Agreement as a result of
any failures to comply with any covenants, we would seek new debt financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that new debt financing
will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. In addition, new debt financing, if available, could impose payment obligations,
covenants and operating restrictions that are more onerous than under the MidCap Agreement, which could adversely affect our operations
and financial condition. 

Rising interest rates can be a risk factor. 

Borrowings under our MidCap
line of credit are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations
on the variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same, and our net income and cash flows, including
cash available for servicing our indebtedness, would correspondingly decrease. 

We may face risks relating to currency fluctuations
and currency exchange. 

Historically the Company has
had limited exposure to currency fluctuations since transactions with customers located outside the United States have generally been
denominated in U.S. Dollars. In addition, the Company incurs certain expenses denominated in RMB in connection with its contract manufacturing
activities in the PRC. The Company s functional currency is the U.S. Dollar. Accordingly, any expense denominated in Canadian Dollars
or RMB needs to be translated into U.S. Dollars at the applicable currency exchange rate for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements.
Exchange rates between the RMB and U.S. Dollar in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may do so in the future. We do not engage
in currency hedging activities to limit the risks of currency fluctuations. Currency fluctuations could adversely impact our results of
operations, cash flows and financial position. 

16 

Increased tariffs or other trade actions could
adversely affect our business. 

There is currently significant
uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and China with respect to trade policies and tariffs. We source a
variety of finished products and component parts from China. Although we currently believe that most of those products are not subject
to tariffs, we cannot assure you that governmental authorities will agree with that position or that future actions may not be taken by
the United States or China to impose tariffs on those products and components or otherwise affect our ability to source those products
and components, which could have an adverse effect on our future operations. In addition, certain of the products we obtain from China
are currently subject to tariffs. Although we do not expect that the currently-applicable tariffs will have an adverse effect on our results
of operations, we have raised prices on certain products to attempt to offset the effect of those tariffs, and we are also considering
alternative sources of supply from manufacturers in other countries and moving certain manufacturing activities to our Old Bridge New
Jersey Facility as additional ways to mitigate the effect of those tariffs. If our expectations regarding the effect of the currently
applicable tariffs prove to be incorrect and we are unable to offset or mitigate the effects of those tariffs, our future operating results
may be adversely affected. 

Operational Risks 

Our financial condition and results of operations
have been and may continue to be adversely affected by health events such as the recent Coronavirus or COVID-19 outbreak. 

Our business has been materially
and adversely affected by the outbreak of the Coronavirus or COVID-19 and may in the future be materially and adversely affected by other
epidemics and pandemic outbreaks. COVID-19, which has been declared by the World Health Organization to be a pandemic, has
spread to many countries, including the United States, and has impacted and continues to impact domestic and worldwide economic activity.
A public health epidemic or pandemic, including COVID-19, poses the risk that the Company or its employees, customers, suppliers and other
business partners may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to shutdowns that
may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities. Since being declared a pandemic , COVID-19 has interfered with
our ability to meet with certain customers, has impacted and may continue to impact many of our customers and has disrupted and may continue
to disrupt global supply chains. There are developments regarding the COVID-19 outbreak on a daily basis that may impact our customers,
employees and business partners. As a result, it is not possible at this time to estimate the duration or the scope of the impact COVID-19
could have on the Company s business. However, the continued spread of COVID-19 and actions taken by our customers, suppliers and
business partners, actions we take to protect the health and welfare of our employees, and measures taken by governmental authorities
in response to COVID-19 could disrupt our manufacturing activities, the shipment of our products, the supply chain and purchasing decisions
of our customers. The Company experienced a significant reduction in sales as a result of the decreased business activities of our customers
related to the COVID-19 outbreak, and although we have experienced some increases in customer orders of our products, it remains unclear
when or whether our customers will resume their activities at a level where our sales to them will return to historical levels. In addition,
disruption of the global supply chain has had and continues to have an adverse impact on our ability to meet the demands or our customers,
and it is unclear when these supply chains issues will be resolved. These uncertainties may have a material adverse impact on our business. 

An inability to reduce expenses or increase
revenues may cause continued net losses. 

We have had losses each year
since 2010, with net loss of 2,920,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. While management believes its ongoing efforts to increase
revenues should, and its ongoing efforts and demonstrated progress in reducing expenses may create future profitability, there can be
no assurance that these actions will be successful. Failure to increase revenues or ability to maintain or reduce expense levels could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, in order to address issues relating
to our reduced sales and recent impacts in the predictability of global semiconductor supply chain as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic,
we have implemented operating expense cost reductions and may need to implement additional cost reductions in the near term. If necessary
additional reductions cannot be implemented in a timely manner or prove to be insufficient in offsetting or significantly mitigating reduced
revenues, our ability to continue to operate as a going concern may be materially adversely affected. 

Inventory reserves for excess or obsolete inventories
may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We continually analyze our
excess or obsolete inventories. Based on historical and projected sales volumes and anticipated selling prices, we establish reserves.
If we do not meet our sales expectations, these reserves are increased. Products that are determined to be obsolete are written down to
net realizable value. Although we believe reserves are adequate and inventories are reflected at net realizable value, there can be no
assurance that we will not have to record additional inventory reserves in the future. Significant increases to inventory reserves could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

17 

Any significant casualty to our facility in
Old Bridge, New Jersey may cause a lengthy interruption to our business operations. 

We primarily operate out of
one manufacturing facility in Old Bridge, New Jersey (the Old Bridge Facility ). While we maintain a limited amount
of business interruption insurance, a casualty that results in a lengthy interruption of our ability to manufacture at, or otherwise use,
the Old Bridge Facility could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our dependence on certain third-party suppliers
could create an inability for us to obtain component products not otherwise available or to do so only at increased prices. 

We purchase several products
from sole suppliers for which alternative sources are not available. Our results of operations and financial condition could be materially
adversely affected by: 

an inability to obtain sufficient
quantities of these components; 

an inability to obtain sufficient
quantities of these components within specific timeframes; 

our receipt of a significant
number of defective components; 

an increase in component prices;
or 

our inability to obtain lower
component prices in response to competitive pressures on the pricing of our products. 

In addition, the COVID-19
pandemic has affected the supply chain for many types of products and materials, particularly those being manufactured in China, Taiwan,
Singapore, Malaysia, Japan, and other countries where the outbreak has resulted in significant disruptions to ongoing business activities.
Beginning in the second quarter of 2021 and continuing into the first quarter of 2023, the Company has experienced material disruption
in our supply chain as it relates to the procurement of certain sole source and other multiple source components utilized in a material
portion of a number of the Company s product lines. We believe this disruption may continue beyond 2023. If these or any similar
types of supply disruptions continue, it is possible that we will be unable to complete sales of any affected products to our customers
on requested schedules. 

Our manufacturing activities in the PRC, South
Korea and Taiwan may subject us to the risks of unfavorable political, regulatory, legal and other developments in those countries. 

Some of our products are manufactured
and assembled in the PRC, South Korea and Taiwan under contractual and purchasing arrangements with businesses in those countries. Our
future operations and earnings may be adversely affected by the risks related to, or any other problems arising from, having our products
manufactured and assembled in these countries: 

political, economic and labor
instability; 

changes in foreign or United
States government laws and regulations, including exchange control regulations; 

infringement of our intellectual
property rights; and 

difficulties in managing foreign
manufacturing operations. 

In addition, because the Company
incurs certain expenses denominated in Renminbi RMB rather than U.S. Dollars in connection with contract manufacturing
activities in the PRC, we may experience increased costs related to fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates. Although these countries
have modern industrial economies, their potential economic, political, legal and labor developments could entail uncertainties and risks.
In the event of any changes that adversely affect our ability to manufacture in the PRC, South Korea and/or Taiwan, our business could
suffer. 

18 

Shifting our operations between regions may
entail considerable expense. 

Over time we may shift additional
portions of our manufacturing operations to outside third-party suppliers both within the US, North America, Europe, and/or Asian territories
in order to maximize manufacturing and operational efficiency. This could result in reducing our domestic operations in the future, which
in turn could entail significant one-time earnings charges to account for severance, equipment write-offs or write downs and moving expenses. 

Any increase in governmental regulation of
the markets that we serve, including the cable television system, MDU, lodging and institutional markets, may have an adverse effect on
our results of operations and financial condition. 

The telecommunications, cable
television, fiber optic, MDU, lodging and institutional markets within the cable industry, which represents the vast majority of our business,
while in some cases subject to certain FCC licensing requirements, is not presently burdened with extensive government regulations. It
is possible, however, that regulations could be adopted in the future which impose burdensome restrictions on these markets resulting
in, among other things, barriers to the entry of new competitors or limitations on capital expenditures. Any such regulations, if adopted,
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Private cable system operation
is not presently burdened with significant government regulation, other than, in some cases, certain FCC licensing and signal leakage
requirements. The Telecommunications Act of 1996 deregulated many aspects of franchise cable system operation and opened the door to competition
among cable operators and telephone companies in each of their respective industries. It is possible, however, that regulations could
be adopted which would re-impose burdensome restrictions on franchise cable operators resulting in, among other things, the grant of exclusive
rights or franchises within certain geographical areas. Any increased regulation of franchise cable could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Any increase in governmental environmental
regulations or our inability or failure to comply with existing environmental regulations may cause an adverse effect on our results of
operations or financial condition. 

We are subject to a variety
of federal, state and local governmental regulations related to the storage, use, discharge and disposal of toxic, volatile or otherwise
hazardous chemicals used in our manufacturing processes. We do not anticipate material capital expenditures during 2023 for compliance
with federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. There can be no assurance, however, that changes in environmental regulations
will not result in the need for additional capital expenditures or otherwise impose additional financial burdens on us. Further, such
regulations could restrict our ability to expand our operations. Any failure by us to obtain required permits for, control the use of,
or adequately restrict the discharge of, hazardous substances under present or future regulations could subject us to substantial liability
or could cause our manufacturing operations to be suspended. Such liability or suspension of manufacturing operations could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our business and operations could suffer in
the event of security breaches. 

Attempts by others to gain
unauthorized access to information technology systems are becoming more sophisticated. Our systems are designed to detect security incidents
and to prevent their recurrence, but, in some cases, we might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. While we have not
identified any material incidents of unauthorized access to date, the theft, unauthorized use or publication of our intellectual property,
confidential business or personal information could harm our competitive position, reduce the value of our investment in research and
development and other strategic initiatives, damage our reputation or otherwise adversely affect our business. In addition, to the extent
that any future security breach results in inappropriate disclosure of our employees , licensees , or customers confidential
and /or personal information, we may incur liability or additional costs to remedy any damages caused by such breach. We could also be
impacted by existing and proposed laws and regulations, as well as government policies and practices related to cybersecurity, privacy
and data protection. 

Macroeconomic Risks 

Adverse changes in economic conditions could
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our business and earnings
are affected by general business, economic and financial markets conditions in the United States and elsewhere. We continue to operate
in a challenging and uncertain economic environment, which has been exacerbated by the COVID-19 outbreak and related events. Any return
to recessionary conditions or prolonged stagnant or deteriorating economic conditions, whether related to the COVID-19 outbreak or otherwise,
could significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the demand for our products, the ability of our customers to make payments
to us in a timely fashion or at all, our ability and the ability of our customers to obtain adequate financing to maintain operations
and other potential events that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover,
our stock price could remain depressed or decrease if investors have concerns that our business, financial condition or results of operations
will be negatively impacted by a worldwide economic downturn. Other uncertainties, including the potential effect of United States 
tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, which are important materials for the production of many of our products, could also have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, beginning in early 2022 our business began
to experience inflationary price increases in certain of our components. Although to date we have been successful in passing on these
increases to our customers, there can be no assurances that we will continue to be able to do so. The inability to pass on these or future
component cost increases could have material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

19 

Human Capital Risks 

Losing the services of our executive officers
or our other highly qualified and experienced employees, or our inability to continue to attract and retain highly qualified and experienced
employees, could adversely affect our business. 

Our future success depends
in large part on the continued service of our key executives and technical and management personnel. Our future success also depends on
our ability to continue to attract and retain highly skilled engineering, manufacturing, marketing and managerial personnel. The competition
for such personnel is intense, and the loss of key employees, in particular the principal members of our management and technical staff,
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Delays or difficulties in negotiating a labor
agreement or other difficulties in our relationship with our union employees may cause an adverse effect on our manufacturing and business
operations. 

All of our direct labor employees
located at the Old Bridge, New Jersey facility are members of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Union, Local 2066 (the
 Union ), under a collective bargaining agreement, which expires in February 2027. In connection with any renewal or
renegotiation of the labor agreement upon its termination, there can be no assurance that work stoppages will not occur or that we will
be able to agree upon terms for future agreements with the Union. Any work stoppages could have a material adverse effect on our business
operations, results of operations and financial condition. 

Other Risks 

Additional issuances of shares of our common
stock in the future could adversely affect the value or voting power of our outstanding common stock. 

Over the past two years we
have issued a substantial number of shares of common stock and other securities convertible into, or exercisable for, a substantial number
of additional shares of common stock. Although we cannot predict whether the holders of our securities that are convertible into, or exercisable
for, shares of our common stock will convert and/or exercise those securities, or in what amounts, the actual or anticipated issuances
or sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the future could cause the value of our common stock to decline and make it more
difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and on terms that we deem appropriate. The issuance
of any shares of our common stock in the future also would, and equity-related securities could, dilute the percentage ownership interest
and voting power held by stockholders prior to such issuance. We have also entered arrangements with certain of our officers and our directors
pursuant to which they have agreed to receive shares of our common stock in the future in lieu of current cash compensation. Although
those arrangements help the Company preserve cash for operations, the issuances of the shares to those officers and directors also will
have the effect of diluting the percentage ownership interest and voting power held by stockholders prior to such issuances. 

Our organizational documents and Delaware state
law contain provisions that could discourage or prevent a potential takeover or change in control of our company or prevent our stockholders
from receiving a premium for their shares of our common stock. 

Our board of directors has
the authority to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of undesignated Preferred Stock, to determine the powers, preferences and rights and the
qualifications, limitations or restrictions granted to or imposed upon any unissued series of undesignated Preferred Stock and to fix
the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series, without any further vote or action by our stockholders.
The Preferred Stock could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to the rights of the common stock. Furthermore,
such Preferred Stock may have other rights, including economic rights, senior to the common stock, and as a result, the issuance of such
stock could have a material adverse effect on the market value of the common stock. In addition, our Restated Certificate of Incorporation: 

eliminates the right of our
stockholders to act without a meeting; 

20 

does not provide cumulative
voting for the election of directors; 

does not provide our stockholders
with the right to call special meetings; 

provides for a classified board
of directors; and 

imposes various procedural requirements
which could make it difficult for our stockholders to effect certain corporate actions. 

These provisions and the Board s
ability to issue Preferred Stock may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or offers from third parties to acquire the Company,
preventing our stockholders from receiving a premium for their shares of our common stock, or delaying or preventing changes in control
or management of the Company. We are also afforded the protection of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which could: 

delay or prevent a change in
control of the Company; 

impede a merger, consolidation
or other business combination involving us; or 

discourage a potential acquirer
from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. 

Any of these provisions which
may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company, could have a material adverse effect on the market value
of our common stock. 

It is unlikely that we will pay dividends on
our common stock. 

We currently intend to retain
all earnings to finance the growth of our business and therefore do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. Moreover, the MidCap Agreement prohibits the payment of cash dividends by us on our common stock. 

Our common stock is thinly traded and subject
to volatility, which may adversely affect the market price for our common stock. 

Although our common stock
is currently traded on the OTCQB, it may at times be relatively illiquid, or thinly traded, which can increase share price
volatility and make it difficult for investors to buy or sell shares in the public market without materially affecting the quoted share
price. Investors may be unable to buy or sell a certain quantity of our shares in the public market within one or more trading days. If
limited trading in our stock occurs, it may be difficult for holders to sell their shares in the public market at any given time at prevailing
prices. 

The prevailing market price
of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including the
following: 

announcements of technological
innovations or new products by us, our competitors or third parties; 

quarterly variations in our
actual or anticipated results of operations; 

failure of revenues or earnings
in any quarter to meet the investment community s expectations; 

market conditions for cable
industry stocks in general; 

broader market trends unrelated
to our performance; and 

sales of significant amounts
of our common stock by our officers and directors or the perception that such shares may occur. 

The uncertainties we face
relating to our liquidity and ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations and to continue to operate our business as a going
concern also contributes to the volatility of our stock price, and any investment in our common stock could suffer a significant decline
or total loss in value. Furthermore, we may not be able to maintain compliance with the continued listing standards of the OTCQB or any
other national securities exchange or over-the-counter market on which our common stock is then traded, which may also adversely affect
the trading price of our common stock. 

21 

Our common stock has been thinly traded and
we cannot predict the extent to which a trading market will develop. 

Our common stock is quoted
on the OTBQB-tier of OTC Markets. Our common stock is thinly-traded compared to larger more widely known companies. Thinly traded common
stock can be more volatile than common stock trading in an active public market. We cannot predict the extent to which an active public
market for our common stock will develop or be sustained. 

Our common stock has a limited trading market,
which could affect your ability to sell shares of our common stock and the price you may receive for our common stock. 

Our common stock is currently
traded in the over-the-counter market and bid and asked quotations regularly appear on OTC Markets under the
symbol BDRL . There is only limited trading activity in our securities. We have a relatively small public float compared
to the number of our shares outstanding. Accordingly, we cannot predict the extent to which investors interest in our common stock
will provide an active and liquid trading market. Due to our limited public float, we may be vulnerable to investors taking a short
position in our common stock, which would likely have a depressing effect on the price of our common stock and add increased volatility
to our trading market. The volatility of the market for our common stock could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. There cannot be any guarantee that an active trading market for our securities will develop or,
if such a market does develop, will be sustained. Accordingly, investors must be able to bear the financial risk of losing their entire
investment in our common stock. 

Our common stock is quoted only on OTC Markets,
which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity. In addition, our shareholders may experience substantial difficulty
in locating a brokerage firm to deposit shares of our Company for sale into the public marketplace. 

Our common stock is quoted
on OTC Markets under the ticker symbol BDRL . OTC Markets is a significantly more limited market than the New York Stock
Exchange or the NASDAQ Stock Market. The quotation of our shares on OTC Markets may result in a less liquid market available for existing
and potential stockholders to trade shares of our common stock, could depress the trading price of our common stock, and could have a
long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future. Additionally, since we are a penny stock quoted
over-the-counter and not on a national exchange, our shareholders may experience substantial difficulty in finding a brokerage firm willing
to deposit our common stock into a brokerage account for sale into the public marketplace and/or the fees may be substantially higher
for transactions involving our common stock compared to companies that are traded on a national exchange like the New York Stock Exchange
or the NASDAQ Stock Market. 

Because we are subject to the penny
stock rules, the level of trading activity in our stock may be reduced. 

Our common stock is traded
on the OTC Markets. Broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks are regulated by certain penny
stock rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Penny stocks, like shares of our common stock, generally are equity securities
with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on NASDAQ. The penny
stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The
broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer
and its salesperson in the transaction, and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact
and the broker-dealer's presumed control over the market, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock
held in the customer's account. In addition, broker-dealers who sell these securities to persons other than established customers and
 accredited investors must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser
and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. Consequently, these requirements may have the effect of reducing the
level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security subject to the penny stock rules, and investors in our common
stock may find it difficult to sell their shares. 

22 

Our share ownership is highly concentrated.

Our directors and officers
beneficially own, or have the right to vote, in the aggregate, approximately 43 of our common stock and will continue to have significant
influence over the outcome of all matters submitted to the stockholders for approval, including the election of our directors. In addition,
certain of our directors and officers will have the right to acquire additional shares of our common stock upon exercise of conversion
rights with respect to certain indebtedness that acquire additional shares of common stock upon exercise of conversion rights with respect
to certain indebtedness that they hold. See Note 6-Subordinated Convertible Debt with Related Parties in the Notes to our Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

Our common stock has experienced and may continue
to experience price and volume fluctuations, which could cause you to lose a significant portion of your investment . 

Stock markets are subject
to significant price and volume fluctuations that may be unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies, and accordingly
the market price of our common stock may frequently and meaningfully change. The market prices and trading volume of our common stock
have recently experienced, and may continue to experience, significant fluctuations, which could cause purchasers of our common stock
to incur substantial losses. For example, during 2022 and through April 10, 2023, the closing market price of our common stock has fluctuated
from a low of 0.12 per share on July 8, 2022 to a high of 0.70 on March 30, 2022 with an intraday high of 0.93 per share on March 1,
2022 and an intraday low of 0.10 per share on June 27, 2022. The last reported sale price of our common stock on the OTCQB on April 10,
2023 was 0.21 per share. The daily trading volume in shares of our common stock has also experienced significant fluctuation. During
2022 and through April 10, 2023, daily trading volume ranged from approximately 0 shares to 17,529,500 shares. We have not had any
recent change in our financial condition or results of operations that we believe are consistent with recent fluctuations in our stock
price or trading volume. Although we believe that the recent fluctuations in our stock price and trading volume reflect market and trading
dynamics that appear to be unrelated to our underlying business, or to macro or industry fundamentals, we cannot be certain of the reasons
for these fluctuations, nor can we predict how long these dynamics will last. These factors heighten the risk of an investment in our
common stock, and the timing of your purchase of our common stock relative to fluctuations in its trading price may result in you losing
all or a significant portion of your investment. 

Significant fluctuations in
the market price of our common stock may be the result of strong and substantially increased retail investor interest, including on social
media and online forums. The market price and trading volume fluctuations and trading patterns we have experienced create several risks
for investors, including the following: 

increases or decreases in the
market price of our common stock may be unrelated to our operating performance or prospects, or macro or industry fundamentals, and inconsistent
with the risks and uncertainties that we face; 

factors in the volume of trading
our common stock and the price at which the stock trades may include retail investors sentiment (including opinions expressed
on financial trading and other social media sites and online forums), the direct access of retail investors to broadly available trading
platforms, the amount and status of short interest in our securities, access to margin debt, trading in options and other derivatives
on our common stock and any related hedging and other trading factors; and 

based on the higher trading
prices our shares have experienced recently, our market capitalization has recently reflected, and currently reflects, valuations that
diverge significantly from those seen prior to these recent fluctuations, and to the extent these valuations reflect trading dynamics
unrelated to our financial performance, prospects or the risks and uncertainties we face, purchasers of our common stock could incur
substantial losses if there are declines in market prices driven by a return to earlier valuation levels. 

23 

We may continue to experience
rapid and significant changes in our stock price and/or trading volume in the foreseeable future that may not coincide in timing with
our disclosure of news or developments affecting us and our business. Accordingly, the market price of our shares of common stock may
fluctuate dramatically, and may decline rapidly, regardless of any developments in our business. If the market price of our common stock
declines and or trading volume is reduced, you may be unable to resell your shares at or above the price at which you acquired them. 

There are also a variety of
other factors, some of which are beyond our control, that could negatively affect the market price of our common stock or result in fluctuations
in the price or trading volume of our common stock, including: 

overall performance of the equity
markets and the economy as a whole; 

actual or anticipated changes
in our growth rate relative to that of our competitors; 

announcements of technological
innovations or new products by us, our competitors or third parties; 

changes in the anticipated size
or growth rate of our addressable markets; 

announcements of acquisitions,
strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital-raising activities or commitments, by us or by our competitors; 

quarterly variations in our
actual or anticipated results of operations; 

failure of revenues or earnings
in any quarter to meet the investment community s expectations; 

market conditions for telecommunications
or cable industry stocks in general; 

new laws or regulations or new
interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to us or our customers; 

sales of significant amounts
of our common stock by our officers and directors or the perception that such sales may occur; 

sales of significant amounts
of our common stock by us or the perception that such sales may occur; 

health epidemics, such as the
COVID-19 pandemic, influenza, and other highly communicable diseases; and 

other events or factors, including
those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism (including cyberterrorism), or responses to these events 

In the past, following periods
of volatility in the market price of a company s stock, class action securities litigation has often been instituted against such
companies. Litigation may arise out of facts and circumstances, or disclosure relating thereto, that we do not currently regard as material.
Such volatility may entice stockholders to challenge our disclosure, whether or not they are correct. Any litigation, if instituted against
us, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources, which would interfere with our ability
to execute our business plan and otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable to smaller
reporting companies. 

24 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The Company s principal
manufacturing, engineering, sales and administrative facilities consist of one building totaling approximately 130,000 square feet located
on approximately 20 acres of land in Old Bridge, New Jersey (the Old Bridge Facility which was owned but currently
is leased by the Company. On February 1, 2019, the Company completed the sale of the Old Bridge Facility to Jake Brown Road, LLC (the
 Buyer ). In addition, in connection with the completion of the sale, the Company and the Buyer (as landlord) entered
into a lease (the Lease ), pursuant to which the Company will continue to occupy, and continue to conduct its manufacturing,
engineering, sales and administrative functions in the Old Bridge Facility. 

The sale of the Old Bridge
Facility was made pursuant to an Agreement of Sale dated as of August 3, 2018 (the Initial Sale Agreement ), as amended
by an Extension Letter Agreement dated as of September 20, 2018, the Second Amendment to Agreement of Sale dated as of October 8, 2018
and the Third Amendment to Agreement of Sale dated as of January 30, 2019 (the Initial Sale Agreement together with the Extension Letter
Agreement, Second Amendment to Agreement of Sale and Third Amendment to Agreement of Sale, collectively, the Sale Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Sale Agreement, at closing, the Buyer paid the Company 10,500,000. In addition, at closing, the Company advanced to the
Buyer the sum of 130,000, representing a preliminary estimate of the Company s share (as a tenant of the Old Bridge Facility following
closing) of property repairs, as contemplated by the Sale Agreement (the Repair Escrow ). The Company recognized a
gain of 7,175,000 in connection with the sale. 

The Lease has an initial term
of five years and allows the Company to extend the term for an additional five years following the initial term. The Company is obligated
to pay base rent of approximately 922,000 in 2023, with the amount of the base rent adjusted for each subsequent year to equal 102.5 
of the preceding year s base rent. 

The Company leases an engineering
facility consisting of one building totaling approximately 1,141 square feet in Fort Wayne, Indiana. The lease for this facility expires
in May 2023. The Company may extend the lease, find alternative space or let the lease expire. The total lease obligation for the Fort
Wayne, Indiana facility will be approximately 5,000 during 2023. 

Management believes that these
facilities are adequate to support the Company s anticipated needs in 2023. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The Company is a party to
certain proceedings incidental to the ordinary course of its business, none of which, in the opinion of management, is likely to have
a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

25 

PART II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Trading Market 

The Company s common
stock has been traded on the OTCQB under the symbol BDRL since June 27, 2022. Any OTCQB market quotations reflect inter-dealer
prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

As of March 29, 2023, the
Company had 58 holders of record of the common stock. Since a portion of the Company s common stock is held in street 
or nominee name, the Company is unable to determine the exact number of beneficial holders. 

Dividends 

The Company currently anticipates
that it will retain all of its earnings to finance the operation of its business, and therefore does not intend to pay dividends on its
common stock in the foreseeable future. Since its initial public offering, the Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on
its common stock. Any determination to pay dividends in the future is at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and
will depend upon the Company s financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, limitations contained in loan agreements
and such other factors as the Board of Directors deems relevant. The MidCap Agreement prohibits the payment of cash dividends by the Company
on its common stock. 

Share Repurchases 

On July 24, 2002, the Company
commenced a stock repurchase program to acquire up to 300,000 of its outstanding common stock (the 2002 Program ).
On February 13, 2007, the Company announced a new stock repurchase program to acquire up to an additional 100,000 shares of its outstanding
common stock (the 2007 Program ). As of December 31, 2022, the Company can purchase up to 72,000 of its common stock
under the 2002 Program and up to 100,000 shares of its common stock under the 2007 Program. While the Company may, in its discretion,
continue making purchases under the 2002 Program up to its limits, and thereafter to make purchases under the 2007 Program, no such purchases
are currently anticipated. The MidCap Agreement currently prohibits the Company from repurchasing shares of its common stock, whether
under the 2002 Program and the 2007 Program or otherwise. During 2022 and 2021, the Company did not purchase any of its common stock under
the 2002 Program or the 2007 Program. 

26 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion
and analysis of the Company s historical results of operations and liquidity and capital resources should be read in conjunction
with the consolidated financial statements of the Company and notes thereto appearing elsewhere herein. The following discussion and analysis
also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. See Forward Looking Statements that precedes Item 1
above. 

Overview 

The Company was incorporated
in November 1988, under the laws of Delaware as GPS Acquisition Corp. for the purpose of acquiring the business of Blonder-Tongue Laboratories,
Inc., a New Jersey corporation, which was founded in 1950 by Ben H. Tongue and Isaac S. Blonder to design, manufacture and supply a line
of electronics and systems equipment principally for the private cable industry. Following the acquisition, the Company changed its name
to Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. The Company completed the initial public offering of its shares of common stock in December 1995. 

Today, the Company is a technology-development
and manufacturing company that delivers a wide range of products and services to the telecommunications, cable entertainment and media
industry. For 70 years, Blonder Tongue/Drake products have been deployed in a long list of locations, including lodging/hospitality, multi-dwelling
units/apartments, broadcast studios/networks, universities/schools, healthcare/hospitals, fitness centers, government facilities/offices,
prisons, airports, sports stadiums/arenas, entertainment venues/casinos, retail stores, and small-medium businesses. These applications
are variously described as small and medium sized businesses in commercial, institutional or enterprise environments, and will be referred
to herein collectively as SMB . The customers we serve include business entities installing private video and data
networks in these environments, whether they are the largest cable television operators, telco or satellite providers, integrators, architects,
engineers or the next generation of Internet Protocol Television IPTV streaming video providers. The technology
requirements of these markets change rapidly, and the Company s research and development team is continually delivering high performance-lower
cost solutions to meet customers needs. 

The Company s strategy
is focused on providing a wide range of products to meet the needs of the SMB environments described above, including lodging/hospitality,
multi-dwelling units/apartments, broadcast studios/networks, universities/schools, healthcare/hospitals, fitness centers, government facilities/offices,
prisons, airports, sports stadiums/arenas, entertainment venues/casinos, retail stores, and small-medium businesses, and to provide offerings
that are optimized for an operator s existing infrastructure, as well as the operator s future strategy. A key component of
this growth strategy is to provide products that deliver the latest technologies (such as IPTV and digital 4K, UHD, HD and SD video content)
and have a high performance-to-cost ratio. 

In 2019, the Company initiated
a consumer premise equipment CPE sales initiative. The products sold in 2019 comprise primarily Android-based IPTV
set top boxes to the Tier 2 and Tier 3 cable and telecommunications service providers. Although this strategic initiative was designed
to secure an in-home position with the Company s product offerings, and direct relationships with a wide range of service providers,
and increase sales of the Company s Telecom and SMB products by the BT Premier Distributors to those same service providers, it
was decided in 2021, to de-emphasize this strategy due to the low gross margin of this initiative and global semiconductor supply chain
limitations. The CPE Product initiative achieved sales to over 75 different telco, municipal fiber and cable operators and accounted for
approximately 0 and 7 of the Company s 2022 and 2021 revenues, respectively, although its contribution to net income has not had
a material impact on the Company s performance. 

Like many businesses throughout
the United States and the world, the Company has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Because there are daily, weekly and monthly developments
regarding the outbreak, we are continually assessing the current and anticipated future effects on our business, including how these developments
are impacting or may impact our customers, employees and business partners. In our core SMB business, we have experienced a noticeable
decline in sales. From March 2020 through Q3 of 2021 many of our customers significantly reduced their business operations. In our CPE
business we have experienced a more substantial reduction in sales, again as a result of our customers significant decrease in
their business activities coupled with expected supply chain constraints. During and since Q3 2021, the Company has seen our customers,
in general, begin to recover their business operations at the same time as the Company began to see global disruptions in semiconductor
supply chain, which is a major raw material component of the products the Company designs, manufactures and sells. With uncertainties
surrounding the extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak will affect the economy generally, and our customers and business partners in particular,
it is impossible for us to predict when conditions will improve to the point that we can reasonably forecast when our sales and product
shipments might return to historical levels. Since 2019, we have taken steps to reduce and are currently taking additional steps to significantly
reduce our expenses, including adjustments in our staffing (in the form of furloughs) and reductions in manufacturing activities, which
we believe will improve our ability to continue our operations at current levels and meet our obligations to our customers. 

27 

The Company s manufacturing
is allocated primarily between its facility in Old Bridge, New Jersey Old Bridge Facility and key contract manufacturing
located in the People s Republic of China PRC as well as South Korea, Taiwan and Ohio. The Company currently
manufactures most of its digital products, including the NXG product line and latest encoder, transcoder and EdgeQAM collections at the
Old Bridge Facility. Since 2007 the Company has transitioned and continues to manufacture certain high-volume, labor intensive products,
including many of the Company s analog and other products, in the PRC, pursuant to manufacturing agreements that govern the production
of products that may from time to time be the subject of purchase orders submitted by (and in the discretion of) the Company. Although
the Company does not currently anticipate the transfer of any additional products to the PRC or other countries for manufacture, the Company
may do so if business and market conditions make it advantageous to do so. Manufacturing products both at the Company s Old Bridge
Facility as well as in the PRC, South Korea, Taiwan and Ohio enables the Company to realize cost reductions while maintaining a competitive
position and time-to-market advantage. 

Results of Operations 

For the year ended December
31, 2022 compared with year ended December 31, 2021, discussion is included below. 

The following table sets forth,
for the fiscal periods indicated, certain consolidated statement of earnings data as a percentage of net sales. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net sales 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 
 Costs of goods sold 
 69.8 
 62.8 
 
 Gross profit 
 30.2 
 37.2 
 
 Selling expenses 
 11.0 
 15.6 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 21.1 
 23.9 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 9.8 
 16.5 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (11.7 
 (18.8 
 
 Gain on debt forgiveness 
 0.0 
 11.2 
 
 Other income 
 0.0 
 11.5 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 4.4 
 3.3 
 
 Earnings (loss) before income taxes 
 (16.1 
 0.6 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 0.0 
 0.1 
 
 Net earnings (loss) 
 (16.1 
 0.5 

2022 Compared with 2021 

Net Sales . Net sales
increased 2,361,000 or 15 to 18,115,000 in 2022 from 15,754,000 in 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in
encoder/decoder products, NXG products, DOCSIS data products and coax distribution products, offset by a decrease in sales of CPE products
and analog modulation products. Sales of CPE products were 29,000 and 1,120,000, DOCSIS data products were 2,356,000 and 755,000,
analog modulation products were 450,000 and 790,000, coax distribution products were 1,490,000 and 1,266,000, encoders/transcoders
products were 9,140,000 and 7,863,000 and NXG products were 2,709,000 and 1,924,000 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company experienced
a reduction in CPE products during 2022 due to the deemphasis of this product line, which the Company expects to continue into 2023. The
Company experienced an increase in DOCSIS data products due to increased demand as we went into the post pandemic era as these products
are used primarily in the hospitality and assisted-living environments. The Company experienced a reduction in analog modulation products
due to the continued market shifting away from analog modulation solutions. The Company expects the sales of the analog modulation and
coax distribution products to continue to decline in 2023. The Company experienced an increase in encoder/decoder products and NXG IP
video signal processing products as these product lines represent newer products and newer technologies with higher demand from customers. 

Cost of Goods Sold. 
Cost of goods sold increased to 12,652,000 in 2022 from 9,896,000 in 2021 and increased as a percentage of sales to 69.8 for 2022
from 62.8 for 2021. The dollar increase and the increase as a percentage of sales was primarily attributable to the increase in materials
cost and the freight cost on materials. 

Selling Expenses. 
Selling expenses decreased to 1,995,000 in 2022 from 2,459,000 in 2021 and decreased as a percentage of sales to 11 for 2022 from
15.6 for 2021. This 464,000 decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in salary expenses of 411,000 and a decrease in consulting
expense of 60,000. The decrease as a percentage of sales was primarily attributable to the sales increase. 

General and Administrative
Expenses . General and administrative expenses increased to 3,821,000 in 2022 from 3,767,000 in 2021 and decreased as a percentage
of sales to 21.1 for 2022 from 23.9 for 2021. This 54,000 increase was primarily the result of an increase in consulting fees of 165,000,
an increase in salary expenses of 48,000, offset by a decrease in amortization expense of 157,000. The decrease as a percentage of sales
was attributable to the overall increase in sales. 

28 

Research and Development
Expense . Research and development expenses decreased to 1,778,000 in 2022 from 2,592,000 in 2021 and decreased as a percentage of
sales to 9.8 in 2022 from 16.5 in 2021. This 814,000 decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in salaries and fringe benefits
of 609,000 due to a decrease in head count, a decrease in supplies of 91,000, a decrease in rents of 24,000, and a decrease in
amortization of licenses in the amount of 47,000. 

Operating loss . Operating
loss of 2,131,000 for 2022 represents an improvement from the operating loss of 2,960,000 for 2021. Operating loss as a percentage of
sales decreased to 11.8 in 2022 from 18.8 in 2021 for the reasons discussed above. 

Gain on debt forgiveness .
Gain on debt forgiveness was 0 in 2022 versus 1,769,000 in 2021. 

Other income. Other income decreased to 0 in 2022 from 1,804,000 in 2021. The decrease
was the result of the Employee Retention Tax Credit accrued in 2021. At December 31, 2022, the Company is still owed 299,000 in ERTC
funds which it expects to receive during the second quarter of 2023. 

Interest expense net .
Interest expense, net increased to 789,000 in 2022 from 514,000 in 2021. The increase was primarily the result of higher average borrowings
and interest rates, including an increase of 10,000 of PIK interest. 

Income Taxes. The
provision for income taxes was 15,000 in both 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company records a full valuation allowance for net deferred
tax assets that are no longer considered to be realizable. The significant negative evidence supporting the full valuation allowance
includes an operating loss for the current year, a cumulative pre-tax loss for the three years ended December 31, 2022, the inability
to carryback the net operating losses, limited future reversals of existing temporary differences and the limited availability of tax
planning strategies. The Company expects to continue to provide a full valuation allowance until, or unless, it can sustain a level of
profitability that demonstrates its ability to utilize these assets. 

Inflation and Seasonality 

Inflation and seasonality have not previously had a material impact
on the results of operations of the Company. However, beginning in early 2022, the Company began to experience inflationary pressures
related to the procurement of certain products used in its manufacturing process and expects these pressures to continue at least through
the remainder of 2023. To date we have been successful in passing on cost increases to our customers and will continue to attempt to pass
on increases to customers. However, there can be no assurances that the Company will continue to be able to do so. Fourth quarter sales
in 2022 as compared to other quarters were slightly impacted by fewer production days. The Company expects sales each year in the fourth
quarter to be impacted by fewer production days. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Unless we significantly
 improve revenue and significantly decrease operational expenses we do not believe our existing liquidity and cash flows from
operations are adequate to fund our normal expected future business operations for the next 12 months. If our existing capital
resources or cash flows become insufficient to meet current business plans, projections, and existing capital requirements, we may
be required to raise additional funds, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, cash held in bank accounts and loan availability were 649,000 and 366,000, respectively. Our capital commitments over
the next twelve months include (a) 3,583,000 to satisfy December 31, 2022 accounts payable, accrued expense and lease liabilities
and (b) renegotiating an extension of the Subordinated Debt Agreements. 

We do not believe that our current cash flows from operations would
be adequate to fund our normal expected future operations for the long term unless we improve revenue and significantly decrease operational
expenses. If our existing capital resources or cash flows become insufficient to meet anticipated business plans and existing capital
requirements, we may be required to raise additional funds, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. 

The Company s working
capital was (189,000) and 1,618,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Company s net cash
used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,382,000, primarily due to an increase in receivables of 1,600,000,
a decrease in lease liability of 718,000, a decrease in prepaid and other current assets of 253,000, offset by an increase in accounts
payable accrued expenses and accrued compensation of 1,059,000 and non-cash adjustments used in operating activities of 2,153,000, compared
to net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 1,167,000, primarily due to an increase in inventories
of 791,000, a decrease in lease liability of 787,000, an increase in prepaid and other current assets of 554,000 offset by an increase
in accounts payable accrued expenses and accrued compensation of 456,000 and non-cash adjustments used in operating activities of 416,000. 

Cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022
was 55,000, which was attributable primarily to capital expenditures of 48,000 and the acquisition of licenses of 7,000. Cash
used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 86,000, which was attributable primarily to capital expenditures
of 31,000 and the acquisition of licenses of 55,000. 

Cash provided by financing
activities was 1,242,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, comprised primarily of net borrowings of line of credit of 1,987,000,
offset by repayments of debt of 67,000 and repayment of promissory notes of 678,000. Cash provided by financing activities was 1,458,000
for the year ended December 31, 2021, comprised primarily of borrowings under the subordinated convertible debt facility of 700,000,
net borrowings of line of credit of 255,000, the net proceeds of stock issuances of 492,000, the proceeds of the exercise of stock options
of 11,000 and the proceeds of the exercise of stock warrants of 61,000 offset by repayments of debt of 61,000. 

29 

For a full description of
the Company s senior secured indebtedness under the MidCap Facility and its effect upon the Company s consolidated financial
position and results of operations, see Note 5 - Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The Company s primary
sources of liquidity have been its existing cash balances, cash generated from operations, amounts available under the MidCap Facility,
amounts available under the Subordinated Loan Facility and cash generated from sales of its common stock, as well as funds made available
to the Company through participation in several federal government financial assistance programs implemented pursuant to the Coronavirus
Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, including the Paycheck Protection Program and the Employee Retention Tax Credit. On a going-forward
basis, the Company expects its primary sources of liquidity will be its existing cash balances, cash generated from operations and amounts
available under the MidCap Facility. The Company also may seek to raise additional capital through the issuance of shares of common stock
or other securities convertible into, or exercisable for, shares of common stock, although the Company cannot provide any assurances that
this type of additional financing will be available on reasonable terms, or at all. The Company had approximately 570,000 and approximately
 51,000 availability for borrowing under the MidCap Facility, as of December 31, 2022 and April 10, 2023, respectively. 

As discussed in Item 2 - Properties,
on February 1, 2019, the Company completed the sale of the Old Bridge Facility to Jake Brown Road, LLC (the Buyer ).
In addition, in connection with the completion of the sale, the Company and the Buyer (as landlord) entered into a lease (the Lease ),
pursuant to which the Company will continue to occupy, and continue to conduct its manufacturing, engineering, sales and administrative
functions in the Old Bridge Facility. 

The Lease has an initial term
of five years and allows the Company to extend the term for an additional five years following the initial term. The Company was obligated
to pay base rent of approximately 837,000 for the first year of the Lease, with the amount of the base rent adjusted for each subsequent
year to equal 102.5 of the preceding year s base rent. Without regard to any reduction in the Company s lease expense derived
from its sublease to a third party of the Sublease Space (defined below), for the first year of the Lease, the base rent of approximately
 837,000.00 would offset, in part, the anticipated annualized saving of interest and depreciation expense of approximately 469,000 and
the cash debt service of approximately 562,000. The Lease further provides for an initial security deposit in an amount equal to eight
months of base rent, which could be reduced to not lower than three months of base rent, upon certain benchmarks being met during the
Lease term. It was determined in the first quarter 2020 that the applicable benchmark relevant to the six-month period ended August 1,
2019 was met and as a result the landlord released a portion of the security deposit equal to one month s base rent to the Company,
leaving an aggregate security deposit held by the landlord, in an amount equal to seven months of base rent. Subsequently, the Company
determined in the third quarter 2020 that the applicable benchmark relevant to the six-month period ended August 1, 2020 was met and as
a result, the Company notified the landlord in writing that it would offset rent otherwise due on August 1, 2020 against the reimbursement
of a portion of the security deposit equal to one month s base rent, leaving an aggregate security deposit held by the landlord,
in an amount equal to six months of base rent. The landlord expressed its disagreement with the Company s interpretation of the
lease and requested the provision of financial information to support the Company s contention or in the alternative payment of
the offset amount. Subsequently, no further actions or communications regarding the offset were made by the landlord and the Company thereafter,
beginning with September 2020, resumed timely payments of its rental obligations under the Lease. In early 2021, the Company undertook
an analysis of the common area maintenance charges being assessed under the Lease in an effort to reconcile those payments with the specific
terms of the Lease. The Lease provides that this reconciliation is to be accomplished by the landlord annually, however this has not occurred.
The Company s analysis indicates that it may have been overcharged for common area maintenance expenses since the inception of the
Lease and submitted supporting data to the landlord, requesting that the landlord review the submission against its records. The Company
has also requested that the landlord release from escrow and return to the Company, the unexpended balance of the Repair Escrow. The landlord
and the Company anticipated resolving the reconciliation of the common area maintenance charges and Repair Escrow release request during
the month of February 2021 and with the prior oral approval of the landlord, the Company refrained from paying February 2021 rent, expecting
that the reconciliation would be completed prior to the end of that month. Inasmuch as the disputed amounts, in the opinion of the Company,
exceed three months rent and common area maintenance expenses, the Company refrained from the payment of base rent and common area
maintenance charges for the months of February 2021 and March 2021, it being the expectation of the parties that these amounts will be
credited against the amount finally determined to be reimbursed to the Company. Without prejudice to the Company s positions regarding
these matters, and without creating any inference that the Company agrees with any of the landlord s claims or waiving any rights
available to the Company under the Lease or otherwise, on May 5, 2021, the Company made payment to the landlord of 140,000, representing
all amounts that the landlord then claimed were due. Notwithstanding the continuing disagreements with the landlord s monthly payment
demands, the Company is meeting these demands on a current basis, but continues to reserve its rights regarding the same. The Company
has not recently held discussions with the landlord regarding the foregoing areas of disagreement, however its position regarding amounts
due back to the Company has not changed. At the appropriate time, the Company anticipates engaging in further discussion of these matters
with the landlord in an attempt to negotiate a resolution of these disagreements. The Company, however, cannot assure you that these matters
will be resolved in a manner that is favorable to the Company or that litigation might not result if a negotiated resolution not forthcoming. 

30 

The landlord may, once during
the lease term or any renewal thereof, require the Company to relocate to another facility made available by the landlord that meets the
Company s specifications for a replacement facility within a defined geographical area, by providing notice which confirms that
all of the Company s specifications for a replacement facility will be met, that all costs relating to such relocation will be paid
by the landlord, and that security for the repayment of those relocation costs has been established. The Company will also be provided
a six-month overlap period (the Overlap Period during which the Company may operate in the Old Bridge Facility with
rent therein being abated, but with rent being paid at the replacement facility, to mitigate interruptions of the Company s on-going
business while the move occurs. If the Company declines to be relocated to the facility proposed by the landlord, the Lease will terminate
18 months from the date of the landlord s notice, but the Company will continue to be entitled to receive the same benefits in terms
of reimbursement of its relocation costs and an Overlap Period during which no rent will be due at the Old Bridge Facility, while the
Company moves its operations to an alternative facility that it has identified. 

On December 31, 2019, the
Company entered into a two-year sublease to a third party for 32,500 square feet of the Old Bridge Facility (the Sublease Space which commenced on March 1, 2020, the rental proceeds from which inure to the benefit of the Company. The sublease also provides for a
one-year renewal option, which was exercised in January 2022. The sublease provides rental income approximately 284,000 in the first
year, approximately 293,000 in the second year and approximately 301,000 in the third year of the sublease. 

In connection with the fulfillment
of certain of the Company s purchase orders, the Company was financing expediting fees charged in connection with the purchase orders
by delivering a promissory note (the Note to the supplier of the goods, in the principal amount of approximately
 630,000. The Note was unsecured and has an interest rate of 12 per annum. The Company was obligated to repay the principal balance of
the note beginning in September 2021 and continuing thereafter for an additional five consecutive monthly installments on the 15 th 
day of each successive calendar month, as follows: September 2021, 100,000, October 2021, 100,000, November 2021, 100,000, December
2021, 100,000, January 2022, 100,000 and February 2022, 140,000. Accrued interest was paid concurrently with each principal installment.
The note was satisfied in March 2022. 

During 2021, the Company continued
to experience a decline in sales, a loss from operations and net cash used in operating activities, in conjunction with liquidity constraints.
These factors raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, there still exists
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern. 

While management of the Company
believes that the Company will be successful in its planned operating activities, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful
in generating sufficient revenues and reduced expenses to sustain the operations of the Company. If anticipated operating results are
not achieved and/or the Company is unable to obtain additional financing, it may be required to take additional measures to reduce costs
in order to conserve its cash in amounts sufficient to sustain operations and meet its obligations, which measures could have a material
adverse effect on the Company s ability to achieve its intended business objectives and may be insufficient to enable the Company
to continue as a going concern for at least twelve months from the date these financial statements are made available to be issued. 

Beginning in the middle of
2019, the Company experienced a significant decline in its net sales of core or legacy products, which while not recovering to historical
norms, stabilized during the early part of the first quarter of 2020. Beginning in February 2020, however, as the prospects of an ever-worsening
outbreak of COVID-19 took hold, the Company began to experience adverse impacts to revenues across all of its product lines. Sales of
the Company s products did not return to historical norms during 2021 or 2022. The Company still does not anticipate that sales
will recover to historical norms during 2023, due primarily to supply chain shortages impacting the Company s ability to source
raw materials used in the manufacturing process. In light of these developments and as detailed below, the Company has taken significant
steps during the past year, implemented in several phases, in order to manage operations through what has been a period of diminished
sales levels. 

As part of its efforts to
improve liquidity and provide operating capital, on April 7, 2020, the Company entered into a certain Consent and Amendment (the MidCap
First Amendment to Loan Agreement and Loan Documents with Midcap (the MidCap Loan Agreement ), which amended
the MidCap Facility to, among other things, remove the existing 400,000 availability block, subject to the same being re-imposed at the
rate of approximately 7,000 per month commencing June 1, 2020. The operative provisions relating to the removal of the availability block
under the MidCap First Amendment became effective on April 8, 2020, following the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
by the Subordinated Loan Facility (defined below). 

31 

On April 5, 2022, the Company entered into a Ninth Amendment to the
MidCap Loan Agreement (the MidCap Ninth Amendment ). Among other things, the amendment modified the MidCap Loan Agreement s
definition of Borrowing Base so as to provide for an over-advance facility (the 2022 Over-Advance Facility in an aggregate amount of up to 1,000,000. MidCap s agreement to enter into the MidCap Ninth Amendment was conditioned, in part,
on the entry into a participation agreement between MidCap and Robert J. Palle, a Director, and an affiliate of Mr. Palle (the Palle
Parties ). The terms of the MidCap Ninth Amendment and the participation agreement contemplate that any advances made by Midcap
pursuant to the 2022 Over-Advance Facility would be funded by the Palle Parties under the participation agreement. Advances under the
2022 Over-Advance Facility are subject to the discretion of MidCap and the Palle Parties. On April 5, 2022, pursuant to the 2022 Over-Advance
Facility and the participation agreement, the Palle Parties funded an initial advance of 200,000 that was provided to the Company. From
April 5, 2022 to December 23, 2022, a total of 975,000 was made by Midcap to the Company, which was funded by the Palle Parties. Further
advances may be made to the Company upon its request, subject to the discretion of MidCap and the Palle Parties, in minimum amounts of
not less than 100,000 per tranche, unless a lesser amount is agreed to by the parties. The amount advanced in each tranche will bear
an interest rate of 1 per month. 

On May 5, 2022, the Company
entered into a Tenth Amendment to MidCap Loan Agreement (the MidCap Tenth Amendment ), to, among other things, modify the
MidCap Loan Agreement s definition of Minimum EBITDA Covenant Trigger Event. The MidCap Tenth Amendment amends the definition,
retroactive to and as of January 1, 2022. All other substantive terms of the MidCap Loan Agreement continue in full force and effect. 

On June 14, 2022, the Company
entered into an Eleventh Amendment to MidCap Loan Agreement (the MidCap Eleventh Amendment ), to, among other things, (i)
modify the MidCap Loan Agreement s definition of Borrowing Base to extend the Company s WIP advance and the amortization
of the Company s overadvance facility until July 1, 2022, and (ii) delete in its entirety from the MidCap Loan Agreement the Company s
minimum EBITDA covenant. All other substantive terms of the Loan Agreement continue in full force and effect. 

On July 1, 2022, the Company
entered into a Twelfth Amendment to MidCap Loan Agreement (the Twelfth Amendment ), to, among other things, modify the Loan
Agreement s definition of Borrowing Base to extend the Company s WIP advance and the amortization of the Company s
overadvance facility until July 15, 2022. All other substantive terms of the Loan Agreement continue in full force and effect. 

On October 25, 2022, the Company
entered into a Thirteenth Amendment to MidCap Loan Agreement (the Thirteenth Amendment ), to, among other things, extend
the expiration date of the Loan Agreement to October 28, 2022. 

On October 28, 2022, the Company entered into a Fourteenth Amendment
to MidCap Loan Agreement (the Fourteenth Amendment ), to, among other things, extend the expiration date of the Loan Agreement
to June 30, 2023, modify the definition of Borrowing Base to extend the Company s WIP advance and the amortization
of the Company s overadvance facility until December 1, 2022 and increase the 2022 overadvance facility to 1,500,000. As of April
4, 2023 a total of 1,175,000 was made by MidCap to the Company, which was funded by the Palle Parties. All other substantive terms of
the Loan Agreement continue in full force and effect. 

On April 8, 2020, the Company,
as borrower, together with Livewire Ventures, LLC (wholly owned by the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, Edward R. Grauch),
MidAtlantic IRA, LLC FBO Steven L. Shea IRA (an IRA account for the benefit of the Company s Chairman of the Board, Steven Shea),
Carol M. Pall and Robert J. Pall , Anthony J. Bruno, and Stephen K. Necessary, as lenders (collectively, the Initial
Lenders and Robert J. Pall , as Agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the Agent entered into
a certain Senior Subordinated Convertible Loan and Security Agreement (the Subordinated Loan Agreement ), pursuant
to which the lenders from time to time party thereto may provide up to 1,500,000 of loans to the Company (the Subordinated
Loan Facility ). Interest accrues on the outstanding amounts advanced under the Subordinated Loan Facility at the rate of 12 
per annum, compounded and payable monthly, in-kind, by the automatic increase of the principal amount of the loan on each monthly interest
payment date, by the amount of the accrued interest payable at that time PIK Interest provided, however, that
at the option of the Company, it may pay interest in cash on any interest payment date, in lieu of PIK Interest. 

On April 8, 2020, the Initial
Lenders agreed to provide the Company with a Tranche A term loan facility of 800,000, of which 600,000 was advanced to the Company on
April 8, 2020, 100,000 was advanced to the Company on April 17, 2020 and 100,000 was advanced to the Company on January 12, 2021. The
Initial Lenders participating in the Tranche A term loan facility have the option of converting the principal balance of the loan held
by each of them, in whole (unless otherwise agreed by the Company), into shares of the Company s common stock, at a conversion price
equal to the volume weighted average price of the common stock as reported by the NYSE American, during the five trading days preceding
April 8, 2020 (the Tranche A Conversion Price which was calculated at 0.593. The conversion right was subject to
stockholder approval as required by the rules of the NYSE American, and was obtained on June 11, 2020 at the Company s annual meeting
of stockholders. 

32 

On April 24, 2020, the Company,
the Initial Lenders and Ronald V. Alterio (the Company s Senior Vice President-Engineering, Chief Technology Officer) and certain
additional unaffiliated investors (the Additional Lenders , and, together with the Initial Lenders, the Lenders entered into the First Amendment to Senior Subordinated Convertible Loan and Security Agreement and Joinder (the Amendment ).
The Amendment provides for the funding of 200,000 of additional loans as a Tranche B term loan under the Subordinated Loan Facility established
under the Subordinated Loan Agreement, with such loans being provided by the Additional Lenders. The Amendment also sets the conversion
price of 0.55 (the Tranche B Conversion Price with respect to the right of the Additional Lenders to convert the
accreted principal balance of the loans held by each of them into shares of the Company s common stock. The terms and conditions
of the conversion rights applicable to the Initial Lenders and the Additional Lenders are otherwise identical in all material respects,
including the terms restricting conversion to an aggregate amount of shares of common stock that would not result in the Company s
non-compliance with NYSE American rules requiring stockholder approval of issuances or potential issuances of shares in excess of the
percentage limits specified therein or in an amount that may be deemed to constitute a change of control under such rules. These restrictions
terminated as the requisite stockholder approval was obtained on June 11, 2020 at the Company s annual meeting of stockholders. 

On April 10, 2020, the Company
received loan proceeds of approximately 1,769,000 PPP Loan under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ).
The PPP, established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), provided for loans
to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The PPP Loan and
accrued interest are forgivable after twenty-four weeks (the Covered Period as long as the borrower uses the loan
proceeds for eligible purposes, including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, and maintains its payroll levels. The amount of loan
forgiveness would be reduced if the borrower terminated employees or reduced salaries during the eight-week period. 

The PPP Loan was evidenced
by a promissory note, dated as of April 5, 2020 (the Note ), between the Company, as Borrower, and JPMorgan Chase
Bank, N.A., as Lender (the Lender ). The interest rate on the Note was 0.98 per annum, with interest accruing on
the unpaid principal balance computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in a year of 360 days. No payments of principal
or interest were due during the ten-month period beginning after the Covered Period (the Deferral Period ). 

On June 22, 2021, the Company
applied to the SBA for full forgiveness of the PPP Loan. On June 30, 2021, the Company received notification that the forgiveness was
granted. The Company recorded the 1,769,000 forgiveness as a gain on debt forgiveness during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

On October 29, 2020, the unaffiliated
Additional Investors as described in Note 6, submitted irrevocable notices of conversion under the Tranche B Term Loan. As a result, approximately
 175,000 of original principal and 11,000 of PIK interest outstanding under the Tranche B Term Loan were converted into 338,272 shares
of Company common stock in full satisfaction of the underlying indebtedness. 

On December 14, 2020, the
Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain accredited investors (the
 Purchasers for the sale and issuance by the Company to the Purchasers of (i) an aggregate of 1,429,000 shares (the
 Shares of the Company s common stock and (ii) warrants (the Purchaser Warrants to purchase
an aggregate of up to 714,000 shares of common stock (the Purchaser Warrant Shares ), for aggregate gross proceeds
to the Company of 1,000, before deducting placement agent fees and offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company also agreed
to issue to the placement agents and certain persons affiliated with the placement agents, as additional compensation, (a) fully-vested
warrants (the Placement Agent Warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to 100,000 shares (the Placement
Agent Warrant Shares of common stock and (b) contingent warrants (the Placement Agent Contingent Warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to an additional 50,000 shares (the Placement Agent Contingent Warrant Shares of
common stock. The transaction closed on December 15, 2020. 

The Purchase Agreement also
includes terms that give the Purchasers certain price protections, providing for adjustments of the number of shares of common stock held
by them in the event of certain future dilutive securities issuances by the Company for a period not to exceed 18 months following the
closing of the private placement, or such earlier date on which all of the Purchaser Warrants have been exercised. In addition, the Purchase
Agreement provides the Purchasers with a right to participate in certain future Company financings, up to 30 of the amount of such financings,
for a period of 24 months following the closing of the private placement. The Purchase Agreement also required the Company to register
the resale of the Shares and the Purchaser Warrant Shares pursuant to the terms of a Registration Rights Agreement between the Company
and the Purchasers, dated as of December 14, 2020, as further described below. The Company filed a registration statement with the SEC
on January 14, 2021 to register the resale of the Shares and the Purchaser Warrant Shares, which registration statement was declared effective
by the SEC on January 21, 2021. 

The Purchaser Warrants have
an exercise price of 1.25 per share, are exercisable beginning on December 15, 2020, and have a term of three years. The exercise price
and the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of each Purchaser Warrant is subject to appropriate adjustments in the
event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the
common stock. The fair value of the Purchaser Warrants is 643,000. 

33 

In certain circumstances,
upon the occurrence of a fundamental transaction, a holder of Purchaser Warrants is entitled to receive, upon any subsequent exercise
of the Purchaser Warrant, for each Purchaser Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise of the Purchaser Warrant immediately
prior to the fundamental transaction, at the option of the holder, the number of shares of common stock of the successor or acquiring
corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration receivable as a result of the fundamental
transaction by a holder of the number of shares of common stock of the Company for which the Purchaser Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to the fundamental transaction. If holders of the Company s common stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or
property to be received in a fundamental transaction, then the Holder shall be given the choice as to the additional consideration it
receives upon any exercise of the Purchaser Warrant following the fundamental transaction. 

The Placement Agent Warrants
have an exercise price of 0.70 per share, a term of five years from December 14, 2020, and became exercisable upon the Company obtaining
the stockholder approval described above. The exercise price and the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of each Placement
Agent Warrant is subject to appropriate adjustments in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations,
reclassifications or similar events affecting the common stock. The Placement Agent Warrants also provide the holders with certain piggyback 
registration rights, permitting the holders to request that the Company include the Placement Agent Warrant Shares for sale in certain
registration statements filed by the Company. The fair value of the Placement Agent Warrants is 121,000. During June and July 2021, the
Company received approximately 61,000 as 87,500 of Placement Agent Warrants were exercised. 

The Placement Agent Contingent
Warrants have an exercise price of 1.25 per share, a term of five years from December 14, 2020, and become exercisable if, and to the
extent, holders of the Purchaser Warrants exercise such Purchaser Warrants. In no event, however, will the Placement Agent Contingent
Warrants become exercisable unless and until Stockholder Approval has been obtained. The exercise price and the number of shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of each Placement Agent Contingent Warrant is subject to appropriate adjustments in the event of certain
stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the common stock. The
Placement Agent Contingent Warrants also provide the holders with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting the
holders to request that the Company include the Placement Agent Contingent Warrant Shares for sale in certain registration statements
filed by the Company. The fair value of the Placement Agent Contingent Warrants is 56,000. 

On January 28, 2021, the Company
entered into the Third Amendment to Senior Subordinated Convertible Loan and Security Agreement and Joinder (the LSA Third Amendment with the Tranche A Parties, the Tranche B Parties (that had not previously converted the loans attributable to each of them into shares
of common stock), the Agent and certain other investors (the Tranche C Parties ). Pursuant to the LSA Third Amendment,
the parties agreed to increase the aggregate loan limit under the Subordinated Loan Agreement from 1,500,000 to 1,600,000 and the Tranche
C Parties agreed to provide the Company with a commitment for a 600,000 term loan facility, all of which was advanced to the Company
on January 29, 2021 (the Tranche C Loans ). As is the case with the loans provided by the Tranche A Parties and Tranche
B Parties, interest on the Tranche C Loans accrues at 12 per annum and is payable monthly in-kind, by the automatic increase of the principal
amount of the loans on each monthly interest payment date, by the amount of the accrued interest payable at that time. The Company, at
its option, may pay any interest due on the Tranche C Loans in cash on any interest payment date in lieu of PIK Interest. The Tranche
C Parties also have the option, following Stockholder Approval (defined below) of converting the accreted principal balance of the Tranche
C Loans attributable to each of them into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of 1.00. 

Both the Purchase Agreement
and the Subordinated Loan Agreement (as amended by the LSA Third Amendment) obligated the Company to call a special meeting of its stockholders
to seek stockholder approval of the issuance of shares of its common stock issuable in connection with the transactions contemplated by
the Securities Purchase Agreement and the LSA Third Amendment, in excess of 19.99 of the Company s outstanding shares of common
stock, in accordance with the requirements of Section 713(a) of the NYSE American Company Guide. Stockholder approval of the foregoing
was obtained on March 4, 2021. As the stock price was 1.31 on March 4, 2021, the Company recorded a discount of 186,000 relating to
the difference in stock price due to the beneficial conversion feature. 

34 

The obligations of the Company
under the Subordinated Loan Agreement are guaranteed by Drake and are secured by substantially all of the Company s and Drake s
assets. The Subordinated Loan Agreement has a maturity date three years from the date of closing, at which time the accreted principal
balance of the loan (by virtue of the PIK Interest) plus any other accrued unpaid interest, would be due and payable in full. In connection
with the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Company, Drake, the Lenders and MidCap entered into a Subordination Agreement (the Subordination
Agreement ), pursuant to which the rights of the Lenders under the Subordinated Loan Agreement were subordinated to the rights
of MidCap under the MidCap Agreement and related security documents. The Subordination Agreement precludes the Company from making cash
payments of interest in lieu of PIK Interest, in the absence of the prior written consent of MidCap or unless the Company is able to meet
certain predefined conditions precedent to the making of any such payments of interest (or principal), as more fully described in the
Subordination Agreement. 

On March 15, 2021, one of
the Tranche C Parties submitted an irrevocable notice of conversion under the Tranche C Loans. As a result, 100,000 of original principal
and 1,000 of PIK interest outstanding under the Tranche C Loans were converted into 100,987 shares of Company common stock in partial
satisfaction of the indebtedness to that Tranche C Party. 

On April 6, 2021, the same
Tranche C Party submitted an irrevocable notice of conversion under the Tranche C Loans. As a result, 50,000 of original principal and
 1,000 of PIK interest outstanding under the Tranche C Loans were converted into 51,260 shares of Company common stock in partial satisfaction
of the indebtedness to that Tranche C Party. 

On May 24, 2021, the same
Tranche C Party submitted an irrevocable notice of conversion under the Tranche C Loans. As a result, 50,000 of original principal and
 2,000 of PIK interest outstanding under the Tranche C Loans were converted into 52,277 shares of Company common stock in complete satisfaction
of their indebtedness. 

On January 21, 2022, one of
the Tranche A Parties submitted an irrevocable notice of conversion under the Tranche A Loans. As a result, 50,000 of original principal
and 12,000 of PIK interest outstanding under the Tranche A Loans were converted into 104,399 shares of Company common stock in complete
satisfaction of their indebtedness. 

On August 16, 2021, the Company
entered into a Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with Roth Capital Partners, LLC (the Agent ).
In accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement, the Company may offer and sell from time to time through the Agent shares of the
Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, having an aggregate offering price of up to 400,000. From August 16, 2021 through
September 30, 2021, the Company sold an aggregate of 38,388 shares under the Sales Agreement at prices ranging from 1.1053 to 1.1390
per share, for aggregate proceeds, net of sales commissions, of approximately 41,000. 

On August 23, 2021, the Company
entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor providing for the
sale by the Company to the investor of 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of 1.08 per share, resulting
in aggregate proceeds to the Company of 216,000. The shares were offered and sold pursuant to the Company s effective shelf registration
statement on Form S-3. The Company s sale of the Shares pursuant to the Purchase Agreement will have the effect of reducing the
amount of shares that may be sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement from 400,000 to 184,000. Taking into account sales of common stock
pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement and sales of common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement to date, the amount available to be
sold under the Sales Agreement is currently 143,000. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company accrued payroll tax credits of 1,804,000 through the Employee Retention Tax Credit program ERTC ).
The amount was recorded as other income and included in prepaid and other current assets as of the applicable quarter end date. The Company
received 577,000 of the first quarter of 2021 ERTC in April, 115,000 towards Q2 in July, 181,000 towards Q3 in August, 219,000 towards
Q3 in October and 195,000 towards Q3 in November. The ERTC was initially established as part of the CARES Act of 2020 and subsequently
amended by the Consolidated Appropriation Act CAA of 2021 and the American Rescue Plan Act ARPA of 2021. The CAA and ARPA amendments to the ERTC program provide eligible employers with a tax credit in an amount equal to 70 of qualified
wages (including certain health care expenses) that eligible employers pay their employees after January 1, 2021 through September 30,
2021. The maximum amount of qualified wages taken into account with respect to each employee for each calendar quarter is 10,000, so
that the maximum credit that an eligible employer may claim for qualified wages paid to any employee is 7,000 per quarter. For purposes
of the amended ERTC, an eligible employer is defined as having experienced a significant (20 or more) decline in gross receipts during
each 2021 calendar quarter when compared with the same quarter in 2019. The credit is taken against the Company s share of Social
Security Tax when the Company s payroll provider files the applicable quarterly tax filings on Form 941. At December 31, 2021, the
Company is still owed 517,000 in ERTC funds of which the Company received 217,000 in the second and third quarters of 2022. At December
31, 2022 the Company is still owed 299,000 in ERTC funds. 

35 

In other efforts to alleviate
the liquidity pressures and reposition the Company to generate positive cash flow at a lower level of net sales, since August 2019, the
Company has implemented a multi-phase cost-reduction program which reduced cash expenses since 2019, providing annual savings of approximately
 3,475,000 per year. Although the Company believes it has made and will continue to make progress under these programs and the funding
provided under the Subordinated Loan Agreement and available as a result of the release of the availability block under the MidCap Facility,
the Company operates in a rapidly evolving and often unpredictable business environment that may change the timing or amount of expected
future cash receipts and expenditures. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that our planned improvements will be successful. 

In addition, the COVID-19
outbreak has affected the supply chain for many types of products and materials, particularly those being manufactured in China and other
countries where the outbreak has resulted in significant disruptions to ongoing business activities. Beginning in the second quarter of
2021 and continuing into the first quarter of 2023, we experienced a material disruption in our supply chain as it relates to the procurement
of certain sole source and other multiple source components utilized in a material portion of several product lines. We believe this disruption
may continue beyond 2023. If these or any similar types of supply disruptions continue, it is possible that we will be unable to complete
sales of any affected products to our customers on requested schedules. 

The Company has reacted to
these unprecedented circumstances, as many enterprises have had to do over the course of the pandemic, with a range of actions designed
to compensate for anticipated temporary revenue shortfalls, manage the Company s working capital and minimize the overall financial
impact of this disruption, including implementation of exceptional short-term operating expense reductions, such as temporary manufacturing
shut-downs and employee furloughs. 

The Company expects to use
cash generated from operations to meet its long-term debt obligations. The Company also expects to make financed and unfinanced long-term
capital expenditures from time to time in the ordinary course of business, which capital expenditures were 48,000 and 31,000 in the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company expects to use cash generated from operations, amounts available under
the MidCap Facility, amounts available under the Subordinated Loan Facility, and purchase-money financing to meet any anticipated long-term
capital expenditures. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The Company prepares its financial
statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Preparing financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The following paragraphs include a discussion of some critical areas where
estimates are required. You should also review Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial
Statements for further discussion of significant accounting policies. 

Inventory and Obsolescence 

Inventories are stated at
the lower of cost, determined by the first-in, first-out FIFO method, or net realizable value. 

The Company periodically analyzes
anticipated product sales based on historical results, current backlog and marketing plans. Based on these analyses, the Company anticipates
that certain products will not be sold during the next twelve months. Inventories that are not anticipated to be sold in the next twelve
months, have been classified as non-current. 

The Company continually analyzes
its slow-moving and excess inventories. Based on historical and projected sales volumes and anticipated selling prices, the Company establishes
reserves. Inventory that is in excess of current and projected use is reduced by an allowance to a level that approximates its estimate
of future demand. Products that are determined to be obsolete are written down to net realizable value. 

36 

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts 

Accounts receivable are customer
obligations due under normal trade terms. The Company sells its products primarily to distributors and private cable operators. The Company
performs continuing credit evaluations of its customers financial condition and although the Company generally does not require
collateral, letters of credit may be required from its customers in certain circumstances. 

Senior management reviews
accounts receivable on a monthly basis to determine if any receivables will potentially be uncollectible. The Company includes any accounts
receivable balances that are determined to be uncollectible, along with a general reserve based on historical experience, in its overall
allowance for doubtful accounts. 

Long-Lived Assets 

The Company continually monitors
events and changes in circumstances that could indicate carrying amounts of the long-lived assets, including intangible assets may not
be recoverable. When such events or changes in circumstances occur, the Company assesses recoverability by determining whether the carrying
value of such assets will be recovered through the undiscounted expected future cash flows. If the future undiscounted cash flows are
less than the carrying amount of these assets, an impairment loss is recognized based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair
value of the assets. The Company did not recognize any intangible asset impairment charges in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets 

The Company accounts for income
taxes under the provisions of the FASB ASC Topic 740 Income Taxes . Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary differences
in the recognition of certain income and expenses for financial and tax reporting purposes. Valuation allowances are established when
necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 1 - Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable to smaller
reporting companies. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Incorporated by reference
from the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of the Company, which are attached hereto beginning on page F-1. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

37 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company maintains a system
of disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the Company s
reports filed or submitted pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that
such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company carried out an evaluation, under
the supervision and with the participation of management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of
the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on this evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were effective at December 31, 2022. 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The management of the Company
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

All internal control systems,
no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable
assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

The Company s management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
it used the 2013 criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework. Based on this assessment the Company believes that, as of December 31, 2022 the Company s internal control over financial
reporting is effective based on those criteria. 

This annual report does not
include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission for Smaller Reporting Companies that permit the Company to provide only management s report
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

During the quarter ended December
31, 2022, there have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Not applicable. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

38 

PART III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information relating to our
Board of Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance required by this item is incorporated by reference to our 2023 proxy
statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end (December 31, 2022) and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Information about director
and executive officer compensation is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the headings Directors Compensation 
and Executive Compensation in the Company s proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to
be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end (December 31, 2022). 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Information about security
ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Company s proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders,
 to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end (December 31, 2022) . 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Information about certain
relationships and transactions with related parties is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions in the Company s proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Information
about the independence of each director or nominee for director of the Company during 2022 is incorporated by reference from the discussion
under the heading Corporate Governance and Board Matters in the Company s proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end (December 31, 2022) . 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Information about procedures
related to the engagement of the independent registered public accountants and fees and services paid to the independent registered public
accountants is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the headings Audit and Other Fees Paid to Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm and Pre-Approval Policy for Services by Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the
Company s proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

39 

PART IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. 688) 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

(a)(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules. 

All schedules for which provision
is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the applicable instructions
or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted. 

(a)(3) 
 Exhibits. 

The exhibits are listed in
the Index to Exhibits appearing below and are filed herewith or are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

(b) 
 Index to Exhibits: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 
 
 3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant s S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-98070, originally filed October 12, 1995, as amended. 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 23, 2018. 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 20, 2018. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen of stock certificate. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-98070, filed October 12, 1995, as amended. 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

40 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Purchaser Common Stock Purchase Warrant. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 16, 2020. 

4.4 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Common Stock Purchase Warrant. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 16, 2020. 

4.5 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Contingent Common Stock Purchase Warrant. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 16, 2020. 

4.6 
 
 Warrant to VFT Special Ventures, Ltd. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed January 14, 2021. 

4.7 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Common Stock Purchase Warrant. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 1, 2021. 

10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. in favor of each of its Directors and Officers. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 14, 2013. 

10.2 
 
 Bargaining Unit Pension Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.9 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2013, filed March 31, 2014. 

10.3 
 
 Executive Officer Bonus Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 1997, filed May 13, 1997. 

10.4 
 
 Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. 2005 Employee Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Appendix A to Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, filed April 21, 2014. 

10.5 
 
 Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. 2005 Director Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Appendix B to Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, filed April 21, 2014. 

10.6 
 
 Form of Option Agreement under the 2005 Employee Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2005, filed August 15, 2005. 

10.7 
 
 Form of Option Agreement under the 2005 Director Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.24 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2007, filed March 31, 2008. 

41 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Option Agreement under the 2005 Employee Equity Incentive Plan, as amended November 3, 2010. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.18 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2010, filed March 21, 2011. 

10.9 
 
 Form of Option Agreement under the 2005 Director Equity Incentive Plan, as amended November 3, 2010. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.19 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2010, filed March 21, 2011. 

10.10 
 
 Form of Option Agreement under the 2005 Employee Equity Incentive Plan, as amended May 18, 2011. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 20, 2011. 

10.11 
 
 Form of Option Agreement under the 2005 Director Equity Incentive Plan, as amended May 18, 2011. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 20, 2011. 

10.12 
 
 Form of Option Agreement under the 2005 Employee Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2014, filed August 14, 2014. 

10.13 
 
 Form of Option Agreement under the 2005 Director Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2014, filed August 14, 2014. 

10.14 
 
 Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. Executive Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 20, 2014. 

10.15 
 
 Director Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 23, 2015. 

10.16 
 
 Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. 2016 Employee Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed August 25, 2016. 

10.17 
 
 Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. 2016 Director Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.4 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed August 25, 2016. 

10.18 
 
 Agreement of Sale dated August 3, 2018 between Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. and Jake Brown Rd LLC. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 6, 2018. 

10.19 
 
 Letter Agreement between Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. and Ronald V. Alterio. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2018, filed November 14, 2018. 

10.20 
 
 Sale Agreement Extension dated as of September 20, 2018, between Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. and Jake Brown Rd LLC. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 21, 2018. 

42 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 
 
 10.21 
 
 Second Amendment to Agreement of Sale dated October 8, 2018. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s amended Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 9, 2018. 

10.22 
 
 Letter Agreement between Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. and Edward R. Grauch. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 30, 2018. 

10.23 
 
 Third Amendment to Agreement of Sale dated January 30, 2019. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 31, 2019. 

10.24 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement dated as of October 25, 2019 by and between MidCap Business Credit LLC, Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc., R. L. Drake Holdings, LLC and Blonder Tongue Far East, LLC. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 30, 2019. 

10.25 
 
 Form of Revolving Note. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 30, 2019. 

10.26 
 
 Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of October 25, 2019 by and between Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. and MidCap Business Credit LLC. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 30, 2019. 

10.27 
 
 Patent and Trademark Security Agreement dated as of October 25, 2019 by and between Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc., R. L. Drake Holdings, LLC and MidCap Business Credit LLC. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 30, 2019. 

10.28 
 
 Continuing Guaranty dated as of October 25, 2019 of Blonder Tongue Far East, LLC and R. L. Drake Holdings, LLC, as Guarantors, in favor of MidCap Business Credit LLC. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 30, 2019. 

10.29 
 
 Deferred Compensation Agreement dated as of December 29, 2019 between Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. and Edward R. Grauch. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 6, 2020. 

10.30 
 
 Senior Subordinated Convertible Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April 8, 2020 by and between Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc., the parties identified therein as Lenders and the party identified therein as Agent. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 9, 2020. 

10.31 
 
 Consent and Amendment to Loan Agreement and Loan Documents dated as of April 8, 2020 by and among MidCap Business Credit LLC, Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc., R. L. Drake Holdings, LLC, and Blonder Tongue Far East, LLC. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 9, 2020. 

43 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 
 
 10.32 
 
 Subordination Agreement dated as of April 8, 2020 by and between MidCap Business Credit LLC, the party identified therein as the Junior Creditor, Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc., R. L. Drake Holdings, LLC, and Blonder Tongue Far East, LLC. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 9, 2020. 

10.33 
 
 Continuing Guaranty of R. L. Drake Holdings, LLC, dated as of April 8, 2020, in favor of the parties identified therein as Lenders and the party identified therein as Agent. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 9, 2020. 

10.34 
 
 Patent and Trademark Security Agreement dated as of April 8, 2020 by and between Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc., R. L. Drake Holdings, LLC, and party identified therein as Agent. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 9, 2020. 

10.35 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Executive Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 9, 2020. 

10.36 
 
 First Amendment to Senior Subordinated Convertible Loan and Security Agreement and Joinder, dated as of April 24, 2020 by and between Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc., the parties identified therein as Lenders and the party identified therein as Agent. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 27, 2020. 

10.37 
 
 Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement for certain Executive Officers. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 19, 2020. 

10.38 
 
 Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement for certain Executive Officers. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 4, 2020. 

10.39 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Executive Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 14, 2020. 

10.40 
 
 Amendment No. 1 Second Amended and Restated Executive Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 14, 2020. 

10.41 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Director Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2020, filed November 12, 2020. 

10.42 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Third Amended and Restated Director Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2020, filed November 12, 2020. 

10.43 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to 2016 Director Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2020, filed November 12, 2020. 

10.44 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to 2016 Employee Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.7 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2020, filed November 12, 2020. 

44 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 
 
 10.45 
 
 Second Amendment to Senior Subordinated Convertible Loan and Security Agreement and Joinder, dated as of December 28, 2020 by and between Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc., the parties identified therein as Lenders and the party identified therein as Agent. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 29, 2020. 

10.46 
 
 Deferred Compensation Agreement, Dated as of December 30, 2020. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 30, 2020. 

10.47 
 
 Second Amendment to Loan Agreement, Dated as of January 8, 2021. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 11, 2021. 

10.48 
 
 Third Amendment to Senior Subordinated Convertible Loan and Security Agreement and Joinder, dated as of January 28, 2021 by and between Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc., the parties identified therein as Lenders and the party identified therein as Agent. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 1, 2021. 

10.49 
 
 Omnibus Amendment to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreements. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 11, 2021. 

10.50 
 
 Third Amendment to Loan Agreement, effective as of June 14, 2021. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 15, 2021. 

10.51 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated July 30, 2021. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 2, 2021. 

10.52 
 
 Sales Agreement dated August 16, 2021, between Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. and Roth Capital Partners, LLC. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 16, 2021. 

10.53 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of August 23, 2021, between Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. and Cavalry Fund I LP. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 23, 2021. 

10.54 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated August 26, 2021. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 30, 2021. 

10.55 
 
 Promissory Note dated August 24, 2021. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 30, 2021. 

45 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 

10.56 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of November 15, 2021 between Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. and Cavalry Fund I LP. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 11, 2021. 

10.57 
 
 Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 14, 2021. 

10.58 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated December 16, 2021. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 17, 2021. 

10.59 
 
 Seventh Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated February 11, 2022 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 15, 2022. 

10.60 
 
 Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated March 3, 2022 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 4, 2022. 

10.61 
 
 Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated April 5, 2022 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 8, 2022. 

10.62 
 
 Tenth Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated May 5, 2022 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 5, 2022. 

10.63 
 
 Eleventh Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated June 14, 2022 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 15, 2022. 

10.64 
 
 Twelfth Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated July 1, 2022 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 6, 2022. 

10.65 
 
 Thirteenth Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated October 25, 2022 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 31, 2022. 

10.66 
 
 Fourteenth Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated October 28, 2022. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 3, 2022. 

46 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries of Blonder Tongue 
 
 Filed herewith. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

31.1 
 
 Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith. 

31.2 
 
 Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith. 

32.1 
 
 Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Furnished herewith. 

32.2 
 
 Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File--the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

Indicates management contracts
or compensation plans or arrangements. 

Certain confidential information
contained in this exhibit, market by brackets, has been omitted because the information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively
harmful if disclosed. 

(c) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

All schedules for which provision
is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the applicable instructions
or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

47 

BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Blonder Tongue Laboratories Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. (the Company and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a working
capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these
matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. 

April 17, 2023 

F- 2 

BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(In thousands, except per
share data) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Inventories 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

License agreements, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Right of use assets, net 

Other assets, net 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Line of credit 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Current portion of lease liability 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued benefit pension liability 

Income taxes payable 

Other accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Subordinated convertible debt with related parties 

Lease liability, net of current portion 

Long-term debt, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 -
 
 -

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares; no shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value; authorized shares, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 3 

BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Years ended 
December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Statements of Operations 

Net sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Loss from operations 

Gain on debt forgiveness 
 -

Other income 
 -

Interest expense, net 

Earnings (loss) before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 -

Net earnings (loss) 

Net earnings (loss) per share, basic 

Net earnings (loss) per share, diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted 

Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

Net earnings (loss) 

Changes in accumulated unrealized pension losses, net of taxes 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4 

BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

(In thousands) 

Accumulated 

Other 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Total 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2021 

Net earnings 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Recognized pension loss, net of taxes 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of stock, net of offering costs 

-
 
 -

Exercised stock options 
 
 - 
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised stock warrants 
 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock awards for directors fees and employee compensation 
 
 -

-
 
 -

Subordinated convertible debt discount 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Conversion of subordinated convertible debt 
 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock-based Compensation 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Recognized pension Loss, net of taxes 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Stock awards for directors fees and employee compensation 
 
 -

-
 
 -

Conversion of subordinated convertible debt 
 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock-based Compensation 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(In thousands) 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net earnings (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss) to cash used in operating activities: 

Gain on debt forgiveness 
 -

Loss on disposal of right of use assets 
 -

Depreciation 

Amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 

(Recovery) provision for doubtful accounts 

Provision for inventory reserves 
 
 -

Fair value adjustment for stock awards 

Non cash pension expense 

Amortization of loan fees 

Amortization of subordinated debt discount 

Non cash interest expense 

Amortization of right to use assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Lease liability 

Other assets 

Income taxes payable 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and accrued compensation 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Capital expenditures 

Acquisition of licenses 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Net borrowings on line of credit 

Repayments of debt 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 -

Proceeds from exercise of stock warrants 
 -

Payments on promissory notes 
 
 -

Borrowings of subordinated convertible debt 
 -

Proceeds of stock offering, net of offering costs 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 
 -

Non cash investing and financing activities: 

Capital expenditures financed by notes payable 
 -

Stock paid to officers and directors in lieu of cash 

Conversion of subordinated convertible debt to common stock 

Right of use assets obtained by lease obligations 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements 

F- 6 

to 5 years for office equipment, to years for furniture and fixtures, years for building improvements
and to 10 years for machinery and equipment. 

F- 7 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company amortizes license fees over the life of the
relevant contract. 

Accumulated amortization 

to years. Amortization expense for license fees was
 and in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense for license fees is projected to be approximately
 in the year ending December 31, 2023. 

F- 8 

F- 9 

Effect of dilutive securities 

Convertible debt 

Warrants 
 - 

Options 
 - 

Diluted EPS 

Warrants 
 
 -

Convertible debt 
 
 -

F- 10 

outstanding under the MidCap Facility (as defined
in Note 6 below) and of additional availability for borrowing under the MidCap Facility. 

F- 11 

NXG IP video signal processing products 

DOCSIS data products 

Coax distribution products 

Digital modulation products 

Analog modulation products 

Service agreements and design 

Fiber optic products 

CPE products 

Other 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 12 

Furniture and fixtures 

Office equipment 

Building improvements 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

and during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

-

Proprietary technology 

-

Amortized intangible assets 

-

Non-Amortized Trade name 
 
 -

Total 

Proprietary technology 

Amortized intangible assets 

Non-Amortized Trade name 
 
 -

Total 

for customer relationships and for proprietary technology.
Amortization expense for intangible assets was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Intangible asset
amortization is projected to be 0 in 2023. 

F- 13 

revolving line of credit (the MidCap Facility ).
The MidCap Facility matures following the third anniversary of the Loan Agreement. Interest on the amounts outstanding under the Loan
Agreement is variable, based upon the three-month LIBOR rate plus a margin of at December 31, 2022), subject to re-set each
month. All outstanding indebtedness under the Loan Agreement is secured by all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. 

, with the minimum availability to be reduced to upon the deliverance
of an inventory appraisal satisfactory to MidCap, which occurred during the fourth quarter 2019. 

The operative provisions relating to the removal of the availability
block under the MidCap First Amendment became effective on April 8, 2020, following the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated by the Subordinated Loan Facility (See Note 6). 

, (ii) defer the monthly incremental increase to the
existing availability block and (iii) modify the Loan Agreement's definition of Minimum EBITDA Covenant Trigger Event. The
Fifth Amendment amends the definition, retroactive to and as of August 1, 

F- 14 

. MidCap's agreement to enter into the Ninth Amendment was conditioned, in
part, on the entry into a participation agreement between MidCap and Robert J. Pall , a Director, and an affiliate of Mr. Pall 
(the Pall Parties ). The terms of the Ninth Amendment and the participation agreement contemplate that any
advances made by Midcap pursuant to the 2022 Over-Advance Facility would be funded by the Pall Parties under the participation
agreement. Advances under the 2022 Over-Advance Facility are subject to the discretion of MidCap and the Pall Parties. On April
5, 2022, pursuant to the 2022 Over-Advance Facility and the participation agreement, the Pall Parties funded an initial advance
of that was provided to the Company. Since April 5, 2022, a total of was made by Midcap to the Company, which was funded by
the Pall Parties. Further advances may be made to the Company upon its request, subject to the discretion of MidCap and the Pall 
Parties, in minimum amounts of not less than per tranche, unless a lesser amount is agreed to by the parties. The amount advanced
in each tranche will bear an interest rate of per month. 

and also includes certain additional non-substantive changes. 

F- 15 

Less: Current portion 

in
2023, in 2024, in 2025 and in 2026. 

of loans to the Company (the Subordinated Loan Facility ). Interest accrues
on the outstanding amounts advanced under the Subordinated Loan Facility at the rate of per annum, compounded and payable monthly,
in-kind, by the automatic increase of the principal amount of the loan on each monthly interest payment date, by the amount of the accrued
interest payable at that time PIK Interest provided, however, that at the option of the Company, it may pay interest
in cash on any interest payment date, in lieu of PIK Interest. 

The conversion right was subject to stockholder
approval as required by the rules of the NYSE American, which was obtained on June 11, 2020. 

of additional loans under the Subordinated Loan Facility as a Tranche B term loan established
under the Subordinated Loan Agreement, with such loans being provided by the Additional Lenders. The Amendment also sets the conversion
price of (the Tranche B Conversion Price with respect to the right of the Additional Lenders to convert the
accreted principal balance of the loans held by each of them into shares of the Company s common stock. The terms and conditions
of the conversion rights applicable to the Initial Lenders and the Additional Lenders are otherwise identical in all material respects,
including the terms restricting conversion to an aggregate amount of shares of common stock that would not result in the Company s
non-compliance with NYSE American rules requiring stockholder approval of issuances or potential issuances of shares in excess of the
percentage limits specified therein or in an amount that may be deemed to constitute a change of control under such rules. These restrictions
were eliminated when the requisite stockholder approval was obtained on June 11, 2020. 

F- 16 

of original principal and of PIK interest outstanding under the Tranche B Term Loan were converted into shares of Company common
stock in full satisfaction of their indebtedness. 

to and the Tranche C Parties agreed to provide the Company
with a commitment for a term loan facility, all of which was advanced to the Company on January 29, 2021 (the Tranche C
Loans ). As is the case with the loans provided by the Tranche A Parties and Tranche B Parties, interest on the Tranche C Loans
accrues at per annum and is payable monthly in-kind, by the automatic increase of the principal amount of the loans on each monthly
interest payment date, by the amount of the accrued interest payable at that time. The Company, at its option, may pay any interest due
on the Tranche C Loans in cash on any interest payment date in lieu of PIK Interest. The Tranche C Parties also have the option, following
the stockholder approval described in the next sentence, of converting the accreted principal balance of the Tranche C Loans attributable
to each of them into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of . The conversion rights are subject to the
terms and conditions applicable to the Tranche C Parties restricting conversion of the Tranche C Loans to an aggregate amount of shares
of common stock that would not result in the Company s non-compliance with NYSE American rules requiring stockholder approval of
issuances or potential issuances of shares in excess of the percentage limits specified therein. These restrictions were eliminated when
the requisite stockholder approval was obtained on March 4, 2021. As the stock price was on March 4, 2021, the Company recorded
a discount of relating to the difference in stock price due to the beneficial conversion feature. The Company issued warrants
at an exercise price of to a placement agent in connection with the Tranche C Loans. The warrants have a five -year term from January
28, 2021. 

of original principal
and of PIK interest outstanding under the Tranche C Loans were converted into shares of Company common stock in partial satisfaction
of their indebtedness. 

of original principal and 
of PIK interest outstanding under the Tranche C Loans were converted into shares of Company common stock in partial satisfaction of
their indebtedness. 

of original principal and 
of PIK interest outstanding under the Tranche C Loans were converted into shares of Company common stock in complete satisfaction of
their indebtedness. 

of original principal
and of PIK interest outstanding under the Tranche A Loans were converted into shares of Company common stock in complete satisfaction
of their indebtedness. 

and of PIK Interest with respect to the Subordinated Loan Facility during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company recorded and of interest expense related to the amortization of the
debt discount during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

F- 17 

Financing lease cost 

Total 

Weighted average remaining lease term 

Weighted average discount rate-operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

Less: present value discount 

Total operating lease liabilities 

F- 18 

and , for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

in 2022 and in 2021, respectively. 

and ), respectively, and is recorded in current liabilities. 

and , respectively for legal services provided by this firm. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed and , respectively to this firm. In May of 2022, the Company stopped using the legal services
of this firm. 

and of the Company s outstanding trade accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers financial condition, uses credit insurance and requires collateral,
such as letters of credit, to mitigate its credit risk. The deterioration of the financial condition of one or more of its major customers
could adversely impact the Company s operations. From time to time where the Company determines that circumstances warrant, such
as when a customer agrees to commit to a large blanket purchase order, the Company extends payment terms beyond its standard payment terms. 

Customer B 

Customer C 

F- 19 

-

Customer B 

Customer C 

Customer E 
 
 -

Vendor B 

Vendor C 
 
 -

Vendor B 
 
 -

Vendor D 
 -

of its outstanding common stock (the 2002 Program ). The
stock repurchase was funded by a combination of the Company s cash on hand and borrowings against its revolving line of credit.
On February 13, 2007, the Company announced a new stock repurchase program to acquire up to an additional shares of its outstanding
common stock (the 2007 Program ). As of December 31, 2022, the Company can purchase up to of its common stock
under the 2002 Program and up to shares of its common stock under the 2007 Program. The Company may, in its discretion, continue making
purchases under the 2002 Program up to its limits, and thereafter to make purchases under the 2007 Program. During 2022 and 2021, the
Company did not purchase any of its common stock under the 2002 Program or 2007 Program. 

F- 20 

shares. The shares will
be purchased directly from the Company at the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of purchase (based on
selling prices reported on NYSE American), which is the payroll date when the salary is withheld. As of December 31, 2022, approximately
 shares were purchased under the ESPP. 

shares. The shares will be purchased directly from
the Company at the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of purchase (based on selling prices reported on
NYSE American), which is the check date when the fees would normally be paid. As of December 31, 2022, approximately shares were purchased
under the DSPP. 

shares of preferred stock with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time
to time by the Board of Directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no outstanding preferred shares. 

of the amount of such financings,
for a period of 24 months following the closing of the private placement. The Purchase Agreement also required the Company to register
the resale of the Shares and the Purchaser Warrant Shares pursuant to the terms of a Registration Rights Agreement between the Company
and the Purchasers, dated as of December 14, 2020, as described further below. The Company filed a registration statement with the SEC
on January 14, 2021 to register the resale of the Shares and the Purchaser Warrant Shares, which registration statement was declared effective
by the SEC on January 21, 2021. 

of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock, in accordance with the requirements
of Section 713(a) of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE American Company Guide. Stockholder approval was obtained
on March 4, 2021. 

per share, are exercisable beginning on December 15, 2020, and have a term of three years. The exercise price
and the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of each Purchaser Warrant is subject to appropriate adjustments in the
event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the
common stock. The fair value of the Purchaser Warrants is . 

F- 21 

per share, a term of from December 14, 2020, and became exercisable upon the Company obtaining
the stockholder approval described above. The exercise price and the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of each Placement
Agent Warrant is subject to appropriate adjustments in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations,
reclassifications or similar events affecting the common stock. The Placement Agent Warrants also provide the holders with certain piggyback 
registration rights, permitting the holders to request that the Company include the Placement Agent Warrant Shares for sale in certain
registration statements filed by the Company. The fair value of the Placement Agent Warrants is . During June and July 2021, the Company
received approximately as the result of the exercise of certain Placement Agent Warrants, and the Company issued shares of common
stock upon exercise. 

per share, a term of from December 14, 2020, and become exercisable if, and to the
extent, holders of the Purchaser Warrants exercise such Purchaser Warrants. In no event, however, will the Placement Agent Contingent
Warrants become exercisable unless and until Stockholder Approval has been obtained. The exercise price and the number of shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of each Placement Agent Contingent Warrant is subject to appropriate adjustments in the event of certain
stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the common stock. The
Placement Agent Contingent Warrants also provide the holders with certain piggyback registration rights, permitting the
holders to request that the Company include the Placement Agent Contingent Warrant Shares for sale in certain registration statements
filed by the Company. The fair value of the Placement Agent Contingent Warrants is . 

. From August 16, 2021 through December 31, 2021, the Company
sold an aggregate of shares under the Sales Agreement at prices ranging from to per share, for aggregate proceeds, net
of sales commissions, of approximately . 

shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of per share,
resulting in aggregate proceeds to the Company of . The shares were offered and sold pursuant to the Company s effective shelf
registration statement on Form S-3. 

shares of the Company s common stock, at a purchase price of per share, resulting in
aggregate proceeds to the Company of . The shares were offered and sold pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement
on Form S-3. 

shares of equity based and other
performance based awards to executive officers and other key employees of the Company. The term of the 2016 Employee Plan expires on February
4, 2026. In May 2017, the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the 2016 Employee Plan to increase the annual individual
award limits relating to stock options and stock appreciation rights from to shares of common stock. In June 2018, the stockholders
of the Company approved an amendment to the 2016 Employee Plan to increase the maximum number of equity based and other performance awards
to . The Committee determines the recipients and the terms of the awards granted under the 2016 Employee Plan, including the type
of awards, exercise price, number of shares subject to the award and the exercisability thereof. 

F- 22 

shares of equity based
and other performance based awards to executive officers and other key employees of the Company. In May 2007, the stockholders of the
Company approved an amendment to the Employee Plan to increase the maximum number of equity based and other performance awards to .
In May 2010, the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the Employee Plan to increase the maximum number of equity based
and other performance awards to . In May 2014, the stockholders of the Company approved the amendment and restatement of the Employee
Plan to extend the term of the Employee Plan to February 7, 2024 and increase the maximum number of equity based and other performance
awards to . In June 2018, the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the Employee Plan to increase the maximum number
of equity based and other performance awards to . The Committee determines the recipients and the terms of the awards granted under
the Employee Plan, including the type of awards, exercise price, number of shares subject to the award and the exercisability thereof. 

shares of equity based and other performance-based
awards to non-employee directors of the Company. The term of the 2016 Director Plan expires on February 4, 2026. The Board determines
the recipients and the terms of the awards granted under the 2016 Director Plan, including the type of awards, exercise price, number
of shares subject to the award and the exercisability thereof. 

shares of equity based and other performance-based awards
to non-employee directors of the Company. In May 2010, the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the Director Plan to increase
the maximum number of equity based and other performance awards to . In May 2014, the stockholders of the Company approved the amendment
and restatement of the Director Plan to extend the term of the Director Plan to February 7, 2024 and increase the maximum number of equity
based and other performance awards to . The Board determines the recipients and the terms of the awards granted under the Director
Plan, including the type of awards, exercise price, number of shares subject to the award and the exercisability thereof. 

Expected term 
 years 
 years 
 
 Risk free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Volatility 

Fair value of options granted 

F- 23 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Total 

2016 Director Plan 

Other 

2005 Employee Plan 

2005 Director Plan 

Stock-based awards available for grant as of December 31, 2022 

Options granted 

Options exercised 
 -
 
 -

Options forfeited 

Options expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 

shares of common stock to its employees and directors.
The fair value of these options was approximately . 

F- 24 

per share at December 31, 2022. 

. 

Warrants granted 

Warrants exercised 
 -
 
 -

Warrants forfeited 
 -
 
 -

Warrants expired 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

-year warrant to purchase shares of common stock of the Company to VFT Special Ventures, Ltd. a Delaware corporation VFT ).
The warrant was granted as partial consideration in connection with the placement fee for the Subordinated Loan Facility (see Note 7).
The warrant is exercisable at per share and vested immediately. The fair value of the warrant was . 

-year warrant to purchase 
shares of common stock of the Company to David E. Cymiak. The warrant was granted as partial consideration in connection with the placement
fee for the Subordinated Loan Facility (see Note 7). The warrant is exercisable at per share and vested immediately. The fair value
of the warrant was . 

, through the Employee Retention Tax Credit program ERTC ).
The amount was recorded as other income and included in prepaid and other current assets as of the applicable quarter end date. The Company
received of the first quarter of 2021 ERTC in April, towards Q2 in July, towards Q3 in August, towards Q3 in October
and towards Q3 in November. The ERTC was initially established as part of the CARES Act of 2020 and subsequently amended by the Consolidated
Appropriation Act CAA of 2021 and the American Rescue Plan Act ARPA of 2021. The CAA and
ARPA amendments to the ERTC program provide eligible employers with a tax credit in an amount equal to of qualified wages (including
certain health care expenses) that eligible employers pay their employees after January 1, 2021 through September 30, 2021. The maximum
amount of qualified wages taken into account with respect to each employee for each calendar quarter is , so that the maximum credit
that an eligible employer may claim for qualified wages paid to any employee is per quarter. For purposes of the amended ERTC,
an eligible employer is defined as having experienced a significant or more) decline in gross receipts during each 2021 calendar
quarter when compared with the same quarter in 2019. The credit is taken against the Company s share of Social Security Tax when
the Company s payroll provider files the applicable quarterly tax filings on Form 941. At December 31, 2022, the Company is still
owed in ERTC funds which it expects to receive during the second quarter of 2023. 

F- 25 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State and local 

Valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

State and local income taxes, net of Federal provision (benefit) 

Permanent differences: 

Other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Stock Compensation 
 
 -

Provision for income taxes 

F- 26 

Inventories 

Intangible 

Share based compensation 

Net operating loss carry forward 

Sec 174 Research Development 

Depreciation 

Pension liability 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangible 

Indefinite life intangibles 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Valuation allowance 

Net 
 -
 
 -

and of federal and state net operating loss carryovers (" NOL "),
respectively, which begin to expire in 2022. Additionally, there are federal NOL carryovers of which do not expire. 

and , respectively. 

F- 27 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 / s / Robert J. Pall 

Robert J. Pall 

Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Michael P. Censoplano 

Michael P. Censoplano 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Robert J. Pall 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Robert J. Pall 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Michael P. Censoplano 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Michael P.
 Censoplano 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer
 and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 James F. Williams 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 James F. Williams 

/s/
 Charles E. Dietz 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Charles E. Dietz 

/s/
 Gary P. Scharmett 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Gary P. Scharmett 

/s/
 Steven L. Shea 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Steven L. Shea 

/s/
 Stephen K. Necessary 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Stephen K. Necessary 

/s/
 John Burke 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 John Burke 

/s/
 Michael Hawkey 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Michael Hawkey 

48 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-2_blonder.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.2 

Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES
REGISTERED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

The following description summarizes the material
terms and provisions of our common stock, which is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(and is the only class of our securities that is registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This
summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified by reference to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as
amended to date, which have been filed with or incorporated by reference in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference
herein. 

General 

Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the
issuance of up to 50,000,000 shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The rights and preferences of the preferred
stock may be established from time to time by our board of directors. 

Voting Rights 

Except as otherwise required by law and except
as provided by the terms of any other class or series of stock, holders of common stock have the exclusive power to vote on all matters
presented to our stockholders, including the election of directors. Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote per share, and
each holder does not have cumulative voting rights. Accordingly, the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote
in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election if they so choose. All matters are decided by the vote
of a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person or by proxy and voting at any meeting of the stockholders during
which a quorum is present, except as otherwise provided in our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws or by applicable law. 

Because our certificate of incorporation permits
our board of directors to set the voting rights of preferred stock, it is possible that holders of one or more series of preferred stock
issued in the future could have voting rights that might limit the effect of the voting rights of holders of common stock. 

Dividend Rights; Liquidation Rights 

Subject to preferences that may be applicable to
any then outstanding preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably those dividends, if any, as may be declared
from time to time by the board of directors out of legally available funds. In addition, we may be party to one or more agreements, such
as loan agreements and credit facilities, that will contractually limit our ability to pay dividends. 

Because our articles of incorporation permit our
board of directors to set the dividend rights of preferred shares, it is possible that holders of one or more series of preferred shares
issued in the future could have dividend rights that differ from those of the holders of our common stock. If the holders of a class or
series of preferred stock is given dividend rights, the right of holders of preferred shares to receive dividends could have priority
over the right of holders of our common stock to receive dividends. 

We have followed and presently intend to continue
following a policy of retaining earnings, if any. We have not historically declared or paid dividends on our common stock, and we do not
expect to do so in the foreseeable future. Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of
our board of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including our earnings and financial condition, liquidity and capital requirements,
the general economic and regulatory climate, our ability to service any equity or debt obligations senior to our common stock, and other
factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. 

In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or
winding up, holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders
after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders
of any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 

Redemption, Preemptive Rights and Repurchase Provisions 

Holders of common stock have no preemptive or conversion
rights or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption, repurchase or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock.
Discretionary repurchases of our common stock may be subject to contractual prohibitions or limitations, including prohibitions or limitations
included in loan agreements and credit facilities. 

Potential Effects of Issuance of Preferred Stock 

Under the terms of our certificate of incorporation,
the board of directors is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without stockholder approval, to issue shares of preferred
stock in one or more series. Each such series of preferred stock will have such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including
voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, as shall be determined by the board
of directors. 

The purpose of authorizing the board of directors
to issue preferred stock and determine its rights and preferences is to eliminate delays associated with a stockholder vote on specific
issuances. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing desirable flexibility in connection with a variety of corporate purposes,
could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from acquiring, a majority
of our outstanding voting stock. 

The effects of issuing preferred stock could include
one or more of the following: 

decreasing the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of common stock; 

restricting dividends on the common stock; 

diluting the voting power of the common stock; 

impairing the liquidation rights of the common stock; or 

delaying, deferring or preventing changes in our control or management. 

Effect of Certain Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws and the Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 

Some provisions of Delaware law and our certificate
of incorporation and bylaws could make the following transactions more difficult: 

acquisition of us by means of a non-negotiated tender offer or similar transaction; 

a change of control by means of a proxy contest or other; or 

removal of our incumbent directors. 

It is possible that these provisions could make
it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that shareholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interest or in
our best interest, including transactions which provide for payment of a premium over the market price for our shares. 

These provisions, summarized below, are intended
to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking
to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of the increased protection of our
potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages
of discouraging these proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

2 

Provisions of Our Governing Documents . Our
articles of incorporation and bylaws include provisions that may have the effects summarized above. These provisions: 

empower our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock, the terms of which, including voting power, are set by our board of directors; 

divide our board of directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms; 

restrict the ability of stockholders to remove directors; 

prohibit action by the stockholders without a stockholder meeting; 

eliminate cumulative voting in elections of directors; 

require that shares representing at least two-thirds of the total voting power approve any amendment to or repeal of our bylaws; 

require advance notice of nominations for the election of directors and the presentation of stockholder proposals at meetings of stockholders; and 

allow the board of directors to increase or decrease the number of directors. 

Provisions of Applicable Law Delaware
Anti-Takeover Statute. We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ). This law prohibits
a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years
following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder unless: 

prior to the date of the transaction, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding those shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers and by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Section 203 defines business combination to include: 

any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; 

any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10 or more of our assets involving the interested stockholder; 

in general, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by us of any of our stock to the interested stockholder; or 

the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. 

In general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines an
 interested stockholder as an entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation
and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. 

3 

Limitation of Liability and Indemnification 

Section 145 of the DGCL allows us to indemnify
any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding,
whether civil, criminal or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person
is or was our director, officer, employee or agent, or is or was serving at our request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines
and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the
person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to our best interests, and, with respect
to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person s conduct was unlawful. Section 145 further
allows us to indemnify any such person serving in any such capacity who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in our favor, by reason of the fact that
the person is or was our director, officer, employee or agent, or is or was serving at our request as a director, officer, employee or
agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys fees)
actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted
in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to our best interests and except that no indemnification
is permitted in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to us, unless and
only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought determines that, despite
the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity
for such expenses which such court deems proper. 

Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL permits us to include
in our certificate of incorporation a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director to us or our stockholders
for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided that such provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability
of a director (i) for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve
intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL (relating to unlawful payment of dividends and
unlawful stock purchase and redemption) or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
our directors shall not be liable to Blonder Tongue or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director
except to the extent that exculpation from liabilities is not permitted under the DGCL as in effect at the time such liability is determined.
In addition, our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws each include provisions requiring us to indemnify directors and officers
to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that any person made a party or threatened
to be made a party to a threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that such person is or was a
director or officer of ours, is or was serving at our request as a director or officer of another corporation or enterprise, including
service with respect to an employee benefit plan, shall be indemnified by us against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments,
fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding to the
fullest extent authorized from time to time by the DGCL. The rights of indemnification are not exclusive of any other rights to which
those seeking indemnification may be entitled and shall continue as to a person who ceases to be a director, officer, employee or agent. 

We have obtained director and officer liability
insurance under which, subject to the limitations of such policies, coverage will be provided (a) to directors and officers against loss
arising from claims made by reason of breach of fiduciary duty or other wrongful acts as a director or officer, including claims relating
to public securities matters and (b) to us with respect to payments which we may make to our directors and officers pursuant to the indemnification
provisions summarized above or otherwise as a matter of law. 

We also have entered into indemnification agreements
with our directors and officers. The indemnification agreements provide directors and officers with further indemnification to the maximum
extent permitted by the DGCL. 

We believe that the foregoing policies and provisions
of our governing documents are necessary to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities
arising under the Securities Act may be permitted with respect to our directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing
provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

Listing 

Our common stock is listed on the OTCQB under the
symbol BDRL. 

Transfer Agent 

American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC
serves as the transfer agent and registrar for our common stock. 

4 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21>
 3
 f10k2022ex21_blonder.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF BLONDER TONGUE

Exhibit 21 

List of Subsidiaries of Blonder Tongue Laboratories,
Inc. 

1. Blonder Tongue Far East, LLC 

2. 
 R. L. Drake Holdings, LLC 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-1_blonder.htm
 CONSENT OF MARCUM LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statement of Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. and Subsidiaries on Forms S-8 (File Nos. 333-126064, 333-150755, 333-174303,
333-196370, 333-213318 and 333-228925) of our report dated April 17, 2023, which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Blonder Tongue Laboratories,
Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K of Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

 New York, NY 

 April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_blonder.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Robert J. Pall ,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Blonder
Tongue Laboratories, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly for the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of
internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data
and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert
 J. Pall 

Robert J. Pall 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_blonder.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael P. Censoplano, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Blonder
Tongue Laboratories, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly for the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of
internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data
and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 / s / Michael
 P. Censoplano 

Michael P. Censoplano 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_blonder.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report of Blonder
Tongue Laboratories, Inc (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Robert J. Pall , Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of
my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) Such
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert
 J. Pall 

Robert J. Pall 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-2_blonder.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report of Blonder
Tongue Laboratories, Inc (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Michael P. Censoplano, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my
knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) Such
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael P. Censoplano 

Michael P. Censoplano 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 bdr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 bdr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 bdr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 bdr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 bdr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

