<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1821788_0001410578-23-000668.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5391249</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>490794</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>944474</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1475197</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1044511</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1347949</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000668.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414170718
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000668
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Horizon Acquisition Corp II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001821788
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39631
		FILM NUMBER:		23821960

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		HORIZON ACQUISITION CORPORATION II
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 446-4800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		HORIZON ACQUISITION CORPORATION II
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000668.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 hzon-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol: Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022 the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price for the ordinary shares on June 30, 2022, as reported on the NYSE, was (based on the closing sales price of the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022 of 9.91). As of April 14, 2023, Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001, were issued and outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 3 PART I 5 Item 1. Business 5 Item 1A. Risk Factors 27 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 63 Item 2. Properties 63 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 63 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 63 PART II 64 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 64 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 64 Item 7. Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 64 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 73 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 73 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 73 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 74 Item 9B. Other Information 75 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 75 Part III 76 Item 10. Directors, Officers and Corporate Governance 76 Item 11. Executive Compensation 83 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 84 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 85 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 87 PART IV 88 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 88 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 CERTAIN TERMS Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), references to: Companies Act are to the Companies Act (2021 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; directors are to our current directors; equity-linked securities are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt; founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares HAC are to Horizon Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted company formed for substantially similar purposes as our company; initial shareholders refers to all of our shareholders immediately prior to the Effective Date of our initial public offering, including all of our officers and directors to the extent they hold such shares; management or our management team are to our officers and directors; ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; public warrants are to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); sponsor are to Horizon II Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of Eldridge (as defined below); warrants are to our public warrants and private placement warrants; and we, us, our or our company are to Horizon Acquisition Corporation II, a Cayman Islands exempted company. 
 Any conversion of the Class B ordinary shares will take effect as a redemption of Class B ordinary shares and an issuance of Class A ordinary shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. Any forfeiture of shares, and all references to forfeiture of shares, shall take effect as a surrender of shares for no consideration as a matter of Cayman Islands law. Any share dividend will take effect as a share capitalization as a matter of Cayman Islands law. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY This Report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: our ability to complete an initial business combination; our expectations around the performance of any prospective target business or businesses; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination with any target business or businesses; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or our financial performance following our initial public offering. 
 Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Summary of Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled Risk Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to: We have no operating history and no revenues, and public shareholders have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. Past performance by our management team and their respective affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company. Following the exercise of redemptions by public shareholders in connection with the extension of the deadline by which we must complete our initial business combination, our Sponsor holds a substantial majority of our outstanding Ordinary Shares entitled to vote on our initial business combination. As a result, we may complete our initial business combination without the support of our remaining public shareholders. Our initial shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of our initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. The substantial redemptions we had in connection with the extension of the date by which we must complete our initial business combination may make it difficult for us to find another target business if our proposed business combination with Epic fails. There is no assurance that extending the deadline for us to complete a business combination will enable us to complete a business combination. We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by September 30, 2023, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders, which may reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 
 Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period as extended, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the duration of the completion window, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. The SEC s proposed rules related to special purpose acquisition companies like us, may increase our costs and the time needed to complete a business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate the company. Because we have instructed the trustee to hold all funds in the trust account in cash, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which will reduce the dollar amount that our shareholders will receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the company. The other risks and uncertainties discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. 
 PART I Item 1. Business Overview We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination. We seek to capitalize on the multiple decades of combined investment experience of Todd Boehly, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and the members of our board of directors. Mr. Boehly has spent his career building, operating and investing in businesses, both in private and public companies in a variety of market sectors. Mr. Boehly has managed several multi-billion-dollar platforms from both an operating and investment perspective. Mr. Jason Robins has deep experience building and growing a leading gaming platform and has prior experience with a special purpose acquisition company s business combination. Business combination opportunities will be sourced from our management team s proprietary network of operating executives, investors and advisors. Our management team will employ a disciplined and highly selective process and expect to add value to a target business through add-on acquisitions, capital structure optimization and operational improvements. We believe that our management team s distinguished and long-term track record of sourcing, acquiring and building next-generation media and entertainment platforms, along with other investments and operational experience in consumer facing industries, will provide us with differentiated consumer insights and sourcing opportunities. Each of these attributes will be further supported by the expertise of our board of directors and will position us to identify, evaluate, acquire and transform a target business. Mr. Boehly is the co-founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Eldridge Industries Eldridge ), a holding company with a unique network of businesses across finance, technology, real estate and entertainment. Founded in 2015 and headquartered in Greenwich, CT, with additional offices in New York, London and Beverly Hills, Eldridge and its affiliated companies employed more than 3,000 people globally as of January 1, 2023. Eldridge owns and operates companies as well as utilizes its network and insights to make minority investments in businesses with attractive growth potential. Mr. Boehly has spent his career seeking to identify growth opportunities and create value. Under his leadership, Eldridge has achieved strong success across multiple media and entertainment and consumer-oriented businesses through a consistent focus on aligning people, capital and technology, managing in excess of 50 billion in assets as of January 1, 2023. Certain investments and industry experience of Eldridge are highlighted below. We believe that these investments, among others, provide Mr. Boehly with unique access and insights into emerging trends, participants and competitive dynamics to identify new opportunities across media, entertainment and consumer engagement. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Sports Media: Eldridge maintains investments in a diverse portfolio of various sports and media assets, including: (1) Penske Media Eldridge (PME), a joint venture between Penske Media Corporation and Eldridge, as described further below; (2) MRC, a diversified global entertainment company; (3) eSports and gaming companies, Cloud9 and Scopely; (4) Major League Baseball MLB team, the Los Angeles Dodgers, winner of seven MLB Championships; (5) The world-renowned rock band The Killers music catalog, and the songwriting catalog of Bruce Springsteen; and (6) DraftKings Inc. DraftKings, NYSE: DKNG). In April 2020, DraftKings consummated a merger with Diamond Eagle Acquisition Corp., a 400 million special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in May 2019. Penske Media Eldridge (PME), a PMC subsidiary and joint venture between Penske Media Corporation and Eldridge, owns dick clark productions, the world s largest producer and proprietor of televised live event entertainment programming; Luminate, the preeminent entertainment data and insights company; iconic brands including Variety, Rolling Stone, The Hollywood Reporter, Billboard, and Vibe; and cultural events such as SXSW and Life is Beautiful. Eldridge also holds investments in A24, producer and distributor of specialty films and television, including Moonlight, the 2017 Academy Award winner for Best Picture, the 2023 Golden Globe winning film Everything Everywhere All At Once , and Emmy-nominated television series Ramy, for Hulu and Euphoria for HBO; British production company Fulwell 73, producer of the Emmy-nominated Carpool Karaoke and Sugar23, a management and production company led by industry veteran Michael Sugar. Technology / Financial Technology: Eldridge has made several investments into technology companies that create efficiencies and provide consumer value. PayActiv, for example, provides liquidity to over three million low-income and hourly workers by providing instant access to earned but unpaid wages and tips between payrolls, while providing employers with a powerful employee benefit to retain and motivate employees without impacting the company s cash flows. Eldridge has also invested in CAIS, the leading alternative investment platform for financial advisors, Stash, a personal finance application that makes investing easy and affordable, and Fevo, a social buying distribution platform that allows individuals to invite their friends to join them at their favorite life events. When appropriate, Eldridge seeks opportunities for partnership and collaboration between technology solutions and existing core operating businesses to create beneficial outcomes. Insurance: Eldridge owns several insurance platforms, including Security Benefit, a 131-year old life insurance company which has grown to more than 50 billion in assets under Eldridge s ownership and offers a variety of annuity and mutual fund products, Zinnia, an end-to-end insurance software provider that has over 100 billion in assets under administration and 2 million active policies on behalf of its 40+ clients, and Everly, the first direct-to-consumer universal life insurance company whose offerings protect clients and their loved ones throughout the entire life insurance cycle, and helps grow clients portfolios through tax deferred benefits. Real Estate: Eldridge helped found Cain International, a majority owned real estate investment firm, in 2014. Cain International has deployed nearly 14 billion in capital specializing in transformational projects across the U.S. and Europe. Representative investments include facilitating the development of Aman New York in the Crown Building in Manhattan; the, landmark hotel The Beverly Hilton; 830 Brickell, Una Residences, and Missoni Baia in Miami; and Swingers Crazy Golf, an immersive, multi-sensory experience in London, New York, and Washington, D.C.. In 2019, Eldridge led a 300 million strategic investment in Kennedy-Wilson (NYSE: KW), a global real estate investment company. Credit: Eldridge has created and grown several differentiated credit platforms, including Stonebriar Commercial Finance, a large-ticket commercial finance and leasing company and the largest private independent equipment lessor in the U.S.; Maranon Capital, a middle-market investment manager; and Essential Properties Realty Trust, Inc. Essential Properties, NYSE: EPRT), a portfolio of triple-net leases that completed its 455 million initial public offering in 2018. Eldridge subsequently exited its investment in Essential Properties as part of an underwritten secondary offering completed in July 2019. In addition to his role as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Eldridge, Mr. Boehly is Chairman of Chelsea Football club and an owner of the Los Angeles Dodgers, the Los Angeles Lakers, and the Los Angeles Sparks. Prior to founding Eldridge, Mr. Boehly was President of Guggenheim Partners, a global investment and advisory financial services firm. During his time at Guggenheim, assets under management grew from approximately 14 billion in 2002 to approximately 150 billion in 2015. Mr. Boehly s career and network have spanned multiple industries and ecosystems and we believe that his long-standing track record in identifying differentiated ideas and unlocking value will deliver access to a broad spectrum of potential acquisition opportunities. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Jason Robins is the chief executive officer, chairman and co-Founder, of DraftKings which was established in 2011. Mr. Robins oversees the company s strategy and operations, while also driving funding and partnerships. Mr. Robins has built a reputation for expanding DraftKings growth across numerous platforms through wide-ranging, forward-thinking partnerships. Under his leadership, DraftKings became the first daily fantasy sports company to partner with Major League Baseball in 2013. Mr. Robins led efforts at DraftKings to work with policy makers and regulators to pass fantasy sports, sports betting and iGaming legislation. Mr. Robins attended Duke University, where he received his B.S. in Economics and Computer Science. Ms. Cindy Holland has over 25 years of executive and senior leadership experience in the media and film industries. She most recently served as Vice President, Original Content for Netflix, Inc. Netflix ). She joined Netflix in 2002 as the Director and Vice President of Content Acquisition. Previously, Ms. Holland served as Vice President of Business Development for Kozmo.com, an ecommerce company, and oversaw development, production and related agreements for feature films at Mutual Film Company and Baltimore/Spring Creek Productions. Mr. Zachary Warren was most recently Senior Managing Director and Portfolio Manager at Guggenheim Partners where he ran the firm s private debt investing activities and served on the Corporate Credit Investment Committee. As part of the Committee, Mr. Warren led the firm s investment activities in high yield bonds, leveraged loans, and private debt Mr. Warren was at Guggenheim from 2004 to 2021. Prior to Guggenheim, Mr. Warren was a Vice President at Bear Sterns in equity research from 1996 to 2000. Mr. Warren served on Diamond Resorts Board of Directors from 2013 to 2016. Mr. Warren is a graduate of the College of William and Mary and the Anderson School of Business at UCLA. Mr. Stephen Sautel has served as a director of Essential Properties Realty Trust, Inc. EPRT since its IPO in 2018. Mr. Sautel is a private investor, and he serves on the board of several private companies engaged in diverse businesses From 2017 to 2022 Mr. Sautel served as a director of CBAM Holdings, LLC, a manager of corporate credit that was sold to The Carlyle Group, Inc. in 2022. From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Sautel served as a director of Guggenheim Partners Investment Management Holdings, LLC, a diversified institutional investment management firm. From October 2001 to June 2014, Mr. Sautel was an investment professional at Guggenheim Capital, LLC, where he held the titles of Senior Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer of the Investments Business. While at Guggenheim, Mr. Sautel co-founded the firm s credit investing business and later was responsible for supervising the firm s investment management operations. Prior to Guggenheim, Mr. Sautel worked at J.H. Whitney Co., First Chicago Capital Markets, and Arthur Andersen Co. Mr. Sautel received a B.B.A. from the University of Kentucky in 1991 and an M.B.A. from the University of Michigan in 1996. Mr. Sautel is a CFA charterholder. The Company s sponsor is Horizon II Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. The registration statement for the initial public offering became effective on October 19, 2020. On October 22, 2020, the Company consummated the initial public offering of 50,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 500.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 19.6 million, inclusive of approximately 12.1 million in deferred underwriting commissions. The underwriters were granted a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the initial public offering to purchase up to 5,175,000 additional units to cover over-allotments, if any, at 10.00 per unit. On November 24, 2020, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and on November 27, 2020, purchased an additional 2,500,000 units, generating gross proceeds of 25.0 million, and additional offering costs of approximately 1.4 million in underwriting fees (inclusive of approximately 875,000 in deferred underwriting fees). Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, the Company consummated the private placement of 5,933,333 warrants to the sponsor, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 8.9 million. Simultaneously with the closing of the over-allotment on November 27, 2020, the Company consummated the second closing of the Private Placement, resulting in the purchase of an aggregate of an additional 333,334 private placement warrants by the sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 500,000. The past performance of our management team or their respective affiliates is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team s or advisor s or their respective affiliates performance as indicative of our future performance. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 In June 2020, Horizon Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of Eldridge, formed HAC, a blank check company formed for substantially similar purposes as our company. HAC completed its initial public offering in August 2020, in which it sold 54.4 million units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share of HAC and one-third of one redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share of HAC, for an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating aggregate proceeds of 544 million. In October 2021, HAC closed a business combination with Vivid Seats, Inc. Vivid Seats , NASDAQ: SEAT). Vivid Seats is a leading marketplace that utilizes its technology platform to connect millions of buyers with thousands of ticket sellers across hundreds of thousands of events each year. Mr. Boehly is a director on Vivid Seats board of directors. Recent Developments On October 17, 2022, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the Meeting ), at which the Company s shareholders approved an amendment to the Articles to extend the Business Combination Period from October 22, 2022 to September 30, 2023 (or such earlier date as is determined by the Company s board of directors) (the Charter Amendment ). The Charter Amendment became effective upon approval by the Company s shareholders at the Meeting. As a result of the effectiveness of the Charter Amendment, Public Shareholders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares had the right to request the Company to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. Public shareholders exercised that right with respect to 35,276,472 Class A ordinary shares for their respective portions of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, approximately 353,882,209 (approximately 10.03 per redeemed share) was transferred from the Trust Account to pay such holders. Giving effect to the redemptions: The balance of the Trust Account was reduced from approximately 526,663,097 to approximately 172,780,888. The number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding decreased from 52,500,000 to 17,223,528. The number of Class B ordinary shares and Public Warrants outstanding remained unchanged. 
 As a result of the redemptions in connection with the Charter Amendment, the Company was not in compliance with certain continued listing requirements of the NYSE. Accordingly, the Company applied to transfer its listing to the NYSE American and was approved for listing and began trading on the NYSE American on November 29, 2022. On October 11, 2022, the Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the BCA ), pursuant to which the Company would engage in a Business Combination (the Potential Business Combination with Epic Aero, Inc., a Delaware corporation Epic ). The Company had announced in August 2022 that it was in preliminary discussions regarding the Potential Business Combination. Epic owns and operates the private aviation business known as Flexjet, among other business activities. On April 11, 2023, pursuant to Section 10.1 of the BCA, Horizon, Epic, and Epic Fairgrave, Inc. entered into a Termination Agreement (the Termination Agreement to terminate the BCA and abandon the transactions contemplated by the BCA (together, the Termination ). The Termination Agreement also terminates and makes void the Ancillary Agreements (as defined in the BCA). Additionally, the Termination Agreement provides for a mutual release of claims among the parties and their affiliates. As a result of the Termination, the BCA is of no further force and effect, with the exception of specified provisions in Section 10.2 of the BCA and the confidentiality provisions of the Ancillary Agreements, each of which shall survive the termination of the BCA and remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms. As a condition to the effectiveness of the Termination and the other matters contemplated by the Termination Agreement, Epic is required to pay Horizon a termination payment (the Termination Payment of 30,059,000. The Termination Payment must be paid no later than five business days after the execution of the Termination Agreement. The Termination and the other transactions contemplated by the Termination Agreement are effective upon the Company s receipt of the Termination Payment. If the Termination Payment is not paid within five business days, Horizon has the right to terminate the Termination Agreement. If Horizon elects to terminate the Termination Agreement, the Termination and other transactions contemplated by the Termination Agreement shall not occur, and the BCA and each Ancillary Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 As a result of the Termination Payment and after satisfying its liabilities for expenses and Working Capital Loans, Horizon expects to redeem all of its outstanding Class A ordinary shares for a redemption price of approximately 11.33 per share (the Redemption Amount ). This is an expected increase of approximately 1.30 per share over the current 10.03 per share amount in the Trust Account (which current amount does not reflect any deductions for liabilities). In view of the Business Combination Period in the Articles (September 30, 2023), Horizon will not be able to pursue an alternative business combination, and it therefore intends to liquidate as promptly as practicable and to return funds to holders of its Class A ordinary shares. Horizon anticipates that the last day of trading in the Class A ordinary shares will be April 25, 2023. On or about the close of business on April 26, 2023, the Class A ordinary shares will be deemed canceled and will represent only the right to receive the Redemption Amount. The Redemption Amount will be payable to the holders of Class A ordinary shares through the facilities of Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, Horizon s transfer agent. Horizon expects that the NYSE American will file a Form 25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to delist its securities. Horizon thereafter expects to file a Form 15 with the SEC to terminate the registration of its securities under the Exchange Act. Our sponsor owns 87.7 of the Class A ordinary shares and 100 of the Class B ordinary shares. Our sponsor has waived its redemption rights with respect to the Class B ordinary shares and will not receive any portion of the final distribution amount. Horizon s public warrants and private placement warrants are exercisable only from and after the closing of a business combination, so they will expire unexercised. The following discussions about the business of the Company and its investment themes and strategies are provided for historical purposes only. In light of the Termination, the Company expects to cease all operations and promptly liquidate. Investment Themes Innovative Platforms That Support Evolving Consumer Trends The media and entertainment landscape remains dynamic, as new means of consumption and distribution continue to bolster opportunities for monetization. Content-creators, over-the-top providers and social platforms have revolutionized the nature of and the form and manner in which media is distributed and consumed. Technology, which has constrained individuals ability to consume content, has since changed the manner in which the audience engages with content. A growing appetite for content, alongside an expanded technological landscape, has opened the door for new platforms, creators of which have continued to pioneer the forefront of media and entertainment. As audiences become increasingly mobile, platforms look for new methods to leverage data and usage patterns to better address and monetize this opportunity. Next-Generation Technology That May Unlock New Markets and Strong Growth Improvement in existing technologies, alongside the development and launch of new technology, means consumers are more connected than ever before. Standardization has given way to personalization. Innovations such as artificial intelligence, virtual reality, and augmented reality are allowing consumers to experience content in ways that are increasingly bespoke, while 5G is enabling these experiences to take place with higher latency. We do not believe stagnation in such a landscape is an option, as existing players look to consolidate and innovate, while new players emerge. Virtual reality opens up new avenues of entertainment, with promises of different ways to experience concerts, sporting events, and entertainment products. Data and analytical tools enable new insights for consumption and distribution, creating improved models of monetization. We believe that the runway for growth, driven by strong investment, creates an attractive environment for management to identify and capitalize on opportunities. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Traditional Media and Entertainment Business Requiring Capital Due to Exogenous Shocks from Current Environment Market dislocation and unforeseen economic circumstances have impacted the media and entertainment landscape creating immense near-term pressure on many fundamentally sound businesses. Numerous industries, including production, live events and sports, as well as the services that support these industries are experiencing financial challenges while maintaining sound defensible market positions. The dislocation caused by the COVID-19 pandemic creates potential opportunities to support these businesses with capital to help navigate the current environment and sustain their attractive long-term market positions. We will seek to provide capital and expertise to help a company with solid business fundamentals continue to grow and capitalize upon potential attractive valuations to drive strategic outcomes. We believe there are many potential targets within the media entertainment services space that could become attractive public companies. These potential targets exhibit a broad range of business models and financial characteristics that range from very high growth innovative companies to more mature businesses with established franchises, recurring revenues and strong cash flows. We are not, however, required to complete our initial business combination with a media and entertainment business and, as a result, we may pursue a business combination outside of that industry. Our Business Strategy Our acquisition and value creation strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a growth-oriented, market-leading company in the media entertainment industry that delivers a unique product or service to consumers and that complements the collective investment and operational expertise of our management team to build long-term shareholder value. There has been significant disruption and change in the types of media entertainment products investors and consumers need and the form in which they are packaged and delivered in recent years. We believe that the sector is poised for continued change, growth and opportunity as new entrants seek to accelerate growth and legacy businesses seek to adapt historically strong brands to evolving consumer preferences. We believe that our ability and track record in developing and implementing business strategies that combines capabilities and expertise across consumer needs, product development, distribution and technology will help differentiate our ability to source a successful transaction. The past decade has witnessed rapid developments in the way consumers engage with communications and media offerings, resulting in the disruption of traditional business models, creating new platforms and generating tremendous opportunities for growth and the disruption of the traditional industry: the creation and development of new distribution platforms, fueled by the increasing relevance of broadband and mobile connectivity; the shift in how consumers engage with media platforms, such as through multiple screens and new avenues of content monetization that did not exist just a few years ago; the changing consumption patterns across the industry revolving around the consumer gaining increasing control over its viewing habits through real-time delivery and binge viewing; leading brands continue to leverage their brands and key assets to develop leading content, as intellectual property remains a key differentiator among competitors; and the growing importance of data collected from consumers and the opportunities that arise from the use of the collected information. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 We do not intend to limit our search to one segment of the media entertainment ecosystem, but will instead target a wide variety of businesses that deliver a solution or product to the media entertainment end-market. We believe that our management team s extensive experience and demonstrated success in advising and investing in businesses in this industry provides us with a unique set of capabilities that will be utilized in generating shareholder returns. We anticipate that the broad networks of our management team will deliver access to a broad and diverse spectrum of opportunities across the media entertainment landscape. In addition to any potential business candidates we may identify on our own, we expect that other target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources. Our acquisition strategy will leverage the network of proprietary deal sources through a proactive outreach and receptivity to inbound ideas. Upon completion of our initial public offering, the members of our management team began communicating with their networks of relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target company and a potential business combination, and began the process of pursuing and reviewing potential opportunities. Acquisition Criteria Consistent with our investment themes and business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We expect that no individual criterion will entirely determine a decision to pursue a particular opportunity. We intend to seek to acquire companies that we believe: are fundamentally sound companies that may currently be underperforming; have strong management teams with a track record of driving growth and profitability, and can benefit from the vast network, experience and guidance of our management team; have a defensible market position and demonstrate competitive advantages, such as a differentiated technology, continuous product innovation and platform development, multi-channel distribution capabilities, diversified customer base, owning its core intellectual property and brand or other, creating barriers to entry against new competitors; have recurring, predictable revenues and the history of, or the near-term potential to, generate stable and sustainable free cash flow; exhibit unrecognized value or other characteristics, desirable returns on capital, and a need for capital to achieve the company s growth strategy, that we believe have been misevaluated by the marketplace based on our analysis and due diligence review; are currently facing a changing market landscape, positioned for new distribution and content dynamics which impact their business models and will open up a multitude of new opportunities and unlock avenues for growth; enhance shareholder value through a combination with us, and offer an attractive risk-adjusted return for our shareholders; and can benefit from being a publicly traded company, with access to broader capital markets, to achieve the business s business strategy. 
 These criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management team may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria and guidelines in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in herein, would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 We may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination. We intend to acquire a company with an enterprise value significantly above the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants. Depending on the size of the transaction or the number of public shares we become obligated to redeem, we may potentially utilize several additional financing sources, including but not limited to the issuance of additional securities to the sellers of a target business, debt issued by banks or other lenders or the owners of the target, a private placement of debt or equity, or a combination of the foregoing. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, including because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient to meet our obligations or our working capital needs, we may need to obtain additional financing. Initial Business Combination In accordance with the rules of the NYSE American, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions held in trust and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on the NYSE American for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that will encompass, among other things, a review of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), on-site inspection of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Our Business Combination Process In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that will encompass, among other things, a review of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), on-site inspection of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Certain of our officers and directors presently have fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer and director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. We do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement, we filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Status as a Public Company We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses, market and other uncertainties in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Financial Position As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 172,781,000 held in the trust account, including approximately 13 million of deferred underwriting fees. With the funds available, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following our initial public offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. While we are currently evaluating business combination targets we have not yet entered into any definitive acquisition agreement with any potential business combination target. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in our initial public offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. In addition, we intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions by public shareholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law or we decide to do so for business or other reasons, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. None of our sponsors, officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Sources of Target Businesses We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and private investment funds. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates of which they become aware through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business combinations on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of a finder s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee may be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the company prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month, commencing on the date of listing on the NYSE, for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the management team. From the date the securities were first listed on the NYSE through December 31, 2022, our sponsor has waived this fee. Any such payments prior to our initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other than the foregoing, there will be no finder s fees, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or from completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination In evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as applicable, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination Although we currently intend to seek shareholder approval of the Potential Business Combination, we may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. Under the NYSE American s listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example: We issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding; Any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholder (as defined by the NYSE American rules) has a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares of 5 or more; or The issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; other time and budget constraints of the company; and additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. 
 Permitted Purchases of Our Securities and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of securities our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors, or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and NYSE American rules. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor, officers, directors, and/or their affiliates may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors, or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the shareholder meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Our sponsor, officers, directors, and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases will be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by September 30, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Limitations on Redemptions Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the NYSE American, we will be required to comply with the NYSE American rules. If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. A quorum for such meeting will be present if the holders of a majority of issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting are represented in person or by proxy. Our sponsor, officers and directors will count toward this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares and public shares held by them (including any shares purchased in our initial public offering or in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. This quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreement of our sponsor, officers and directors, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a public shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 We intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public shareholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates or shares delivered by public shareholders who elected to redeem their shares. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of our initial public offering, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Delivering Share Certificates in Connection with the Exercise of Redemption Rights As described above, we intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, or from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, as applicable, to submit or tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the broker submitting or tendering shares a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination Pursuant to the Charter Amendment, we have until September 30, 2023 to consummate an initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within by that date, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by September 30, 2023. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into a letter with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by September 30, 2023 (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our sponsor, officers, directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by September 30, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer, director or, or any other person. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 1 million held outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (except our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including, but not limited, to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. The representatives of the underwriters will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the representatives of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to approximately 1 million following our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders are entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by September 30, 2023, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by September 30, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination by September 30, 2023, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies, operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Facilities We currently utilize office space at 600 Steamboat Road, Suite 200, Greenwich, CT 06830 from our sponsor and the members of our management team as our executive offices. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have four officers, Todd Boehly, Jeffrey Wilbur, Carlton McMillen and Robert Ott. Mr. Boehly, Mr. Wilbur, Mr. McMillen and Mr. Ott are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deems necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We registered our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the required time period. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. Prior to the date of this Report, we filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. However, in light of the Termination Agreement, we currently intend to file a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act. We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Law. As an exempted company, we applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. Legal Proceedings There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. Item 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Report, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment . We are a blank check company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues to date. Until we complete our initial business combination, we will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. In making your decision whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company. Our initial public offering was not conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. Accordingly, you will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks We have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We were formed on July 22, 2020 under the laws of the Cayman Islands and have no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Past performance by our management team and their respective affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company. Information regarding our management team and their respective affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, is presented for informational purposes only. The past performance of our management team or their respective affiliates is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team s or advisor s or their respective affiliates performance as indicative of our future performance. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote with respect to any business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our sponsor and certain of its affiliates own approximately 88 of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares, and on an as-converted basis, 93 of our total outstanding ordinary shares. Our sponsor, its affiliates, and our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval of an initial business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, including the founder shares. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial shareholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination ensures that we will receive an ordinary resolution, being the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination by September 30, 2023 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination by September 30, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. There is no assurance that extending the deadline for us to complete a business combination will enable us to complete a business combination. On October 17, 2022, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the Meeting ), at which the Company s shareholders approved an amendment to its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the deadline to complete the initial business combination from October 22, 2022 to September 30, 2023 (the Business Combination Period (or such earlier date as is determined by the Company s board of directors) (the Charter Amendment ). The Charter Amendment became effective upon approval by the Company s shareholders at the Meeting. Even with the extension of the Business Combination Period, the Company can provide no assurances a transaction qualifying as a business combination will be consummated prior to the new deadline. Our ability to consummate a business combination is dependent on a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Other than in connection with a redemption offer or liquidation, our shareholders may be unable to recover their investment except through sales of our shares on the open market. The price of our shares may be volatile, and there can be no assurance that shareholders will be able to dispose of our shares at favorable prices, or at all. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within the Business Combination Period, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination within the Business Combination Period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein, including as a result of terrorist attacks, natural disasters, or a significant outbreak of infectious diseases. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders are entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not consummate an initial business combination within the Business Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to the rights of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to consummate an initial business within the Business Combination Period, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the Business Combination Period, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means that since our units were immediately tradable and we have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would have prohibited the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the Business Combination Period, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 29,000 in cash held outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from the Working Capital Loans (as defined below), will be sufficient to allow us to operate for the Business Combination Period; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. In addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsor may, but is not obligated to, provide the Company working capital loans Working Capital Loans ). On September 19, 2022, the Company obtained Working Capital Loans in the total amount of 1,500,000 from the sponsor and an affiliate thereof. On March 1, 2023, an affiliate of our sponsor extended an additional Working Capital Loan of 275,000. Such Working Capital Loans may be partially converted into up to an additional 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within the Business Combination Period, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to a letter agreement, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to fund our Regulatory Withdrawals and/or to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to fund our Regulatory Withdrawals and/or to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine of 18,292.68 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination. In accordance with the NYSE American corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE American. As an exempted company, there is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings to elect directors. Until we hold an annual meeting of shareholders, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to elect directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until after the consummation of our initial business combination. Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any election of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial business combination. Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. We may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except that we are not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting firm or independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statements disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 65 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 65 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Business Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through our initial public offering, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Upon the closing of our initial public offering, our initial shareholders owned, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. As a result of redemptions that occurred in connection with the Charter Amendment, our sponsor and certain of its affiliates own approximately 88 of our outstanding class A ordinary shares, and on an as-converted basis, 93 of our total outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of our initial business combination. If our initial shareholders purchase any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were appointed by our sponsor, is divided into three classes, each of which (except for those directors elected prior to our first annual general meeting) will serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual or extraordinary general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors and to remove directors prior to our initial business combination. In addition, the Company has agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our shareholder meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Our sponsor and its permitted transferees, who currently collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, approximately 88 of our Class A ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Business Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Although we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet negotiated the acquisition of a target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment has made it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following our initial public offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from our initial public offering and the private placement of units provided us with approximately 525,000,000 that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking into account the 13,000,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and the estimated expenses of our initial public offering). Giving effect to the redemptions made in connection with the Charter Amendment, we have approximately 172,780,888 on deposit in the Company s trust account as of December 31, 2022. We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operation. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. By definition, very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. The SEC has recently issued proposed rules to regulate special purpose acquisition companies SPACs ). Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete a Business Combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete a Business Combination. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals relating, among other items, to disclosures in business combination transactions between SPACs such as us and private operating companies; the condensed financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections by SPACs in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor from treatment as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with the SPAC Rule Proposals, or pursuant to the SEC s views expressed in the SPAC Rule Proposals, may increase the costs of negotiating and completing a business combination and the time required to consummate a transaction, and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete a business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. The Company completed its IPO in October 2020 and has operated as a blank check company searching for a target business with which to consummate an initial business combination since such time. The SPAC Rule Proposals relate, among other matters, to the circumstances in which SPACs such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a company to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for a business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement for its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete a business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of the IPO registration statement. We understand that the SEC has recently been taking informal positions regarding the Investment Company Act consistent with the SPAC Rule Proposals. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours, that does not complete a business combination within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete a business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. If we are required to liquidate the Company, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants or rights following such a transaction, and our warrants or rights would expire worthless. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Risks Relating to Our Securities Because, in light of Investment Company Act concerns, we have instructed the trustee of the trust account to hold all funds in the trust account in cash, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which will reduce the dollar amount that our public shareholders will receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. The funds in the trust account have, since our IPO, been held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. To mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act), on August 12, 2022, we instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the trust account, to cease holding securities in the trust account, to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in cash (i.e., in one or more bank accounts) until the earlier of consummation of a business combination or liquidation. This means that the amount available for redemption will not increase in the future, and those shareholders who elected not to redeem in connection with our proposal to extend the deadline by which we must complete a business combination will receive approximately the same amount, without meaningful additional interest, if they redeem in connection with a business combination or if the Company is liquidated in the future, in each case as compared with the per share amount they would receive if they had redeemed in connection with the extension proposal. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 The NYSE American may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our securities are listed on the NYSE American. In order to maintain these listings, we must maintain certain share prices, financial and share distribution targets, including maintaining a minimum amount of shareholders equity and a minimum number of public shareholders. In addition to these objective standards, the NYSE American may delist the securities of any issuer (i) if, in its opinion, the issuer s financial condition and/or operating results appear unsatisfactory; (ii) if it appears that the extent of public distribution or the aggregate market value of the security has become so reduced as to make continued listing on the NYSE American inadvisable; (iii) if the issuer sells or disposes of principal operating assets or ceases to be an operating company; (iv) if an issuer fails to comply with the NYSE American s listing requirements; (v) if an issuer s securities sell at what the NYSE American considers a low selling price and the issuer fails to correct this via a reverse split of shares after notification by the NYSE American; or (vi) if any other event occurs or any condition exists which makes continued listing on the NYSE American, in its opinion, inadvisable. If the NYSE American delists our securities, investors may face material adverse consequences, including, but not limited to, a lack of trading market for our securities, reduced liquidity, decreased analyst coverage of our securities, and an inability for us to obtain any additional financing to fund our operations that we may need. If the NYSE American delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the NYSE American, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE American, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained therein. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 400,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 40,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 347,500,000 and 26,206,250 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. There are no preference shares issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and will not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the consummation (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding (excluding the ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants) upon completion of our initial public offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. We have not registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants and causing such warrants to expire worthless. We have not registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in our initial public offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this Report, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 65 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued public warrants to purchase 16,666,667 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered in our initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we issued in a private placement 5,933,333 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Simultaneously with the closing of the over-allotment on November 27, 2020, the Company consummated the second closing of the Private Placement, resulting in the purchase of an aggregate of an additional 333,334 private placement warrants by the sponsor. In addition, the Company obtained Working Capital Loans in the total amount of 1,775,000 from the sponsor and an affiliate thereof (as described herein) which may be converted in part into up to an additional 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants. To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Because each unit contains one-third of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-third of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. A market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. The price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained. Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions will include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the election of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs and the rights of shareholders are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. Shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies like the company have no general rights under Cayman Islands law to inspect corporate records or to obtain copies of the register of members of these companies. Our directors have discretion under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to determine whether or not, and under what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our shareholders, but are not obliged to make them available to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult for you to obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder motion or to solicit proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. We are a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE American rules and, as a result, we qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. As a result of the significant control of our sponsor and its affiliates, the NYSE American considers us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE American corporate governance standards. Under the NYSE American corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the NYSE American; we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 
 We have not historically, and do not intend to, utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE American. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE American corporate governance requirements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within the Business Combination Period, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond the Business Combination Period before redemption from our trust account. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within the Business Combination Period, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to fund our Regulatory Withdrawals and/or to pay our income taxes, if any, (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the Business Combination Period before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. The grant of registration rights to our sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Pursuant to agreement registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor, and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration rights will be exercisable with respect to the founder shares and the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the securities owned by our sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Relating to Our Sponsor and Management Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors and are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors and is engaged or may become engaged in other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officer and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as and may in the future serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our officers and directors and other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest . 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Since our sponsor, officers, and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may have acquired during or may acquire after our initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. The Company s sponsor is Horizon II Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. The registration statement for the initial public offering became effective on October 19, 2020. On October 22, 2020, the Company consummated the initial public offering of 50,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 500.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 19.6 million, inclusive of approximately 12.1 million in deferred underwriting commissions. The underwriters were granted a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the initial public offering to purchase up to 5,175,000 additional units to cover over-allotments, if any, at 10.00 per unit. On November 24, 2020, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and on November 27, 2020, purchased an additional 2,500,000 units, generating gross proceeds of 25.0 million, and additional offering costs of approximately 1.4 million in underwriting fees (inclusive of approximately 875,000 in deferred underwriting fees). Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, the Company consummated the private placement of 5,933,333 warrants to the sponsor, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 8.9 million. Simultaneously with the closing of the over-allotment on November 27, 2020, the Company consummated the second closing of the private placement, resulting in the purchase of an aggregate of an additional 333,334 private placement warrants by the sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 500,000. If we do not consummate an initial business within the Business Combination Period, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the end of the Business Combination Period nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. We are dependent upon our officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. Our sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our sponsor and certain of its affiliates own approximately 88 of our outstanding class A ordinary shares, and on an as-converted basis, 93 of our total outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, it may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our sponsor purchases any of our Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors and to remove directors prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; tariffs and trade barriers; regulations related to customs and import/export matters; local or regional economic policies and market conditions; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; longer payment cycles; tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; currency fluctuations and exchange controls; rates of inflation; challenges in collecting accounts receivable; cultural and language differences; employment regulations; underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; corruption; protection of intellectual property; social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; regime changes and political upheaval; terrorist attacks and wars; and deterioration of political relations with the United States. 
 We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 General Risk Factors If our internal controls over financial reporting are insufficient, we may not be able to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As described in our prior reports, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting for a significant and unusual transaction related to the warrants we issued in connection with our initial public offering in October 2020. Subsequently, we identified an error in our accounting related to the Company s application of ASC 480-10-S99-3A to the classification of our redeemable Public Shares and presentation of earnings per share. We have remediated that material weakness and have not identified any additional material weaknesses. Any failure to maintain adequate internal control in the future could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our ordinary shares is listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, there could result a material adverse effect on our business. Failure to timely file will cause us to be ineligible to utilize short form registration statements on Form S-3, which may impair our ability to obtain capital in a timely fashion to execute our business strategies or issue shares to effect an acquisition. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. We can give no assurance that additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our consolidated financial statements. Our Warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our Warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. On April 12, 2021, the Acting Director of the Division of Corporation Finance and Acting Chief Accountant of the SEC together issued a statement regarding the accounting and reporting considerations for warrants issued by special purpose acquisition companies entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by SPACs (the SEC Statement ). Specifically, the SEC Statement focused on warrants that have certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain tender offers or warrants which do not meet the criteria to be considered indexed to an entity s own stock, which terms are similar to those contained in the warrant agreement governing our Warrants. As a result of the SEC Statement, we reevaluated the accounting treatment of our 17,500,000 Public Warrants and 6,266,667 Private Placement Warrants, and determined that the Warrants should be reclassified as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings. As a result, included on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K are derivative liabilities related to embedded features contained within our Warrants. Accounting Standards Codification 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts on an Entity s Own Equity , provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the statement of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors, which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our Warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Past performance by our management team and their respective affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company. Information regarding our management team and their respective affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, is presented for informational purposes only. The past performance of our management team or their respective affiliates is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team s or advisor s or their respective affiliates performance as indicative of our future performance. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this Report, or defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder of public warrants if holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 65 of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send notice of such redemption to the warrants holders and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Because each unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other special purpose acquisition companies. Each unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Our corporate affairs and the rights of shareholders will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Law (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. For a more detailed discussion of the principal differences between the provisions of the Companies Law applicable to us and, for example, the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. Shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies like the company have no general rights under Cayman Islands law to inspect corporate records or to obtain copies of the register of members of these companies. Our directors have discretion under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to determine whether or not, and under what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our shareholders, but are not obliged to make them available to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult for you to obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder motion or to solicit proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval by special resolution under the Companies Law, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income, or otherwise subject it to adverse tax consequences, in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. In addition, shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes, other taxes, or other adverse tax consequences with respect to their interests in us after any such reincorporation. After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties Our offices are located at 600 Steamboat Road, Suite 200, Greenwich, CT 06830. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. From the date the securities were first listed on the NYSE American through December 31, 2022, our sponsor has waived this fee. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings To the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (a) Market Information Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on the NYSE American under the symbols HZON, HZON.U and HZON.WS, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on October 20, 2020. Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on December 9, 2020. (b) Holders As of December 31, 2022, there were two holders of record of our units, six holders of our Class A ordinary shares and one holder of our Class B ordinary shares and three holders of our warrants. (c) Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. (e) Performance Graph Not applicable. (f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings. None. (g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. Item 6. Selected Financial Data. Not applicable. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward looking statements. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, words such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward looking statements. Such forward looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. No assurance can be given that results in any forward-looking statement will be achieved and actual results could be affected by one or more factors, which could cause them to differ materially. The cautionary statements made in this Annual Report should be read as being applicable to all forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to, those detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on July 22, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a Business Combination ). We may pursue a Business Combination target in any industry. In particular, we expect to seek assets that target three broad themes: (1) innovative platforms that support evolving consumer trends; (2) next-generation technology that may unlock new markets and strong growth; and (3) traditional media and entertainment businesses requiring an injection of capital due to exogenous shocks from the current environment. Our sponsor is Horizon II Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all the risks associated with emerging growth companies. Our registration statement for our initial public offering Initial Public Offering was declared effective on October 19, 2020. On October 22, 2020, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 50,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 500.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 19.6 million, inclusive of approximately 12.1 million in deferred underwriting commissions. The underwriter was granted a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 5,175,000 additional units to cover over-allotments, if any, at 10.00 per unit. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option on November 24, 2020 to purchase an additional 2,500,000 units, which closed on November 27, 2020 generating gross proceeds of 25.0 million, and incurring additional offering costs of approximately 1.4 million in underwriting fees (inclusive of approximately 0.9 million in deferred underwriting fees). Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of 5,933,333 warrants (collectively, the Private Placement Warrants to our sponsor, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 8.9 million, pursuant to the Private Placement Warrants purchase agreement, dated October 19, 2020, by and between us and our sponsor. The private placement purchase agreement provided for a second closing of the private placement simultaneously with the closing of the over-allotment units. Accordingly, on November 27, 2020, the second closing of the private placement was consummated, resulting in the purchase of an aggregate of 333,334 Private Placement Warrants by our sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 0.5 million. Our sponsor agreed to forfeit up to 1,875,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the founder shares will represent 20 of our issued and outstanding shares after the IPO. On October 22, 2020, in connection with consummation of the sponsor IPO units, our sponsor surrendered 581,250 founder shares to the Company for no consideration, thus reducing the amount of Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to 1,293,750 Class B ordinary shares. As a result of the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, and the remainder of the over-allotment units expiring unexercised on December 3, 2020, 668,750 Class B ordinary shares were automatically surrendered for no consideration by the sponsor. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the over-allotment, and the private placements, a total of 525.0 million 10.00 per unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and over-allotment, and certain of the proceeds of the private placement was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. For a discussion of recent changes to the investment of the funds held in the Trust Account, see Recent Developments - Cessation of Investment of Funds Held in the Trust Account below. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. If we are unable to complete a Business Combination by September 30, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the Company s board of Directors), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. Recent Developments Cessation of Investment of Funds Held in the Trust Account With respect to the regulation of SPACs like our Company, on March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. The proposal is consistent with less formal positions recently taken by the staff of the SEC. To mitigate the risk of being viewed as operating an unregistered investment company, on August 12, 2022, the Company instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to cease holding securities in the Trust Account, to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash (i.e., in one or more bank accounts) until the earlier of consummation of a Business Combination and liquidation of the Company. Accordingly, the Trust Account has ceased to be invested or otherwise to earn more than minimal interest, if any. This means that the amount available for redemption will not meaningfully increase in the future. Extension of Business Combination Period; Related Redemption On October 17, 2022, we held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the Meeting ), at which our shareholders approved an amendment to the Articles to extend the Business Combination Period from October 22, 2022 to September 30, 2023 (or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors) (the Charter Amendment ). The Charter Amendment became effective upon approval by our shareholders at the Meeting. As a result of the effectiveness of the Charter Amendment, public shareholders of our Class A ordinary shares had the right to request from us to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. Public shareholders exercised that right with respect to 35,276,472 Class A ordinary shares for their respective portions of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, approximately 353,882,209 (approximately 10.03 per redeemed share) was transferred from the Trust Account to pay such holders. Giving effect to the redemptions: The balance of the Trust Account was reduced from approximately 526,663,097 to approximately 172,780,888. The number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding decreased from 52,500,000 to 17,223,528. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 The number of Class B ordinary shares and Public Warrants outstanding remained unchanged. 
 Signing of Business Combination Agreement On October 11, 2022, we entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the BCA ), pursuant to which we would engage in a Business Combination (the Potential Business Combination with Epic Aero, Inc., a Delaware corporation Epic ). We had announced in August 2022 that it was in preliminary discussions regarding the Potential Business Combination. Epic owns and operates the private aviation business known as Flexjet, among other business activities. Concurrent with the execution of the BCA, we also entered into certain related agreements as more fully described and filed with a Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on October 11, 2022. Agreements with related parties is more fully described in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included as Part II Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Transfer to NYSE American As a result of the redemptions in connection with the Charter Amendment, the Company was not in compliance with certain continued listing requirements of the NYSE. Accordingly, the Company applied to transfer its listing to the NYSE American and was approved for listing and began trading on the NYSE American on November 29, 2022. Termination of the BCA On April 11, 2023, pursuant to Section 10.1 of the BCA, Horizon, Epic, and Epic Fairgrave, Inc. entered into a Termination Agreement (the Termination Agreement to terminate the BCA and abandon the transactions contemplated by the BCA (together, the Termination ). The Termination Agreement also terminates and makes void the Ancillary Agreements (as defined in the BCA). Additionally, the Termination Agreement provides for a mutual release of claims among the parties and their affiliates. As a result of the Termination, the BCA is of no further force and effect, with the exception of specified provisions in Section 10.2 of the BCA and the confidentiality provisions of the Ancillary Agreements, each of which shall survive the termination of the BCA and remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms. As a condition to the effectiveness of the Termination and the other matters contemplated by the Termination Agreement, Epic is required to pay Horizon a termination payment (the Termination Payment of 30,059,000. The Termination Payment must be paid no later than five business days after the execution of the Termination Agreement. The Termination and the other transactions contemplated by the Termination Agreement are effective upon the Company s receipt of the Termination Payment. If the Termination Payment is not paid within five business days, Horizon has the right to terminate the Termination Agreement. If Horizon elects to terminate the Termination Agreement, the Termination and other transactions contemplated by the Termination Agreement shall not occur, and the BCA and each Ancillary Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. As a result of the Termination Payment and after satisfying its liabilities for expenses and Working Capital Loans, Horizon expects to redeem all of its outstanding Class A ordinary shares for a redemption price of approximately 11.33 per share (the Redemption Amount ). This is an expected increase of approximately 1.30 per share over the current 10.03 per share amount in the Trust Account (which current amount does not reflect any deductions for liabilities). In view of the Business Combination Period in the Articles (September 30, 2023), Horizon will not be able to pursue an alternative business combination, and it therefore intends to liquidate as promptly as practicable and to return funds to holders of its Class A ordinary shares. Horizon anticipates that the last day of trading in the Class A ordinary shares will be April 25, 2023. On or about the close of business on April 26, 2023, the Class A ordinary shares will be deemed canceled and will represent only the right to receive the Redemption Amount. The Redemption Amount will be payable to the holders of Class A ordinary shares through the facilities of Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, Horizon s transfer agent. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Horizon expects that the NYSE American will file a Form 25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to delist its securities. Horizon thereafter expects to file a Form 15 with the SEC to terminate the registration of its securities under the Exchange Act. Our sponsor owns 87.7 of the Class A ordinary shares and 100 of the Class B ordinary shares. Our sponsor has waived its redemption rights with respect to the Class B ordinary shares and will not receive any portion of the final distribution amount. Horizon s public warrants and private placement warrants are exercisable only from and after the closing of a business combination, so they will expire unexercised. Results of Operations Our entire activity from July 22, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022, was in preparation for an initial public offering, and since our initial public offering, our activity has been limited to the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of approximately 7.9 million, which consisted of approximately a 12.4 million unrealized gain from changes in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities, approximately 9,000 interest income from operating bank account, and approximately 1.6 million in net gain from investments held in Trust Account, partly offset by approximately 6.1 million in general and administrative expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net income of approximately 20.1 million, which consisted of approximately a 23.1 million gain from changes in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities and approximately 35,000 in net gain from investments held in Trust Account offset by approximately 3.0 million in general and administrative expenses. Liquidity and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 29,000 in our operating bank account and a working capital deficit of approximately 8.0 million, inclusive of 1.5 million Working Capital Loans. Our liquidity needs have been satisfied prior to the completion of the initial public offering through the payment of 25,000 from our sponsor to cover certain expenses in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares, a loan of approximately 161,000 pursuant to the Note (as defined below) issued to our sponsor. We repaid the Note in full on October 22, 2020. Subsequent to the consummation of the initial public offering and Private Placement, our liquidity needs have been satisfied with the proceeds from the consummation of the private placement not held in the trust account. In addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsor may, but is not obligated to, provide the Company working capital loans Working Capital Loans ). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 1.5 million and 0, respectively, in borrowings under Working Capital Loans. On September 19, 2022, the Company obtained Working Capital Loans in the total amount of 1.5 million from the Sponsor and an affiliate thereof (Vista Portfolio Trust, LLC). The Working Capital Loans made by each lender are each evidenced by a promissory note (each, a Convertible Note ). The Company expects to use the proceeds of the Working Capital Loans to fund working capital deficiencies and to finance transaction costs in connection with the Potential Business Combination (as to which there can be no assurance). The Convertible Notes do not bear interest. The Convertible Notes are unsecured obligations and are payable from assets of our Company other than our Trust Account. Each Convertible Note provides that the holder waives recourse to the Trust Account. The principal balance of each Convertible Note is payable on the earlier of (i) the date on which we consummate our initial business combination and (ii) the date on which we liquidate the Trust Account upon the failure by us to consummate an initial business combination within the Business Combination Period. The holder of each Convertible Note has the option to convert all or any portion of the principal outstanding under such Convertible Note into warrants at a conversion price of 1.50 per warrant. However, the maximum principal amount that may be converted, as to both Convertible Notes and all other notes evidencing Working Capital Loans, is 1.5 million or such greater dollar amount as may be agreed to by the Company, with such approvals as may be necessary or advisable. The warrants into which the Convertible Notes may be converted will be substantially identical to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants issued by the Company in connection with its initial public offering. Such terms entitle the holder of a warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share of the Company for 11.50. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 We have until September 30, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination, and it is uncertain that we will be able to by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. Management has determined that the working capital deficit and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. Over this time period, we will be using the funds outside of the Trust Account and the Working Capital Loans for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. Related Party Transactions Founder Shares On August 7, 2020, our sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000 for certain expenses on behalf of us in exchange for issuance of 14,375,000 Class B ordinary shares. Our sponsor agreed to forfeit up to 1,875,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the sounder shares will represent 20 of our issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On October 22, 2020, in connection with consummation of our sponsor IPO units, our sponsor surrendered 581,250 founder shares to us for no consideration, thus reducing the amount of Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to 1,293,750 Class B ordinary shares. As a result of the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, and the remainder of the over-allotment units expiring unexercised, on December 3, 2020, 668,750 Class B ordinary shares were automatically surrendered for no consideration by the sponsor. The initial shareholders agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to the initial business combination, the closing price of the Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, capitalization of shares, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial business combination, and (B) the date following the completion of the initial business combination on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Private Placement On October 22, 2020, simultaneous with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of 5,933,333 Private Placement Warrants to our sponsor, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to us of approximately 8.9 million. On November 27, 2020, the second closing of the private placement was consummated, resulting in the purchase of an aggregate of 333,334 Private Placement Warrants by our sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 0.5 million. Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. If we do not complete a business combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable except as described below and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our sponsor and our officers and directors will agree, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial business combination. Related Party Loans On August 7, 2020, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for the payment of costs related to the initial public offering pursuant to a promissory note. The note is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. We borrowed approximately 161,000 under the note and fully repaid the note on October 22, 2020. Subsequent to repayment, the facility is no longer available to the Company. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If we complete a business combination, we may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the trust account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the trust account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the trust account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 1.5 million and 0, respectively, in borrowings under Working Capital Loans. Administrative Services Agreement Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on the NYSE through the earlier of consummation of the initial business combination or the liquidation, we agreed to pay our sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to our management team. From the date the securities were first listed on the NYSE through December 31, 2022, our sponsor waived the fee. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. The audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to the sponsor, officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Commitments and Contingencies Registration and Shareholder Rights The holders of the founder shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus to purchase up to 5,175,000 additional units at the initial public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On November 27, 2020, we issued an additional of 2,500,000 units at the Initial Public Offering price at 10.00 per unit pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per unit (excluding the sponsor IPO units), or 6.9 million, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, 0.35 per unit (excluding the Affiliated units), or 12.1 million will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. In connection with the consummation of the sale of units pursuant to the over-allotment option on November 27, 2020, the underwriters were entitled to an additional fee of approximately 1.4 million upon closing inclusive of deferred underwriting commissions of approximately 0.9 million. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Contingent Fee Arrangement The Company has entered into fee arrangements with an advisor in connection with the Company s search for a prospective initial Business Combination. A portion of the fees in connection with the services rendered as of December 31, 2022, amounting to approximately 865,000 only become due and payable upon the closing of an initial Business Combination, and therefore not included as liabilities on the accompanying balance sheets. Risks and Uncertainties Various social and political circumstances in the United States and around the world (including wars and other forms of conflict, including rising trade tensions between the United States and China, and other uncertainties regarding actual and potential shifts in the United States and foreign, trade, economic and other policies with other countries, terrorist acts, security operations and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and global health epidemics), may also contribute to increased market volatility and economic uncertainties or deterioration in the United States and worldwide. Specifically, the rising conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and resulting market volatility could adversely affect our Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. In response to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the United States and other countries have imposed sanctions or other restrictive actions against Russia. Any of the above factors, including sanctions, export controls, tariffs, trade wars and other governmental actions, could have a material adverse effect on our Company s ability to complete a Business Combination and the value of our Company s securities. Management continues to evaluate the impact of these types of risks and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that these risks and uncertainties could have a negative effect on our financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: Cash and Investments Held in the Trust Account Our portfolio of investments has been comprised of U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities and generally have a readily determinable fair value, or a combination thereof. When our investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of U.S. government securities, the investments are classified as trading securities. When our investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of money market funds, the investments are recognized at fair value. Trading securities and investments in money market funds are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities were included in net gain from investments held in the Trust Account in the accompanying statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account were determined using available market information. As of December 31, 2022, the funds in the Trust Account are held solely in cash (i.e., one or more bank accounts). See Recent Developments - Cessation of Investment of Funds Held in the Trust Account above. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption We account for the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. The Company s Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, 17,223,528 and 52,500,000 shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Under ASC 480-10-S99, the Company has elected to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and Over-Allotment, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount. The change in the carrying value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. Subsequently, we recognized changes in the redemption value as an increase in the redemption value of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as reflected on the accompanying statements of changes in shareholders deficit. Derivative Warrant Liabilities We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. The Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the carrying value of the instruments to fair value at each reporting period until they are exercised. The change in fair value is recognized in the Company s statements of operations. The fair value of the Public Warrants is measured based on the listed market price of such the Public Warrants. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants was initially measured using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Beginning as of September 30, 2021, the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants has been measured based on the listed market price of the Public Warrants, which represent an observable market quote for a similar asset in an active market. The determination of the fair value of the warrant liabilities may be subject to change as more current information becomes available and accordingly the actual results could differ significantly. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. Net Income Per Ordinary Share We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares, Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares, which assumes a Business Combination as the most likely outcome. Net income per ordinary share is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the respective periods. The calculation of diluted net income per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (including exercise of the over-allotment option) and the Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 23,766,667 Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events. Accretion associated with the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, ASC Subtopic 820 Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions . The ASU amends ASC 820 to clarify that a contractual sales restriction is not considered in measuring an equity security at fair value and to introduce new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that are measured at fair value. The ASU applies to both holders and issuers of equity and equity-linked securities measured at fair value. The amendments in this ASU are effective for the Company in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The Company is evaluating the impact of this standard on the financial statements. Our management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards updates, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Our financial statements and notes thereto begin on Page F-1. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective as of December 31, 2022. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Officers As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name Age Position Todd L. Boehly 49 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director Jason Robins 42 Director Cindy Holland 53 Director Stephen Sautel 54 Director Zachary Warren 49 Director Carlton McMillen 38 Vice President Robert Ott 36 Vice President Jeffrey Wilbur 38 Vice President Todd L. Boehly , 49, has been our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director since August 2020. Mr. Boehly is the Co-founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Eldridge, a holding company with a unique network of businesses across finance, technology, real estate and entertainment. Prior to founding Eldridge in 2015, Mr. Boehly worked at Guggenheim Partners, the global asset manager, from 2001 to 2015, and was President of Guggenheim Partners from 2011 to 2015. Mr. Boehly received his B.B.A. from the College of William Mary in 1996. He has also studied at the London School of Economics. We believe Mr. Boehly s qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his substantial experience building and managing businesses, his long-standing track record in identifying differentiated ideas, and unlocking value that will deliver access to a broad spectrum of potential acquisition opportunities. Jason Robins , 42, is a director. Mr. Robins is chief executive officer, chairman and co-Founder, of DraftKings which was established in 2011. Mr. Robins oversees the company s strategy and operations, while also driving funding and partnerships. Robins has built a reputation for expanding DraftKings growth across numerous platforms through wide-ranging, forward-thinking partnerships. Under his leadership, DraftKings became the first daily fantasy sports company to partner with Major League Baseball in 2013. Mr. Robins led efforts at DraftKings to work with policy makers and regulators to pass fantasy sports, sports betting and iGaming legislation. Mr. Robins attended Duke University, where he received his B.S. in Economics and Computer Science. We believe in Mr. Robins qualifications to serve on our board of directors which includes his experience in the digital sports entertainment and gaming industry, including overseeing DraftKings strategy and operations while also driving funding and establishing significant partnerships with several professional sports leagues, his previous experience with a special purpose acquisition corporation s business combination and his leadership with policy makers and regulators to pass daily fantasy sports, sports betting and iGaming legislation. Cindy Holland, 53, has served as a director since November 17, 2020, Ms. Holland has over 25 years of executive and senior leadership experience in the media and film industries. She most recently served as Vice President, Original Content for Netflix, Inc. Netflix ). She joined Netflix in 2002 as the Director and Vice President of Content Acquisition. Previously, Ms. Holland served as Vice President of Business Development for Kozmo.com, an ecommerce company, and oversaw development, production and related agreements for feature films at Mutual Film Company and Baltimore/Spring Creek Productions. We believe Ms. Holland s qualifications to serve on our board include her substantial experience in the entertainment industry and her deep knowledge of entertainment production. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Stephen Sautel , 54, has served as director since October 19, 2021 and has served as a director of Essential Properties Realty Trust, Inc. EPRT since its IPO in 2018. Mr. Sautel is a private investor, and he serves on the board of several private companies engaged in diverse businesses From 2017 to 2022 Mr. Sautel served as a director of CBAM Holdings, LLC, a manager of corporate credit that was sold to The Carlyle Group, Inc. in 2022. From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Sautel served as a director of Guggenheim Partners Investment Management Holdings, LLC, a diversified institutional investment management firm. From October 2001 to June 2014, Mr. Sautel was an investment professional at Guggenheim Capital, LLC, where he held the titles of Senior Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer of the Investments Business. While at Guggenheim, Mr. Sautel co-founded the firm s credit investing business and later was responsible for supervising the firm s investment management operations. Prior to Guggenheim, Mr. Sautel worked at J.H. Whitney Co., First Chicago Capital Markets, and Arthur Andersen Co. Mr. Sautel received a B.B.A. from the University of Kentucky in 1991 and an M.B.A. from the University of Michigan in 1996. Mr. Sautel is a CFA charterholder. Zachary Warren , 49, has served as director since October 19, 2021. Mr. Warren was most recently Senior Managing Director and Portfolio Manager at Guggenheim Partners where he ran the firm s private debt investing activities and served on the Corporate Credit Investment Committee. As part of the Committee, Mr. Warren led the firm s investment activities in high yield bonds, leveraged loans, and private debt Mr. Warren was at Guggenheim from 2004 to 2021. Prior to Guggenheim, Mr. Warren was a Vice President at Bear Sterns in equity research from 1996 to 2000. Mr. Warren served on Diamond Resorts Board of Directors from 2013 to 2016. Mr. Warren is a graduate of the College of William and Mary and the Anderson School of Business at UCLA. We believe Mr. Warren s qualifications to serve on our board include his extensive financial and investment expertise and experience in analyzing businesses and their operations. Jeffrey Wilbur , 38, has served as Vice President since November 2020. Mr. Wilbur is a Principal at Eldridge Industries. Mr. Wilbur has been with Eldridge since 2018, where he has a successful track record of managing and exiting businesses as an operator, focusing on industries such as live events, entertainment, and consumer. Prior to joining Eldridge, Mr. Wilbur served as the CEO of Mediabistro Holdings where he oversaw all activities of the business units and corporate functions of the platform which included the following brands: The CLIO Awards, Mediabistro, ADWEEK, and the Film Expo Group. Prior to such, he was the Chief Financial Officer of Prometheus Global Media and a member of the Corporate Credit Group at Guggenheim Partners. Mr. Wilbur currently serves on the Board of Directors of Aurify Brands and Illuminarium Experiences and previously served on the Board of Directors of Dragontail Systems (ASX: DTS). Mr. Wilbur earned his B.A in Economics and Psychology from Williams College. Carlton McMillen , 38, has served as Vice President since September 2020. Mr. McMillen is a Director at Eldridge Industries. Mr. McMillen was also previously an investment professional at Eldridge Industries from 2015 to 2017. He then was at MRC as a Vice President, Corporate Development since its founding in January 2018, where he led efforts on acquisitions, investments, equity and debt capital raises, corporate finance, and special projects, and in 2022, Mr. McMillen returned to Eldridge Industries. He also previously served as an investment professional for Guggenheim Partners from 2009 to 2013, where he was involved in investments in private equity, venture equity, and corporate credit across a spectrum of industries. Prior to Guggenheim Partners, Mr. McMillen was an investment banker at Guggenheim Securities and Merrill Lynch from 2007 to 2009. He earned a B.S. in Finance and a B.S. in Accountancy from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Robert Ott , 36, has served as Vice President since August 2020. Mr. Ott has been with Eldridge since its inception in 2015, where he has worked as in-house counsel focusing on negotiating and structuring transactions across the firm s investment platform. Mr. Ott currently serves on the Board of Directors of Maranon Capital and Panagram Structured Asset Management. Prior to joining Eldridge, Mr. Ott worked as in-house counsel for the investment management business at Guggenheim Partners from 2011 to 2014. He earned his B.S. in Finance from the University of Maryland and his J.D. from William Mary Law School. Mr. Ott is also a CFA charterholder. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of five members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors elected prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with NYSE American corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NYSE American. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Jason Robins, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Cindy Holland and Zachary Warren, will expire at the second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Todd Boehly and Stephen Sautel will expire at the third annual general meeting. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Director Independence The rules of the NYSE American require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board of directors has determined that Jason Robins, Cindy Holland, Stephen Sautel, and Zachary Warren are independent directors as defined in the NYSE American listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Each of our audit committee, our compensation committee and our nominating and corporate governance committee is composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NYSE American and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NYSE American require that the compensation committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Jason Robins Cindy Holland, and Stephen Sautel serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors determined that each of Jason Robins, Cindy Holland, and Stephen Sautel are independent and financially literate under the NYSE American listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our Board has determined that Stephen Sautel qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. The audit committee is responsible for: assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the registered public accounting firm have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 Nominating Committee We have established a nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our nominating committee are Jason Robins, Cindy Holland, and Stephen Sautel. Under the NYSE American listing standards, we are required to have a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors determined that each of Jason Robins, Cindy Holland, and Stephen Sautel are independent. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others . Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee include: identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board of directors, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for appointment at the annual general meeting or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 
 The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Jason Robins, Cindy Holland, and Stephen Sautel. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Under the NYSE American listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors determined that each of Jason Robins, Cindy Holland, and Stephen Sautel are independent. We adopted a compensation committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our chief executive officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive compensation and equity based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month (which has been waived through December 31, 2022), for up to 24 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE American and the SEC. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. Code of Ethics We adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors and officers. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Conflicts of Interest Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and duty to exercise independent judgment. 
 In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination . Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 Our initial shareholders purchased founder shares prior to the date of our final prospectus and will purchase private placement warrants in a transaction that will close simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the required time period. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination; and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, capitalization of shares, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our officers and director nominees will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 
 We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by the company any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. We agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month, commencing on the date of listing on the NYSE, for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the management team. From the date the securities were first listed on the NYSE through December 31, 2022, our sponsor has waived this fee. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares and public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We will enter into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We expect to purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. Item 11. Executive Compensation Officer and Director Compensation Each of Stephen Sautel and Zachary Warren receive an annual director fee of 50,000, paid by our sponsor. No other officer or director has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. The Company agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month, commencing on the date of listing on the NYSE, for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the management team. Upon completion of the initial business combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. From the date the securities were first listed on the NYSE through December 31, 2022, our sponsor has waived this fee. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion of our initial business combination will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of April 14, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares, by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; each of our officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary share; and all our officers and directors as a group. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 17,223,528 Class A ordinary shares (which includes Class A ordinary shares that are underlying the units) and 13,125,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding as of April 14, 2023. Voting power represents the combined voting power of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares owned beneficially by such person. On all matters to be voted upon, the holders of the Class A ordinary shares and the Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis. The table below does not include the Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants held by our sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this Report. 

Class B ordinary shares Class A ordinary shares Number of Shares Approximate Number of Shares Approximate Beneficially Percentage of Beneficially Percentage of Name of Beneficial Owners (1) Owned Class Owned Class Horizon II Sponsor, LLC (our sponsor) (2) 13,125,000 100.0 15,100,000 87.7 Todd L. Boehly (2) 13,125,000 100.0 15,100,000 87.7 Jason Robins Carlton McMillen Robert Ott Cindy Holland Stephen Sautel 20,000 Zachary Warren Jeffrey Wilbur Directors and officers as a group (8 individuals) 13,125,000 100 15,120,000 87.8 

 Less than one percent. (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is 600 Steamboat Road, Suite 200, Greenwich, CT 06830. (2) The shares reported above are held in the name of our sponsor. Our sponsor is controlled by Eldridge Industries, LLC, which is controlled by Mr. Boehly. 
 Our sponsor, officers and directors are deemed to be our promoter as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. Changes in Control None. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Sponsor and Initial Public Offering The Company s sponsor is Horizon II Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. The registration statement for the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on October 19, 2020. On October 22, 2020, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 50,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 500.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 19.6 million, inclusive of approximately 12.1 million in deferred underwriting commissions (Note 7). The underwriter was granted a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 5,175,000 additional units to cover over-allotments, if any, at 10.00 per unit. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option on November 24, 2020 to purchase an additional 2,500,000 units, which closed on November 27, 2020 generating gross proceeds of 25.0 million, and incurring additional offering costs of approximately 1.4 million in underwriting fees (inclusive of approximately 0.9 million in deferred underwriting fees). 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of 5,933,333 warrants to the sponsor, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 8.9 million (Note 5), pursuant to the private placement warrants purchase agreement, dated October 19, 2020, by and between the Company and the sponsor. The private placement purchase agreement provided for a second closing of the Private Placement simultaneously with the closing of the over-allotment units. Accordingly, on November 27, 2020, the second closing of the Private Placement was consummated, resulting in the purchase of an aggregate of 333,334 Private Placement Warrants by the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 0.5 million. The sponsor agreed to forfeit up to 1,875,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the founder shares will represent 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On October 22, 2020, in connection with consummation of the sponsor IPO units, the sponsor surrendered 581,250 founder shares to the Company for no consideration, thus reducing the amount of Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to 1,293,750 Class B ordinary shares. As a result of the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, and the remainder of the over-allotment units expiring unexercised, on December 3, 2020, 668,750 Class B ordinary shares were automatically surrendered for no consideration by the sponsor. Trust Account Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the over-allotment, and the Private Placements, a total of 525.0 million 10.00 per unit) of the net proceeds of the initial public offering and over-allotment, and certain of the proceeds of the private placement was placed in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the trust account as described below. On August 12, 2022, the Company instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to cease holding securities in the Trust Account, to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash (i.e., in one or more bank accounts) until the earlier of consummation of a Business Combination and liquidation of the Company. As of September 30, 2022, the funds held in the Trust Account are held solely in cash (i.e., one or more bank accounts). Working Capital Loans On September 19, 2022, the Company obtained Working Capital Loans in the total amount of 1.5 million from the Sponsor and an affiliate thereof (Vista Portfolio Trust, LLC). The Working Capital Loans made by each lender are each evidenced by a promissory note (each, a Convertible Note ). The Company expects to use the proceeds of the Working Capital Loans to fund working capital deficiencies and to finance transaction costs in connection with the Potential Business Combination (as to which there can be no assurance). The Convertible Notes do not bear interest. The Convertible Notes are unsecured obligations and are payable from assets of our Company other than our Trust Account. Each Convertible Note provides that the holder waives recourse to the Trust Account. The principal balance of each Convertible Note is payable on the earlier of (i) the date on which we consummate our initial business combination and (ii) the date on which we liquidate the Trust Account upon the failure by us to consummate an initial business combination within the Business Combination Period. The holder of each Convertible Note has the option to convert all or any portion of the principal outstanding under such Convertible Note into warrants at a conversion price of 1.50 per warrant. However, the maximum principal amount that may be converted, as to both Convertible Notes and all other notes evidencing Working Capital Loans, is 1.5 million or such greater dollar amount as may be agreed to by the Company, with such approvals as may be necessary or advisable. The warrants into which the Convertible Notes may be converted will be substantially identical to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants issued by the Company in connection with its initial public offering. Such terms entitle the holder of a warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share of the Company for 11.50. Director Independence NYSE American listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Jason Robins, Cindy Holland, Stephen Sautel, and Zachary Warren are independent directors as defined in the NYSE American listing standards. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The following is a summary of fees paid to WithumSmith+Brown, PC, for services rendered. Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our financial statements for the period of July 22, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022, reviews of our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by WithumSmith+Brown, PC for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, totaled 97,415 and 106,605, respectively. Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay WithumSmith+Brown, PC any audit-related fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. The aggregate fees billed by WithumSmith+Brown, PC for tax fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, totaled 8,060 and 3,605, respectively. All Other Fees. All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. We did not pay WithumSmith+Brown, PC any other fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Pre-Approval Policy. Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: (1) Financial Statements The financial statements are found in a separate section of this Report starting on page F-1. See the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1. (2) Exhibits We hereby file as part of this Annual Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Business Combination Agreement, dated October 11, 2022, among Horizon Acquisition Corporation II, OTH Merger Sub 1, LLC, Flexjet, Inc., Flexjet Sub, LLC and Epic Aero, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 11, 2022). 3.1 Amendment to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (amending Article 49.7) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022). 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on September 29, 2020). (2) 4.2 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on September 29, 2020). (2) 4.3 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on September 29, 2020). (2) 4.4 Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 23, 2020).(1) 4.5 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021). (3) 10.1 Promissory Note dated September 19, 2022, issued by Horizon Acquisition Corporation II to Horizon II Sponsor, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 20, 2022). 10.2 Promissory Note dated September 19, 2022, issued by Horizon Acquisition Corporation II to Vista Portfolio Trust, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 20, 2022). 10.3 Exchange Agreement, dated October 11, 2022, among Flexjet, Inc., Directional Capital LLC and Horizon II Sponsor, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 11, 2022). 10.4 Form of New Warrant Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 11, 2022). 10.5 Sponsor Support and Non-Redemption Agreement, dated October 11, 2022, among Horizon II Sponsor, LLC, Horizon Acquisition Corporation II, Flexjet, Inc. and Epic Aero, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 11, 2022). 10.6 Company Support Agreement, dated October 11, 2022, among Horizon Acquisition Corporation II, Flexjet, Inc., Epic Aero, Inc. and the stockholders party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 11, 2022). 10.7 Back-Stop Letter Agreement, dated October 11, 2022, by Eldridge Industries, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 11, 2022). 10.8 First Amendment to the Back-Stop Letter Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, by Eldridge Industries, LLC. 10.9 Form of Stockholders Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 11, 2022). 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 10.10 Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 11, 2022). 10.11 Form of Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Flexjet (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 11, 2022). 10.12 Form of Bylaws of Flexjet (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 11, 2022). 10.13 Termination Agreement, dated April 11, 2023, among Epic Fairgrave, Inc., Epic Aero, Inc. and Horizon Acquisition Corporation II (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 11, 2023). 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit) 

 Filed herewith Furnished herewith (3) Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. April 14, 2023 

HORIZON ACQUISITION CORPORATION II /s/ Todd L. Boehly Name: Todd L. Boehly Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Todd Boehly Todd Boehly Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer and Director April 14, 2023 /s/ Jason Robins Jason Robins Director April 14, 2023 /s/ Cindy Holland Cindy Holland Director April 14, 2023 /s/ Stephen Sautel Stephen Sautel Director April 14, 2023 /s/ Zachary Warren Zachary Warren Director April 14, 2023 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Horizon Acquisition Corporation II Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the consolidated accompanying balance sheets of Horizon Acquisition Corporation II (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 of the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by September 30, 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The working capital deficit and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. , New York April 14, 2023 PCAOB Number 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 HORIZON ACQUISITION CORPORATION II CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets: Current assets: Cash Prepaid expenses Total current assets Cash and investments held in Trust Account Total Assets Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit: Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Working capital loans - related parties Total current liabilities Derivative warrant liabilities Deferred underwriting commissions Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; shares at redemption value of per share at December 31, 2022 and shares at redemption value of per share at December 31, 2021 Shareholders Deficit: Preference shares, par value shares authorized issued or outstanding Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; non-redeemable shares issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Shareholders Deficit ) ) Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 HORIZON ACQUISITION CORPORATION II CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Year Ended For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 General and administrative expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income: Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities Interest income Net gain from investments held in Trust Account Net income Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 HORIZON ACQUISITION CORPORATION II CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares Total Total Class A Class B Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Deficit Deficit Balance - December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Balance - December 31, 2021 ) ) Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption ) ) Net income Balance - December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 HORIZON ACQUISITION CORPORATION II CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Year Ended For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities ) ) Net gain from investments held in Trust Account ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Cash withdrawn from Trust Account for Class A ordinary share redemptions Net cash provided by investing activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Redemption of Class A ordinary shares ) Borrowings under working capital loans - related parties Net cash used in financing activities ) Net decrease in cash ) ) Cash - beginning of the period Cash - end of the period The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, inclusive of approximately million in deferred underwriting commissions (Note 6). The underwriter was granted a -day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at per Unit. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option on November 24, 2020 to purchase an additional Units (the Over-Allotment Units ), which closed on November 27, 2020 generating gross proceeds of million (the Over-Allotment and incurring additional offering costs of approximately million in underwriting fees (inclusive of approximately million in deferred underwriting fees). Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at per share, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of approximately million (Note 4), pursuant to the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated October 19, 2020 (the Private Placement Purchase Agreement ), by and between the Company and the Sponsor. The Private Placement Purchase Agreement provided for a second closing (the Second Closing of the Private Placement simultaneously with the closing of the Over-Allotment Units. Accordingly, on November 27, 2020, the Second Closing of the Private Placement was consummated, resulting in the purchase of an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants by the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of million. Trust Account Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Over-Allotment, and the Private Placements, a total of million per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and Over-Allotment, and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in a trust account Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act having a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. On August 12, 2022, the Company instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to cease holding securities in the Trust Account, to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash (i.e., in one or more bank accounts) until the earlier of consummation of a Business Combination and liquidation of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the funds held in the Trust Account are held solely in cash (i.e., one or more bank accounts). See Note 2. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time the Company signs a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target business or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The Company will provide the holders of the Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). These Public Shares have been recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which was adopted by the Company upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (as amended in October 2022, the Articles ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transactions is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a public shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the holders of the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) prior to the Initial Public Offering (the Initial Shareholders have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the Initial Shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the Company has agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial Business Combination without the prior consent of the Sponsor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company s Articles provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company. The Company s Sponsor, officers, directors and director nominees agreed not to propose an amendment to the Company s Articles (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow the redemption of its Public Shares in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (as extended as described below), or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provided the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 Class A ordinary shares for their respective portions of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, (approximately per redeemed share) was transferred from the Trust Account to pay such holders. See Note 6. Giving effect to the redemptions, the Company has Class A ordinary shares outstanding and on deposit in the Company s Trust Account at December 31, 2022. of such Class A ordinary shares are held by the Company s Sponsor, and its affiliates. After accounting for the redemptions made in connection with the Charter Amendment, the Sponsor and its affiliates will hold a number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares sufficient to vote to approve the Proposed Business Combination described in the section below titled Proposed Business Combination. The Sponsor and certain of its affiliates have agreed to vote in favor of the Business Combination under a support and non-redemption agreement entered into in connection with the BCA (as defined below). Such obligation is subject to certain conditions. The consummation of the Business Combination is subject to certain conditions under the BCA. Public Shareholders will have redemption rights in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination in addition to those in connection with the Charter Amendment. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Business Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. In connection with the redemption of of the Company s outstanding Public Shares for a portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, each holder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s taxes payable (less taxes payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses). 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. There can be no guarantee that the Company will be successful in obtaining such waivers from its targeted vendors and service providers. Proposed Business Combination On October 11, 2022, the Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the BCA ), pursuant to which it will engage in a Business Combination with Epic Aero, Inc., a Delaware corporation Epic (the Potential Business Combination ). Epic owns and operates the private aviation business known as Flexjet, among other business activities. The public company ultimately resulting from the completion of the Potential Business Combination will be Flexjet, Inc. Flexjet ). Flexjet will have class of common stock, par value per share (the Flexjet Common Stock ), outstanding at the closing of the Potential Business Combination (the Closing ). The BCA, and certain related agreements the Company entered into concurrently have and are more fully described and filed with a Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on October 11, 2022. The Potential Business Combination values Flexjet at a pro forma enterprise value of approximately billion. At the Closing and assuming full (i) non-redemption of the million of the Public Shares held by the Sponsor and (ii) utilization of up to million investment provided by Eldridge Industries, LLC Eldridge pursuant to the Back-Stop Letter Agreement entered into concurrently with the BCA, as amended on December 16, 2022, existing Flexjet shareholders (which includes affiliates of Eldridge who are current investors in Flexjet) are expected to own of Flexjet. In the event there are fewer redemptions from the Company s Trust Account, such ownership percentage would be reduced by existing Public Shareholders. The parties to the BCA are: the Company; Epic; OTH Merger Sub 1, LLC a Delaware limited liability company Merger Sub 1 and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company formed in connection with the BCA; Flexjet; and Flexjet Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Merger Sub 2 and a wholly owned subsidiary of Flexjet formed in connection with the BCA (each herein referred to as a Party ). Epic Fairgrave, Inc., a Delaware corporation, became a Party to the BCA by joinder dated February 21, 2023. The obligations of the parties to the BCA to consummate the Potential Business Combination are subject to certain closing conditions, including (i) the requisite approvals of the Company s shareholders, (ii) the requisite approvals of the target s stockholders, (iii) the filing of a registration statement registering the Flexjet Common Stock issuable in the Potential Business Combination (the Registration Statement and the Registration Statement becoming effective under the Securities Act, (iv) the Flexjet Common Stock being approved for listing on a national exchange, (v) the amount of Available SPAC Cash (as defined in the BCA) being at least , (vi) the consummation of certain pre-Closing acquisition and disposition transactions by Epic and (vii) performance of each parties covenants to be performed under the BCA in all material respects. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 of cash held outside of the Trust Account and a working capital deficit of approximately million inclusive of a million Working Capital Loan. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement, the Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied with the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. In addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor may, but is not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (see Note 5). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and , respectively, were outstanding under Working Capital Loans. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 million from the Sponsor and an affiliate thereof (Vista Portfolio Trust, LLC). The Working Capital Loans made by each lender are each evidenced by a promissory note (each, a Convertible Note ). The Company expects to use the proceeds of the Working Capital Loans to fund working capital deficiencies and to finance transaction costs in connection with the Potential Business Combination (as to which there can be no assurance). The Convertible Notes do not bear interest. The Convertible Notes are unsecured obligations and are payable from assets of our Company other than our Trust Account. Each Convertible Note provides that the holder waives recourse to the Trust Account. The principal balance of each Convertible Note is payable on the earlier of (i) the date on which we consummate our initial business combination and (ii) the date on which we liquidate the Trust Account upon the failure by us to consummate an initial business combination within the Business Combination Period. The holder of each Convertible Note has the option to convert all or any portion of the principal outstanding under such Convertible Note into warrants at a conversion price of per warrant. However, the maximum principal amount that may be converted, as to both Convertible Notes and all other notes evidencing Working Capital Loans, is million or such greater dollar amount as may be agreed to by the Company, with such approvals as may be necessary or advisable. The warrants into which the Convertible Notes may be converted will be substantially identical to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants issued by the Company in connection with its initial public offering. Such terms entitle the holder of a warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share of the Company for . The Company has until September 30, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the Company s board of Directors) to consummate a business combination and it is uncertain that the Company will be able to by this time. If a business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. Over this time period, the Company will be using the funds outside of the Trust Account and Working Capital Loans for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 or 2021. , and investments held in Trust Account. The Company s investments held in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2021 were comprised of investments in U.S. Treasury securities with an original maturity of 185 days or less or investments in a money market funds that comprise only U.S. treasury securities money market funds. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have an adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 and shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Under ASC 480-10-S99, the Company has elected to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. Immediately upon the closing of the IPO and Over-Allotment, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount. The change in the carrying value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. Subsequently, the Company recognized changes in the redemption value as an increase in the redemption value of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as reflected on the accompanying statements of changes in shareholders deficit. unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2022. The Company s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company s only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. There is currently no taxation imposed on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman Islands income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events. Accretion associated with the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. The following table presents a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used to compute basic and diluted net income per share for each class of ordinary shares. Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, inclusive of approximately million in deferred underwriting commissions. The Sponsor purchased Units (the Sponsor IPO Units at the Initial Public Offering price. The underwriters did not receive any underwriting discounts or commissions on the Sponsor IPO Units. The underwriters were granted a -day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at per Unit. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option on November 24, 2020 to purchase an additional Units (the Over-Allotment Units ), which closed on November 27, 2020 generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring additional offering costs of approximately million in underwriting fees (inclusive of approximately million in deferred underwriting fees). Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and one-third of redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor, each exercisable to purchase Class A ordinary share at per share, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of approximately million. On November 27, 2020, the Second Closing of the Private Placement was consummated, resulting in the purchase of an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants by the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of million. Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for whole Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Business Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants are non-redeemable except as described below in Note 7 and are exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until after the completion of the initial Business Combination. for certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares ). The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to Class B ordinary shares, par value (the Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares will represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the IPO. On October 22, 2020, in connection with the issuance of the Sponsor IPO Units, the Sponsor surrendered Founder Shares to the Company for consideration, thus reducing the amount of Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to Class B ordinary shares. As a result of the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, and the remainder of the over-allotment units expiring unexercised, on December 3, 2020, Class B ordinary shares were automatically surrendered by the Sponsor for consideration. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, remaining Class B ordinary shares were subject to forfeiture. The Initial Shareholders agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier if, subsequent to the initial Business Combination, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, capitalization of shares, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after the initial Business Combination, and (B) the date following the completion of the initial Business Combination on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Working Capital Loans - Related Parties In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 million from the Sponsor and an affiliate thereof (Vista Portfolio Trust, LLC). The Working Capital Loans made by each lender are each evidenced by a promissory note (each, a Convertible Note ). The Company expects to use the proceeds of the Working Capital Loans to fund working capital deficiencies and to finance transaction costs in connection with a potential Business Combination (as to which there can be no assurance). The Convertible Notes are unsecured obligations of the Company. They are payable from assets of the Company other than the Company s Trust Account. Each Convertible Note provides that the holder waives recourse to the Trust Account. The principal balance of each Convertible Note is payable on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination and (ii) the date on which the Company liquidates the Trust Account upon the failure of the Company to consummate its initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period. Such time period currently ends on September 30, 2023 (or such earlier date as is determined by the Company s Board of Directors), as the Company s proposal to extend the time period and was approved by the Company s shareholders on October 17, 2022. The Convertible Notes do not bear interest. The holder of each Convertible Note has the option to convert all or any portion of the principal outstanding under such Convertible Note into warrants at a conversion price of per warrant. However, the maximum principal amount that may be converted, as to both Convertible Notes and all other notes evidencing Working Capital Loans, is million or such greater dollar amount as may be agreed to by the Company, with such approvals as may be necessary or advisable. The warrants into which the Convertible Notes may be converted will be substantially identical to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants. Such terms entitle the holder of a warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share of the Company for . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and , respectively, in borrowings under Working Capital Loans. Administrative Services Agreement The Company agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month, commencing on the date of listing on the NYSE, for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the management team. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. From the date the securities were first listed on the NYSE through December 31, 2022, the Sponsor waived this fee. In addition, the Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on the Company s behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors will review on a quarterly basis all payments that are made by the Company to the Sponsor, officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial Business Combination will be made from funds held outside the Trust Account. Exchange Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the BCA, Flexjet, Directional Capital LLC Directional and the Sponsor entered into an exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement ). Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement the Sponsor agreed to tender its shares of Flexjet Class B common stock received in connection with the redomestication of Horizon as a Delaware company in exchange for shares of Flexjet Class A common stock and warrants to purchase shares of Flexjet Class A common stock (the Exchange ). As part of the Exchange, Flexjet agreed to issue (i) warrants to purchase shares of Flexjet Class A Common Stock, at an exercise price of per share, (ii) warrants to purchase shares of Flexjet Class A Common Stock, at an exercise price of per share, and (iii) shares of Flexjet Class A Common Stock, in each case, half of which such warrants and shares will be issued to Sponsor and half to Directional as part of the business combination transaction. Sponsor Support Agreement In connection with the execution of the BCA, the Company s Sponsor entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement and Non-Redemption Agreement in which the Sponsor agreed, among other things, to: (i) waive its anti-dilution rights with respect to the Company s shares it holds; (ii) vote at any meeting of Horizon s shareholders, and in any action by written consent of the Company s shareholders, all of its shares in favor of the adoption and approval of the BCA, the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Redomestication and the Business Combination Merger, and the other approvals contemplated to be sought with respect thereto; (iii) be bound by certain other covenants and agreements related to the Business Combination; (iv) be bound by certain transfer restrictions with respect to its Horizon Stock and Horizon Warrants; and (v) not redeem any of its shares in the Company or Warrants held by Sponsor in connection with the Business Combination, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Sponsor Support and Non-redemption Agreement. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 shares of Flexjet Common Stock at per share for an aggregate purchase price equal to the aggregate amount payable with respect to all redemptions made by the Company s Public Shareholders in connection with the Business Combination up to (the Eldridge Back-Stop Amount ), reduced by the amount, if any, by which the Eldridge Back-Stop Amount plus the aggregate subscriptions for purchases of shares of Flexjet Common Stock in any PIPE Investment made by persons other than Eldridge Equity holders would exceed in the aggregate. Flexjet will pay to Eldridge a fee equal to of the actual Eldridge Back-Stop Amount that is funded at the Closing as consideration for providing the backstop. -day option from October 16, 2020, the date of the final prospectus, related to the Initial Public Offering, to purchase up to additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On November 27, 2020, the Company issued an additional of Units at the Initial Public Offering price at per Unit pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of per unit (excluding the Sponsor IPO Units), or million, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, per unit (excluding the Affiliated Units), or million will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. In connection with the consummation of the sale of Units pursuant to the over-allotment option on November 27, 2020, the underwriters were entitled to an additional fee of approximately million upon closing inclusive of deferred underwriting commissions of approximately million. Contingent Fee Arrangement The Company has entered into fee arrangements with an advisor in connection with the Company s search for a prospective initial Business Combination. A portion of the fees in connection with the services rendered as of December 31, 2022, amounting to approximately only become due and payable upon the closing of an initial Business Combination, and therefore not included as liabilities on the accompanying balance sheets. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 and Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, respectively, outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Initial Shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of Class A ordinary shares during the -trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price See Redemption of warrants when the price per class A ordinary share equals or exceeds and Redemption of warrants when the price per class A ordinary share equals or exceeds as described below). The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except (i) that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions, (ii) except as described below, the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the Sponsor or such its permitted transferees and (iii) the Sponsor or its permitted transferees will have the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis and have certain registration rights. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds : Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the outstanding warrants for redemption (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted) for any trading days within a - trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 The Company will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the -day redemption period. Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds : Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the outstanding warrants for redemption (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): in whole and not in part; at per warrant upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of Class A ordinary shares to be determined by reference to an agreed table based on the redemption date and the fair market value of Class A ordinary shares; if, and only if, the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted) for any trading days within the - trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 trading days within a - trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than per share (as adjusted), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 
 The fair market value of Class A ordinary shares for the above purpose shall mean the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares during the trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Business Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and Class A ordinary shares outstanding, respectively, which were all subject to possible redemption and are classified within temporary equity in the consolidated balance sheets. In connection with the approval of the Charter Amendment, Public Shareholders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares had the right to request the Company to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. Public shareholders exercised that right with respect to Class A ordinary shares for their respective portions of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, approximately (approximately per redeemed share) was transferred from the Trust Account to pay such holders. The Class A ordinary shares issued in the Initial Public Offering and issued as part of the Over-Allotment Units were recognized in Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption within temporary equity as follows: Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants ) Class A ordinary shares offering costs ) Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021 Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Class A ordinary shares redemption ) Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 preference shares with a par value of per share with such designations, voting, and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, respectively, all subject to possible redemption, and therefore classified as temporary equity on the consolidated balance sheets. Class B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares outstanding, and shares were subject to forfeiture. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders and holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders except as required by law; provided that only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior to or in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the consummation of the initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by Public Shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. Derivative warrant liabilities - Private Placement Warrants December 31, 2021 

Quoted Prices in Active Significant Other Significant Other Markets Observable Inputs Unobservable Inputs Description (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Assets Investments held in Trust Account Liabilities Derivative warrant liabilities - Public Warrants Derivative warrant liabilities - Private Placement Warrants Level 1 assets at December 31, 2021 include investments in money market funds that invest in government securities. The Company uses inputs such as actual trade data, benchmark yields, quoted market prices from dealers or brokers, and other similar sources to determine the fair value of its investments. There were assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022. The Public Warrants are measured based on the listed market price of such warrants, a Level 1 measurement. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants was initially measured using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Beginning as of September 30, 2021, the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants has been measured based on the listed market price of the Public Warrants. Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Private Placement Warrants were Level 2 instruments due to being measured using an observable market quote for a similar asset in an active market. There were transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively, presented as change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. from Flint Rock Portfolio Trust, LLC, an affiliate of the Sponsor. The Working Capital Loans made by the lender is evidenced by a promissory note (the 2023 Note ). The Company expects to use the proceeds of the Working Capital Loans to fund working capital deficiencies and to finance transaction costs in connection with the Potential Business Combination (as to which there can be no assurance). The 2023 Note does not bear interest. The 2023 Note is an unsecured obligation and is payable from assets of our Company other than our Trust Account. The 2023 Note provides that the holder waives recourse to the Trust Account. The principal balance of the 2023 Note is payable on the earlier of (i) the date on which we consummate our initial business combination and (ii) the date on which we liquidate the Trust Account upon the failure by us to consummate an initial business combination within the Business Combination Period. The holder of the 2023 Note has the option to convert all or any portion of the principal outstanding under such 2023 Note into warrants at a conversion price of per warrant. However, the maximum principal amount that may be converted, as to the 2023 Note and all other notes evidencing Working Capital Loans, is million or such greater dollar amount as may be agreed to by the Company, with such approvals as may be necessary or advisable. The warrants into which the 2023 Note may be converted will be substantially identical to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants issued by the Company in connection with its initial public offering. Such terms entitle the holder of a warrant to purchase Class A ordinary share of the Company for . Termination of the BCA On April 11, 2023, pursuant to Section 10.1 of the BCA, Horizon, Epic, and Epic Fairgrave, Inc. entered into a Termination Agreement (the Termination Agreement to terminate the BCA and abandon the transactions contemplated by the BCA (together, the Termination ). The Termination Agreement also terminates and makes void the Ancillary Agreements (as defined in the BCA). Additionally, the Termination Agreement provides for a mutual release of claims among the parties and their affiliates. As a result of the Termination, the BCA is of no further force and effect, with the exception of specified provisions in Section 10.2 of the BCA and the confidentiality provisions of the Ancillary Agreements, each of which shall survive the termination of the BCA and remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms. As a condition to the effectiveness of the Termination and the other matters contemplated by the Termination Agreement, Epic is required to pay Horizon a termination payment (the Termination Payment of . The Termination Payment must be paid no later than five business days after the execution of the Termination Agreement. The Termination and the other transactions contemplated by the Termination Agreement are effective upon the Company s receipt of the Termination Payment. If the Termination Payment is not paid within five business days, Horizon has the right to terminate the Termination Agreement. If Horizon elects to terminate the Termination Agreement, the Termination and other transactions contemplated by the Termination Agreement shall not occur, and the BCA and each Ancillary Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. As a result of the Termination Payment and after satisfying its liabilities for expenses and Working Capital Loans, Horizon expects to redeem all of its outstanding Class A ordinary shares for a redemption price of approximately per share (the Redemption Amount ). This is an expected increase of approximately per share over the current per share amount in the Trust Account (which current amount does not reflect any deductions for liabilities). In view of the Business Combination Period in the Articles (September 30, 2023), Horizon will not be able to pursue an alternative business combination, and it therefore intends to liquidate as promptly as practicable and to return funds to holders of its Class A ordinary shares. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 of the Class A ordinary shares and of the Class B ordinary shares. Our sponsor has waived its redemption rights with respect to the Class B ordinary shares and will not receive any portion of the final distribution amount. Horizon s public warrants and private placement warrants are exercisable only from and after the closing of a business combination, so they will expire unexercised. 
 F-24 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 hzon-20221231xex10d8.htm
 EX-10.8

Exhibit 10.8 Execution Version FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE ELDRIDGE BACK-STOP LETTER AGREEMENT This FIRST AMENDMENT (this Amendment to the Eldridge Back-Stop Letter Agreement (the Back-Stop Letter ), dated as of October 11, 2022, by and between Flexjet, Inc., a Delaware corporation Flexjet ), and Eldridge Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Eldridge ), is entered into as of December 16, 2022 by and between Flexjet and Eldridge. Each of Flexjet and Eldridge may be referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties . RECITALS WHEREAS , pursuant to Section 4(d) of the Back-Stop Letter, the Parties desire to amend the Back-Stop Letter as set forth in this Amendment, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment. NOW , THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and the mutual promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions . Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Back-Stop Letter. 2. Amendments . A. The second paragraph of the preamble to the Back-Stop Letter is hereby amended and replaced in its entirety with the following: On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this letter agreement (as amended, this Agreement ), Eldridge hereby commits and agrees to execute and deliver, or to cause one of its Affiliates to execute and deliver, a Subscription Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (or such other form as is contemplated by Section 1 , the Subscription Agreement pursuant to which it shall purchase shares of Flexjet Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the shares of Flexjet Common Stock to be purchased by Eldridge or its Affiliate under the Subscription Agreement, the Eldridge Subscribed Stock ), at a purchase price of 10.00 per share of Flexjet Common Stock, for an aggregate purchase price equal to the aggregate amount payable with respect to all SPAC Share Redemptions up to 149,000,000 (the Back-Stop Amount ). The Back-Stop Amount shall be reduced dollar-for-dollar to the extent the sum of (x) the aggregate amount of subscriptions for shares of Flexjet Common Stock made by additional PIPE Investors other than Eldridge or any of its Affiliates after the date hereof and (y) the Back-Stop Amount would exceed 279,000,000 in the aggregate. Eldridge shall not, under any circumstances, be obligated to purchase, or to cause any of its Affiliates to purchase, any shares of Flexjet Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price in excess of 149,000,000 in connection with this Agreement. B. The first sentence of Section 2 (Back-Stop Commitment Fee) of the Back-Stop Letter is hereby amended and replaced in its entirety with the following: As consideration for the obligation of Eldridge hereunder to enter into the Subscription Agreement and to purchase the Eldridge Subscribed Stock at the Closing thereunder, Flexjet agrees to pay to Eldridge at the Closing a fee equal to 3 of the Back-Stop Amount actually funded by 

Eldridge or its Affiliates under the Subscription Agreement (such fee amount not to exceed 4,350,000 in the aggregate) (the Back-Stop Commitment Fee ). 3. Miscellaneous . A. Miscellaneous . The terms and conditions set forth in Sections 4(b) through (e) of the Back-Stop Letter are hereby incorporated by reference, mutatis mutandis , to this Amendment. B. Remaining Provisions . Except as expressly amended hereby, the terms, conditions and other provisions of the Back-Stop Letter shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms. All references to the Back-Stop Letter in this or any other document shall be deemed to mean the Back-Stop Letter as modified by the terms of this Amendment. C. Entire Agreement; Conflict . As between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, (i) this Amendment and the Back-Stop Letter represent the entire agreement between the Parties and supersedes any previous agreement or understanding and (ii) in the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of this Amendment and the terms of the Back-Stop Letter, the terms of this Amendment shall control. [ Signature Pages Follow ] 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each Party hereto has caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first written above. FLEXJET, INC. By: /s/ Kenneth C. Ricci Name: Kenneth C. Ricci Title: President and Chairman 
 Signature Page to First Amendment to Eldridge Back-Stop Letter Agreement 

ELDRIDGE INDUSTRIES, LLC By: /s/ Todd L. Boehly Name: Todd L. Boehly Title Chief Executive Officer 
 Signature Page to First Amendment to Eldridge Back-Stop Letter Agreement 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 hzon-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED I, Todd L. Boehly, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Horizon Acquisition Corporation II; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. Date: April 14, 2023 By: /s/ Todd L. Boehly Name: Todd L. Boehly Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 hzon-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) In connection with the Annual Report of Horizon Acquisition Corporation II (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Todd L. Boehly, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: April 14, 2023 

By: /s/ Todd L. Boehly Name: Todd L. Boehly Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 hzon-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 hzon-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 hzon-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 hzon-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

