<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1769804_0001213900-23-030004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6006762</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>323873</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1233454</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1264676</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1569372</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1476196</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030004.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417063422
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Augmedix, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001769804
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				833299164
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40890
		FILM NUMBER:		23822771

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 SUTTER STREET, SUITE 1300
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISC
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-989-2208

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 SUTTER STREET, SUITE 1300
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISC
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Malo Holdings Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190305

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030004.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_augmedixinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____ to _____ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
has submitted electronically; every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.0405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant
recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022), was approximately million. Solely for purposes of this disclosure, shares of common stock held by
executive officers and directors of the Registrant as of such date have been excluded because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates.
This determination of executive officers and directors as affiliates is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purposes. 

There were shares
of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of March 20, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement
for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. Such proxy
statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the registrant s fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 43 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 43 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 

PART II 
 44 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 44 
 
 Item 6. 
 RESERVED 
 45 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 45 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 57 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 57 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 58 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 58 

PART III 
 59 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 59 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 59 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 59 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 59 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 59 

PART IV 
 60 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 60 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 62 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report, including the
sections entitled Risk Factors , Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations and Business , includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). Forward-looking statements relate to, among others, our plans, objectives and expectations for our business, operations and
financial performance and condition, and can be identified by terminology such as may, should, expect, 
 intend, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, 
 will, could, project, target, potential, continue 
and similar expressions that do not relate solely to historical matters. Forward-looking statements are based on management s belief
and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in forward-looking
statements are reasonable, such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual
results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

anticipated
trends, growth rates, and challenges in our business and in the markets in which we operate; 

our
estimates regarding future revenues, capital requirements and our need for or ability to obtain additional financing to fund our operations; 

our ability to further penetrate our existing
 customer base; 

our ability to attract and retain key personnel; 

developments and projections relating to our competitors and
our industry, including competing dictation software providers, third-party, non-real time medical note generators and real time medical
note documentation services; 

the competition to attract and retain MDSs (as defined below); 

Our
ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property protection and the scope and duration of such protection; 

our
expectations regarding changes in regulatory requirements; 

the
impact of current and future laws and regulations; 

the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations and future growth prospects; and 

other
risks and uncertainties, including those listed under the caption Risk Factors. 

ii 

We have based these forward-looking
statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial
condition, operating results, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including those described in the section
titled Risk Factors. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from
time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business
or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely
from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 

You should not rely upon
forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may
not be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot
guarantee future results, performance, or achievements. We undertake no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements for
any reason after the date of this Annual Report or to conform these statements to actual results or revised expectations, except as required
by law. 

You should read this Annual
Report and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report as exhibits with the understanding that our actual future results, performance,
and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 

Summary Risk Factors 

Investing in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other
information in this report, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report,
before making an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and
uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that materially
and adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business operations, financial condition, operating
results, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. The market price of our securities could decline due to the materialization
of these or any other risks, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 

We
have incurred significant losses in the past and will experience losses in the future. 

We
may not have sufficient cash available to make interest or principal payments on our indebtedness when due, and we may be unable to find
additional sources of capital to fund our operations. 

Our
revenue is concentrated with a small number of customers. 

Our
product depends on our ability to operate within the EHR (as defined below) systems of our customers, and if we are unable to access
these systems, then our operations and business and operating results could be harmed. 

If
we fail to successfully develop and introduce new products and features to existing products or fail to increase the automation of our
existing products, our revenues, operating results and reputation could suffer. 

Our
revenues are dependent on our ability to maintain and expand existing customer relationships and our ability to attract new customers. 

We have
 competitors who are much larger than we are, have more financial resources, and have a more recognizable brand, all of which may
 make it hard for us to maintain and execute our growth strategy. 

Our
significant international operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our business results of operations and
financial condition. 

If we fail to increase market awareness of our brand and products, expand our sales and marketing operations, improve our sales execution, and increase our sales channels, our business could be harmed. 

Due
to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have taken certain precautions to keep our MDSs (as defined below) and employees safe that could harm our
business. 

We
may require additional capital to support our business growth, and such capital may not be available. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Our Mission 

Augmedix is on a mission
to help clinicians and patients form a human connection at the point of care without the intrusion of technology. Augmedix s products
relieve clinicians of administrative burden, in turn, reducing burnout and increasing both clinician and patient satisfaction. 

Overview 

The medical note documentation
burden in the United States is significant and is a major contributor to physician burnout. According to a 2019 study in the Annals of
Internal Medicine, physician burnout costs the U.S. healthcare industry 4.6 billion per year due to lost productivity and higher turnover,
with the cost of replacing a single physician estimated to be between 100,000 and 1 million. It also is adversely impacting industry
productivity because the considerable amount of time physicians spend on documentation could be better utilized seeing more patients. 

Physicians and health systems
in the United States often turn to 3 rd party service providers and Health IT solutions to alleviate these swelling
documentation burdens. Available solutions range in scope from in-person human scribing services, physically present at the point of care,
to Health IT solutions such as single-party dictation and ambient documentation solutions. We are a provider of ambient documentation
products that are uniquely able to convert the natural conversation between physicians and patients into timely and comprehensive medical
notes. 

Augmedix, Inc. was incorporated
in 2013 and launched its commercial synchronous, remote documentation services in 2014. Clinicians access our applications predominately
through mobile devices such as smartphones, with approximately 5 on Google Glass. Once accessed, the client application provides clinicians
with a secure communication channel to our Notebuilder Platform which contains our note creation software Notebuilder ),
which is utilized by our Medical Documentation Specialists MDSs ). Our note creation software includes proprietary natural
language processing NLP models, large language models LLM(s) and structured data models to generate the
note, with assistance from the MDS. Completed notes are uploaded via integration or manually into the patient s chart in the electronic
health record EHR system. The EHR system (e.g. Epic, Cerner), is third-party software licensed by the healthcare clinic
or system to manage patient charts. 

Patient care in the United
States is principally provided in ambulatory clinics, specialty care centers and hospitals. We serve all these care settings. Roughly
80 of the physicians who subscribe to our service are employed directly by, or are affiliated with, a healthcare enterprise. The remaining
20 consists of group practices and individual practitioners. 

During the fourth quarter of 2022, we delivered over 50,000 notes to
our customers each week. We estimate that our products save clinicians up to two to three hours each day, which is time that they can
redeploy to see more patients or improve their work-life balance. We believe the principal benefits to healthcare enterprises from our
products are increased productivity and higher clinician and patient satisfaction. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and
resulting safety protocols served as a catalyst for the industry s adoption of virtual products such as ours. The pandemic required
modifications to how we deliver our service. While our general business model is for MDSs to work from centralized operating centers,
local shelter-in-place orders and safety restrictions required us to temporarily shift to work-from-home for most employees and contracted
employees for a period of time. Further, we instituted additional administrative, technical and physical controls to ensure compliance
with our privacy practices. In 2022, we started to shift back to central operating centers to the extent that local conditions allowed. 

1 

Our technology vision is
to automate as much of the medical note creation process as possible by combining artificial intelligence technologies, such as automated
speech recognition, natural language processing and large language models, with structured data models. While the unstructured nature
of a conversation between physician and patient creates challenges to fully automating the process, we believe that increasing levels
of automation generate significant benefits, including improved operating efficiencies, higher-quality medical notes, a more uniform level
of note quality and structured medical data. 

Our automation approach is
based upon our belief that harmonizing human interaction with technology generates the highest note quality. We train our MDSs to be experts
at using our technology tools to consistently and efficiently deliver high-quality, structured medical notes. 

Our Industry 

Accurate medical records
are indispensable to quality patient care. The cornerstone of any medical record system is proper recording of a patient s examination
as it occurs. Pen and paper, either in the hands of a physician or an in-person documentation specialist, was the traditional method of
producing medical notes, but in the hands of a caregiver, this method can be both time-consuming and subject to subsequent misinterpretation
due to illegibility or other factors. Misinterpretation of the information can lead to confusion regarding the patient s condition
and/or clinician services provided. Further, there has been a significant increase in the volume of medical information required as well
as an increase in the number of recipients. 

The advent of computerized
record systems as an integral part of the healthcare landscape due to the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health
Act of 2009 HITECH has ushered in a new era of record keeping in which medical records are stored as electronic text and
data that enhances legibility and has the potential to be more thorough. Furthermore, computerized record systems can be instantly accessed
by numerous practitioners at the same time, which has enabled medical practitioners to instantly share medical records with each other
for mutually served patients. 

The enormous resources expended
on medical documentation has burdened the healthcare industry and caused many organizations, as well as individual practitioners, to look
towards third-party service providers and Health IT products. Existing EHR medical record systems are generally cumbersome for practitioners
to use due to their highly structured nature and regimented user interfaces, which can restrict data entry and be quite time-consuming.
Today, we estimate that up to one-third of a doctor s day is consumed by the required and complex interactions with the EHR. This
can lead to many physicians authoring their notes hours or days after the actual patient visit. Physicians also need to invest significant
time to familiarize themselves with the EHR whenever a new EHR is adopted or whenever an update to an existing EHR is introduced. These
issues are compounded by the fragmented nature of the EHR space, with over 500 different EHRs available in the United States, the largest
of which are Epic, Cerner, MEDITECH, and Allscripts. 

The principal legacy tools
and solutions to address the EHR burden are not ideally suited to the changing U.S. healthcare landscape. Automated single-party dictation
tools have evolved such that they convert speech to text, using pure software, with minimal errors. However, these tools demand additional
time by the clinician to pedantically speak word-for-word and convert the relevant aspects of their interactions with patients into a
cogent, accurate, and comprehensive medical note. In-person human scribes, present at the point of care, emerged as a prevalent out-sourced
solution, but the practice of using in-person scribes was severely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which reduced the ability for such
personnel to be physically present. Furthermore, the use of in-person scribes has proven increasingly costly, cumbersome, and difficult
to scale, all of which has been exacerbated by the widespread national shortage of lower wage hourly workers in the U.S. 

2 

Our Opportunity 

We serve the ambulatory/clinical/hospital
segments of the U.S. patient care services market with products that address medical note documentation needs. Our products cater to large
and small healthcare organizations but can also be adopted by individual practitioners. There are approximately 1.1 million physicians
in the United States and approximately 88 of these, or 980,000, work within the specialties that we currently serve. Of these, approximately
30 , or 295,000 (who manage approximately 1.2 billion patient visits annually), fall within the productivity parameters we establish as
the best prospects for realizing the highest productivity gains from utilizing our service. At the 1,800 average monthly subscription
price per clinician of our two products, we believe that our total addressable market in the United States is approximately 6.0 billion
annually. 

Our existing enterprise customers
employ directly, or are affiliated with, approximately 250,000 physicians. We estimate there are about 75,000 addressable physicians within
this group, which translates roughly to over a 1.5 billion opportunity annually. As such, our existing enterprise healthcare customers
represent about 25 of the total U.S. addressable market. 

In addition to physicians
who work in the ambulatory or clinic setting of healthcare centers, there are over 50,000 emergency department physicians in the United
States today. We currently serve clinicians in the emergency departments of large hospitals. Further penetration of this segment would
increase the size of our total addressable market. 

Finally, the documentation
burden and burnout issue reaches beyond the physician to nurses and other care professionals. We are currently exploring products for
nursing which could further expand our total addressable market. 

The Benefits of our Services 

The core value of our service
is relieving the medical note documentation burden placed on clinicians. According to a 2022 Physician Compensation Report and National
Physician Report, it is estimated that clinicians spent one-third of their day on non-revenue generating documentation activity. Our products
enable clinicians to reclaim this time while improving medical documentation and quality measures for reimbursement. We believe our products
lead to higher patient satisfaction, as clinicians can focus their entire attention on their patients instead of having to disrupt the
natural flow of interaction to write, type or dictate the medical note themselves during or after the visit. 

For our Augmedix Live 
(as defined below) customers, we also provide point of care support including care gap reminders, orders and referrals, which enhance
our value proposition and help distinguish us from competing offerings. Care gap reminders are text notifications that we provide to physicians
at the point of care to remind them of clinical matters that should be addressed. Our MDSs source the information for such reminders from
the patient s EHR, which physicians sometimes do not have time to review thoroughly prior to the patient visit. Examples of reminders
include notifications of medication contraindications, vaccinations, or preventive screening tests that are due. 

Our value proposition is
anchored on the time savings we generate for our users. We can save certain clinicians up to three hours per day in paperwork administration,
depending on their patient volume. Our documentation products can increase productivity by up to 20 and clinicians satisfaction
with work-life balance by 49 , according to internal studies and customer satisfaction surveys. We have created a data-driven sales approach
with health systems to evaluate productivity and charting efficiency of all eligible providers. Understanding each individual clinician s
efficiency enables us to clearly identify their potential productivity boost and provide the health system with a credible estimate of
the expected Return on Investment (ROI) at the enterprise level by adopting our products. 

Our products have also demonstrated
their positive effect on improving the top-line of our enterprise customers. Based upon the results of a study we conducted of a representative
cohort of 100 physicians from one of our enterprise customers, our products can be expected to generate an estimated 4.12 million of
net revenue over a 12-month period for every cohort comprised of primary care (63 and specialty (37 clinicians. For these purposes,
we define net revenue as the gross improvement in revenue less the fees paid to Augmedix. The same study showed an average increase in
hourly productivity of 14.8 and 16.1 for primary care physicians and specialists, respectively. We believe the economic benefit from
productivity gains, coupled with increased clinician satisfaction and the inherent tight integration into their workflows, are the primary
drivers behind our high net revenue retention rate, which stood at 126 as of the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

3 

What Sets Us Apart 

Since we developed our concept
of virtual, synchronous medical note documentation from natural physician-patient conversations, several companies have entered the field.
To varying degrees, each offers a product that addresses the documentation burden faced by physicians. We believe that our products are
distinct from these other competitive solutions because our products address every aspect of the documentation burden placed upon clinicians. 

Importantly, we create our
notes from the ambient conversation between physician and patient as the input source for the medical notes we produce through
our platform. This results in the greatest time savings for physicians, as they do not have to expend time on extraneous functions to
transmit the information to us (e.g., they don t have to perform time-consuming verbatim dictations post visit or at the end of
the day). Allowing for a natural physician-patient discussion also results in higher patient satisfaction since physicians are not required
to alter their natural interactions with patients. 

In addition to relying upon
the ambient conversation between physician and patient, we offer both real-time synchronous and asynchronous products. Few competitors
offer both, as synchronous products are highly challenging to develop from a logistical and technical perspective. 

Our Notebuilder Platform
uses a data-driven approach to creating the note by integrating AI software, such as natural language processing and large language models
with structured data models, to create organized, comprehensive medical notes and the related medical data. 

Our product suite ,
which includes a real-time, synchronous product, with 2-way interactivity capabilities, differentiates us from our competitors. Our platform
enables us to offer care gap reminders, orders and referrals, among other services; these offerings are viewed as vitally important by
many physicians. Most competitive solutions emerging on the market offer the basic note, and little more. 

Finally, our operational
and technical flexibility enables us to serve over 35 specialties across more than 50 EHRs in a wide variety of care settings ,
including acute settings. This provides us a significant competitive advantage as this flexibility allows us to accommodate a very wide
range of clinician workflows. Most competitive offerings support a much narrower band of specialties and often underperform in complex
multi-problem visits. Further, few competitive solutions offer support for acute/hospital settings; Augmedix performs very well in the
hospital. 

All of these benefits are
made available to clinicians without the need for them to learn any complicated new technology. Access and use of our services are as
simple as logging into an application on your mobile device. 

Our Products and Business Model 

We provide the following
suite of products, two of which feature complete quality assured, best practices, medical note documentation. We use our proprietary Notebuilder
Platform to automate the note creation process, aided by our trained MDSs. We also provide data services associated with these products
which include aggregated structured data and metadata associated with medical notes that we generate. 

Augmedix
Live. Live provides synchronous medical note documentation and point of care support. Clinicians access the service through mobile
devices, managed by us or their health enterprise. Clinicians predominately choose to use a smartphone as their preferred mobile device. Medical
notes are delivered into the patient s EHR chart for final review by the clinician. MDSs operate as a member of the care team and
engage in two-way communication with the clinician throughout the clinician s shift. MDSs provide pending orders, referral
letters, and care gap reminders regarding clinical matters. This service is offered as a fixed monthly subscription with various tiers
based upon committed monthly clinical hourly support. Tiers may be adjusted periodically to align with any changes to the clinician s
work schedule. 

4 

Augmedix
Notes. Notes provides asynchronous medical documentation based upon previously recorded visits. Clinicians access this product
through a mobile phone managed by us or their health system. We deliver medical notes into the patient s EHR chart for final review
by the clinician within 4 hours or the next business day, depending on contract terms. This product is offered on a monthly subscription
basis at a fixed monthly subscription price or based upon the monthly patient-facing clinic hours per the clinician s schedule.
As our technology continues to advance, the amount of MDS effort needed to complete a medical note will continue to decline, allowing
for one MDS to serve an increasing number of clinicians. 

Augmedix
Prep . Prep provides chart preparation delivered prior to the patient visit. Patient demographics, past medical history, medication
changes and other key data points from the patient s health record are transferred to the current visit note to help the clinician
prepare for the visit. This service is offered at a fixed monthly subscription price and can be fully automated with EHR integration. 

Augmedix Go. Go is a self-service mobile software application currently in beta testing. It provides automated medical documentation based upon recorded visits. Clinicians access this service through a mobile phone. This software product will only be offered to clinicians where their EHR instance has been integrated into our Notebuilder platform. Medical notes are automatically generated from the visit recording. Any missing information or corrections are made by the clinician in the application or within the EHR. We expect to offer Go commercially in 2023. 

Our Competition 

We compete on the basis of
quality of service offered, breadth of services, price, and flexibility in accommodating varying clinician workflows. We believe our competitors
fall into three broad categories. 

Dictation
software providers. Dictation software provides a Do-It-Yourself tool for those clinicians who prefer to create
their own medical notes and would rather speak them word-for-word versus typing. Dictation is the lowest cost product on the market but
also provides the least utility and requires significant time and effort on the part of the clinician. Several of our enterprise customers
also provide their clinicians with dictation tools. Examples include Dragon, an offering of Microsoft Corporation via their acquisition
of Nuance, and Fluency from M-Modal, a subsidiary of 3M Corporation. 

Ambient,
non-real time asynchronous medical note generators. Ambient, non-real time solutions are substantially more
expensive than dictation software but provide more value to clinicians because they more accurately capture and reflect the ambient conversation
between clinician and patient, which they use as their primary input source, and they save the clinician considerably more time. Through
our Notes service, we are a participant in the ambient, non-real time segment of the market. Our Notes product differentiates itself
from other market participants primarily on the basis of note quality, and its flexibility as it relates to the clinician s workflow,
care setting and price. Other market participants include IKS Healthcare, AQuity, Robin Healthcare, Microsoft DAX, Doximity, DeepScribe
and Ambience. 

Ambient,
real time synchronous medical note documentation services. These solutions deliver the most value to physicians
given their timeliness, synchronous nature, and capability to offer additional interactive two-way services. Clinicians can expect to
see considerable time savings by minimizing any downstream editing as any ambiguities that occur during the patient encounter are dealt
with at the time they arise. The largest participant in this sector, ScribeAmerica, provides this service primarily in-person. In-person
solutions have drawbacks, however, including the personnel restrictions that healthcare systems implemented due to COVID-19 pandemic
safety protocols or other factors. Another major challenge is the available supply of qualified candidates to fill the role of documentation
specialist, which is limited to the geographic location of the clinician and can contribute to the relatively high cost of such a delivery
model. Additionally, some patients are uncomfortable in the presence of an unfamiliar non-clinician in the exam room. Our real time product
 Live differentiates itself from in-person providers by leveraging proprietary automation technology that enables a more
uniform level of note quality and delivery of ancillary services on an automated basis, and that utilizes remotely located documentation
specialists. Offering additional interactive products on an automated basis provides us with pricing flexibility as the marginal cost
associated with such products is nominal. AQuity is another participant in this segment. 

5 

Our Growth Strategy 

There are over 1.1 million
physicians in the United States, of which 69 work for, or are affiliated with, a health system. Our current enterprise customer accounts,
together, employ directly, or have affiliations with, a total of approximately 250,000 physicians, of which we currently serve a very
small fraction. Our growth strategy is focused on five areas: 

Expand
our relationship with current large physician group and health system customers. Historically, our growth
has been fueled by reducing physician burnout for high producing physicians. This approach has led to steady growth since our inception.
Our data-driven approach to expand existing accounts identifies physicians whose productivity is below targeted levels as a result of
their documentation burden. We believe proactively identifying these physicians and demonstrating the value of our service will help
accelerate growth within our existing client base. 

Sell
new products in our existing and new health systems. The 2020 launch of Notes will help us expand our relationship
with existing customers as Notes unlocks new segments of clinicians at a lower price point than our Live service. In 2021 we launched
our Emergency Department offering that expands our total addressable market and provides a new entry point into health systems. The planned
launch of Augmedix Go in 2023 will expand our addressable market, help us land new health systems, and help us penetrate our existing
clients faster due to having products at each of the key price points of the largest market segments. We will continue to expand our
offerings where we have data and assets that provide us a competitive advantage. 

Sell
our products to new health systems and large physician groups. Our sales team consistently seeks to identify
health systems and large physician groups that we believe will benefit from our products. We believe that the attributes of potential
customers most suited to our products include physicians that struggle with documentation efficiency, customers that seek to transition
to value-based care, and customers that are in geographic locations where the workforce is not suited to assist physicians with documentation
due to cost, lack of skills, or scarcity of qualified staff. 

Target
sales to small practices and independent physicians. A portion of our potential customers includes small group
practices and individual physicians that are not affiliated with health systems or large physician groups. We aim to contract with these
parties directly for our services using a transactional sales model. 

Leverage
channel partnerships to drive sales. We believe our position in the exam room may be attractive to potential partners
with adjacent offerings. Examples could include data analytics companies working to provide physicians with clinical insights, EHR companies
that are trying to reduce the documentation burden their software creates, pharmaceutical companies that seek physician participation
in clinical trials, practice management companies, and large technology companies. 

Our Technology Platform 

Our Technology Strategy 

Our technology strategy is
focused on ultimately creating a fully automated medical note from the unstructured, ambient conversation between the clinician and patient.
Our service is delivered through the Notebuilder Platform. The mobile applications that we provide to clinicians are familiar and simple
to operate. Clinicians use a mobile device, managed by us or their healthcare enterprise. Each component of our technology platform is
compliant with HIPAA standards as they relate to data security. 

6 

Our platform is remote and
mobile, and, thus, well-suited to support both in person and telemedicine visits. The mobile application used by clinicians can capture
telemedicine visits regardless of the telehealth platform used by the clinician. We render a seamless service experience as the clinician
moves from telephone calls, to video calls, to in person visits. The clinician takes the device with them throughout their shift, ensuring
that the connection between the clinician and our technology platform remains intact during the entire shift. 

Clinician Mobile Applications 

Our products are delivered
through mobile applications that run on Android or iOS devices. The clinician s interface device, typically a Smartphone Phone ),
is used during patient encounters to enable remote secure audio/video feed of the visit. We have separate mobile apps for Live, Notes,
and Go. These applications can be downloaded onto mobile devices managed by us or client healthcare enterprises. All devices managed by
us are locked down to ensure the security and integrity of the device. 

Notebuilder Platform 

Notebuilder is a patent pending
proprietary software that uses Artificial Intelligence AI technologies such as Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR ),
proprietary natural language processing NLP models and large language models LLMs integrated with structured
medical data models to facilitate the note creation process. Additions and corrections are made by the MDS through the Notebuilder web
application. 

We use ASR to create a multi-party
diarized transcript of the ambient conversation and clinician dictation recordings (clinicians sometimes choose to dictate directly to
Augmedix, typically post visit). Augmedix has partnered with Google Cloud to customize a medically tuned set of ASR models that integrate
into the Notebuilder Platform. Additionally, Augmedix has made further enhancements to Google s ASR third-party tools to improve
transcription accuracy and relevance. 

We apply NLP models and LLMs
to the diarized transcript to identify and organize relevant medical entities and content from the diarized transcript. Notebuilder includes
hundreds of constantly adapting structured data blocks and associated medical data sets that are automatically invoked to document acute
and chronic medical problems customized for 18 specialties. Our AI models improve from MDS edits to note suggestions in the production
environment through feedback loops. Notebuilder allows for customizations of note conventions based upon specialty, clinic or clinician
preferences. 

The MDS can direct-message,
via a secure data channel, clarifying questions to the clinician. All stored data is encrypted with AES 256-bit encryption at rest and
TLS in transit. Storage is necessary for note preparation, note completion and quality assurance. 

Notebuilder datasets provide
a wealth of medical data such as symptoms, medications and related side effects, as well as relevant diagnoses and treatment options.
They allow for extraction of metadata for specific cohorts that can be used for coding and/or other data services. 

The clinician applications
and Notebuilder are linked by a common layer of servers that establish HIPAA compliant secure connections and signal handling for streaming
audio/visual feeds and other data interactions. The visit is live streamed for the Live service and recorded for playback in the Notes
service. Communication to and from our platform is encrypted end-to-end and aligned with HIPAA regulations. Each streaming server is load
balanced and has redundant capacity to ensure 100 fault tolerance. We provide periodic updates to the platform. If applicable, clinician-patient
conversation audio files are stored in HIPAA-secure disk/block storage based on appropriate data retention policies. 

Completed notes are transferred
to the patient chart within the client s EHR either automatically via integration or manually for clinician review and sign-off.
We have built EHR adapters that integrate Notebuilder with client based EHR instances to pull relevant medical data from the patient chart
into the medical note for the current visit or to insert the completed medical note into the patient s chart. We have integrations
for Athena and certain instances of Epic. 

7 

Data Channel 

A dedicated data channel is required to cover critical communication
between the Notebuilder Platform and clinician applications. The channel is constructed such that messages between the clinician and MDS
happen in a room like a typical chat room. The conversations usually include typical routine IMs, signals, and switches
to activate, deactivate or change the state of certain components running in our mobile applications and Notebuilder. 

Data 

All web and clinician applications
store data inside HIPAA-secure databases. The databases also store administrative information relating to clinicians and MDSs. We temporarily
store audio and text data on the HIPAA-secure servers to accommodate operational processes including training, quality assurance, and
production work. We store certain data for longer time periods and maintain a database of de-identified data to train our AI models. We
also maintain a database of metadata based on Notebuilder selections. Such data is used to improve our products, particularly furthering
automation and efficiency, and provide enhanced services to our customers. 

Scalability and Uptime 

Our streaming servers with
redundant capacity are placed in different availability zones to ensure fault tolerance. All servers are located in the United States.
All requests to streaming endpoints are load balanced and served in a round-robin approach. Using the proprietary Augmedix over-the-air
portal, we can selectively push Android OS updates to specific devices. We use enterprise level device management software to maintain
and manage our mobile devices. New features, improvements, bug fixes made to our MDS applications, can be released separately/independently
to production servers through a planned and well-documented process. 

We use state-of-the-art, HIPAA-secure cloud infrastructure to host
all of our production applications, web services, data-channels, audio-video streaming platforms, databases, and data processing servers
for AI/ML. We use a WebRTC platform to enable highly secure audio and video for our service. 

Our Operations 

Our Medical Documentation Specialists 

Our products are supported
by highly trained MDSs, who use Notebuilder to deliver clinically comprehensive medical notes into the customer s EHR system. Our
MDSs use dedicated secure terminals to access the tools within the Notebuilder Platform to create the medical note. They use Notebuilder
to observe clinician-patient visit audio/video feeds, view the automatically generated NLP-annotated transcripts, and efficiently complete
the medical note documentation. Completed medical notes are uploaded manually or automatically into the patient s chart in the EHR
for clinician review and approval. 

8 

Our MDSs are well educated,
most at the university level and many are recruited straight out of university. Many have Biology majors, but we also recruit from various
other disciplines. We also recruit from a large, established pool of medical transcriptionists in India. The MDS position can be a very
attractive alternative to medical transcription, as that industry is contracting due to advancements in speech-to-text technology. 

All our MDSs pass our mandatory
intensive training program prior to working with our clinicians. Our proprietary training modules are trainer-led and include medical
visit basics, visit videos, medical documentation standards and requirements, and practice sessions using Notebuilder. The training program
for new MDSs takes approximately three months for international trainees to complete and includes strict testing and grade achievement
standards. We also provide specialty training for over 20 specialties. We support many specialties in clinic and hospital settings and
are continuing to build our specialty training library. 

Our Live service is provided
during the clinician s shift. Our MDSs serve as an extension of the care team and are assigned to clinicians based on specialty.
Typically, one MDS will accompany a clinician for the duration of that clinician s shift. 

Our Notes service takes place
after the patient visit. Clinician-patient interactions are recorded, and transcripts are processed after the visit. NLP is applied to
the transcript to generate a note which is reviewed by an MDS who can make edits to complete and upload the note into the EHR. Completed
notes are delivered within 4 hours or before the clinician resumes his/her next shift depending upon the contract terms. The task of creating
a medical note from a recording is less challenging than doing so in real time. Moreover, and in particular, with the benefit of Notebuilder,
an MDS is able to handle the notes for more than one clinician during his/her shift. 

Our Operation Centers 

We provide service from ten
MDS Operations Centers across four countries the US, Bangladesh, India and Sri Lanka. There are seven centers in India, six of
which are owned and operated by four independent third parties (the MDS Vendors and one of which is wholly owned and operated
by Augmedix. There is one center in Sri Lanka that is owned and operated by an independent third party. The centers in the US and Bangladesh
are wholly owned and operated by us. Now that the COVID-19 pandemic is receding, a smaller percentage of our worldwide MDSs are currently
working from home. 

Our strategy is to diversify
geographical risk by operating out of several operating centers located in various cities throughout Asia, with a smaller operation within
the US. The US operation accounts for a small fraction of our global MDS workforce, and we expect that it won t exceed 10 of the
global total for the foreseeable future. Some of our US MDSs are part time, while others are full-time. 

Our Bangladesh operation
is our largest and fastest growing center. It served about 38 of our clinicians as of December 31, 2022. We expect to have over 40 of
our clinicians serviced out of Bangladesh by the end of 2023. This is to enable greater control over a larger percentage of our operations,
to mitigate concentration risk among existing MDS Vendors, and leverage its lower cost structure. 

All MDS Vendors are currently
paid based upon an hourly rate and the number of assigned contracted clinician hours. This payment arrangement represents a substantial
change from the previous model that operated through the first half of 2020 wherein MDS Vendors included additional upfront flat fees
for each MDS passing our training and certification requirements. Under the current arrangement, effective for all MDS Vendors as of July
2020, the hourly rate paid to each Vendor reflects the amortized cost of training and certifications. 

9 

Our Bangladeshi and Indian
MDS are our employees and are paid a fixed monthly salary. In addition to MDSs, our Bangladesh offices include engineering, customer support,
human resources, global information technology, compliance, finance and accounting, and general operational management, among other personnel.
All our Bangladesh-based employees receive complimentary benefits such as healthcare, and when working from our offices, meals and private
transportation to their homes after certain hours, among others. We believe the compensation we provide our Bangladeshi employees is competitive
in the local market for US-based employers. 

Our Customers 

Our
customers are diverse in size, geography, and specialty. Our clients include some of the largest health systems and specialty groups in
the United States, including Sutter Health, Dignity Health, US Oncology, TriHealth, Northern Light, and UCSF, among others. Approximately
80 of the physicians we serve are members of large health systems, while the remaining 20 are from independent practices or physician
groups. We have a relatively high concentration of physicians served among our enterprise customers, with one client accounting for 14 
of clinicians in service, and two clients accounting for 12 each, while the remaining physicians served are spread across 13 other health
systems. We generated revenue from customers in 41 different states in 2022, the largest concentration being in California. Within our
customer base, we currently serve 35 specialties, the largest of which is primary care at 41 of total physicians served. Our systems
are compatible with 50+ different EHRs. The top four account for 76 of all our physicians served, with Epic at 38 , Cerner at 26 , iKnowMed
at 8 , and APeX at 4 . 

Areas of expansion within
our existing enterprise customers include deeper penetration of the locations where we already serve physicians, coverage of new specialties,
and entering new care locations. We define success with our clients according to two key criteria: increased productivity and physician
satisfaction. With clients that follow our best practices framework and share data with us, we focus on time savings and productivity
increases. 

The primary drivers of a
physician s productivity are patient volume, the appropriate and completeness of the documentation describing the services rendered
during the patient visit, and the efficiency with which such services were performed. We believe that the aggregate increase in productivity
across its physician base drives the health system s overall financial performance and the ROI potential of our services. 

Some examples of the value
our users see are captured in the following case studies: 

Case Study #1 : Dr. Hengbing Wang 

Augmedix allows me to have more time
communicating with patients, clinical staff and other physicians. The quality of care goes up with more communications. 

HIGHLIGHTS 

Dr. Wang now sees at least 15 more patients 

Dr. Wang now has the capacity to see urgent oncology referrals 

ABOUT 

Dr. Hengbing Wang is a clinician
specializing in hematology and medical oncology at Cancer Treatment Infusion Center, a part of Adventist Health in Ukiah, California.
The center offers a wide range of cancer treatments, including the most advanced IV infusion therapies. 

10 

CHALLENGE 

Dr. Wang, like many clinicians,
spent so much time balancing direct patient care with administrative tasks that he was left with little time for charting. That meant
working in the EMR was usually done during his personal time. Dr. Wang said, It was kind of miserable. I often had to stay beyond
7:00pm and still had to do some charting at night and over the weekend. He wanted to find a product that would allow him to keep
charting updated during office hours so he wouldn t have to spend so much personal time catching up. 

SOLUTION 

Dr. Wang chose to partner
with Augmedix for its Live service. Augmedix MDSs act as an always-present assistant to the clinician, leveraging the Notebuilder Platform
to convert real-time clinician-patient conversations into precise medical documentation. MDSs also place orders for testing, medications,
and labs so clinicians can spend more time on direct patient care. Clinicians can livestream with their MDS via the clinician application
on their mobile device. 

RESULTS 

Dr. Wang says Augmedix has
made a drastic Improvement in work-life balance. I hardly do any charting after I get home or on the weekend now. 
He says that most of the time, he s able to finish everything by 6:00pm. I am able to enjoy more of my family life! 
With Augmedix, Dr. Wang is able to see at least 15 more patients and now has capacity to see urgent oncology referrals. 

Dr. Wang says the consultation
saves him most of the time. Literally, when I review the records before I see the patient, I can read to my MDS and they re
often able to compile a basic history of present illness HPI even before I step in the patient room. Dr. Wang also
says that he and his Augmedix MDS have developed great working chemistry. 

Case Study #2 : Dr. Jacqueline Rohrer 

Prior to Augmedix, my whole family would
ask how many charts do you have left, and the whole weekend was plagued by the number of charts left. With Augmedix, I feel
like I found the way to be happy with my job and I want to share this experience with other clinicians. 

HIGHLIGHTS : 

Has
more time to spend with patients; 

Can see more walk-ins; 

Went from seeing 18 patients a day to 20; 

Charting is more accurate; 

Has more time for family life; 

Improved productivity; and 

The MDS now helps with telephone referrals and reminders. 

11 

ABOUT 

Jacqueline Rohrer, MD, is
a family practice physician who specializes in obstetrics at Foothill Family Clinic in Salt Lake City, Utah. She s been with the
practice since 2013. The practice has 35 providers, clinicians, and mid-level practitioners. 

CHALLENGE 

Rohrer loves her patients
and is dedicated to spending quality time with each one. Her days are spent juggling her family practice patients with her obstetrics
patients. She had begun to experience extreme burnout and even wondered if she would need to stop practicing obstetrics. She realized
a lot of the issue came from the two to three hours she had to spend at the end of each day on charting. On busy weeks, the charts would
really pile up. She often would get to the end of each week with a backlog of three days worth of charts to do. Someone had suggested
to Rohrer that she get a scribe to help out, but she resisted doing so because she didn t want a shadow following
her around all day and didn t like the loss of patient privacy. Plus, the exam rooms were small and didn t have desks or a
place for anything more than a laptop, which she carried with her. Fortunately, she realized there was a better product. 

SOLUTION 

Rohrer heard about Augmedix
on a Facebook group for moms who are doctors. Augmedix MDSs are experienced in most medical health records, which improves accuracy, increases
quality of documentation, and ensures timely charge capture for faster reimbursement. MDSs also place orders for testing, medications,
and labs so providers can spend more time on direct patient care. Providers can connect with their virtual scribes via Google Glass technology,
an earpiece, or through a smartphone app. Rohrer chose to use Google Glasses with her MDS because of the ability to move about the clinic
handsfree without having to carry a smartphone. 

RESULTS 

Rohrer likes the seamless
communication with her MDSs through Google Glass technology. Because she s a self-described people person, she wanted
to get to know her MDS on a personal level, so she connected with them over social media. They now regularly check in and chat with each
other. Rohrer has experienced many improvements since getting her Augmedix MDS, including: 

Has more time to spend with patients; 

Can see more walk-ins; 

Went from seeing 18 patients a day to 20; 

Charting is more accurate; 

Has more time for family life; 

Improved productivity; and 

The MDS now helps with telephone referrals and reminders. 

The time saved using Augmedix
has allowed Rohrer to complete two triathlons and even adopt a baby. She says she no longer feels burnt out and now looks forward to each
day. With Augmedix, Rohrer went from spending 2 3 hours charting at the end of each day to just 30 to 45 minutes. 

12 

Governmental Regulation 

The healthcare industry in
which we operate is highly regulated, and the services we provide are subject to a complex set of healthcare laws and regulations. We
and our customers must comply with a variety of requirements, including among others, HIPAA, HITECH, regulations issued by the Department
of Health and Human Services and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, a number of fraud and abuse laws, such as the federal
Anti-Kickback Statute and the False Claims Act, and comparable state laws. We have structured our operations to comply with these laws
and other regulatory and contractual requirements. 

Healthcare Fraud and Abuse Laws 

We may be subject to various
federal laws targeting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry. 

For example, the federal
Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, any person from knowingly or willfully offering, soliciting, receiving or paying
remuneration (a term interpreted broadly to include anything of value, including, for example, gifts, discounts and credits), directly
or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order
or recommendation of, an item or reimbursable, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program such as the Medicare and Medicaid
programs. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute has been broadly interpreted by federal courts and agencies, and potentially subjects many
healthcare business arrangements to government investigation, enforcement, and prosecution, which can be costly and time consuming. In
addition, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed
a violation. 

In addition, the False Claims
Act, or FCA, prohibits anyone from, among other things, knowingly presenting or causing to be presented, for payment to federal programs
(including Medicare and Medicaid) claims for items or services that are false or fraudulent. Although we do not submit claims directly
to payors, we could be held liable under the False Claims Act if we are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent
claims by, for example, including inaccurate information in draft medical notes for physicians, or if our documentation services are found
to have caused clinicians to have inaccurately attested to Meaningful Use criteria. Claims for services that were induced
by kickbacks and in violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute may also form the basis for FCA liability. In recent years, many cases
have been brought against healthcare companies by the government and by whistleblowers, which have resulted in judgments
and settlements involving substantial payments to the government by the companies involved. Often, to avoid the threat of treble damages
and penalties under the False Claims Act, which in 2023 are 13,508 to 27,018 per false claim, companies will resolve allegations in
a settlement without admitting liability to avoid the potential treble damages. Any such settlement or the cost to defend against allegations
could be substantial and impact our reputation. 

HIPAA also established federal
criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud
any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payers, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up
a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare
benefits, items or services. Similar to the Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute
or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 

Additionally, many of the
states in which we operate also have similar fraud and abuse focused laws that apply to our business. The scope of these laws and the
interpretations of them vary from state to state and are enforced by state courts and regulatory authorities, each with broad discretion.
Some state fraud and abuse laws apply to items or services reimbursed by any payor, including patients and commercial insurers, not just
those reimbursed by a federally funded healthcare program. 

Violations of these laws
are punishable by substantial penalties and other remedies, including monetary fines, civil penalties, administrative penalties, criminal
sanctions (in the case of Anti-Kickback Statute), exclusion from participation in Federal Health Claims Processing Services, forfeiture
of amounts collected in violation of such laws and additional reporting requirements, and compliance oversight obligations. Similarly,
state anti-kickback and false claims laws may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services
reimbursed by any source, not only government programs. 

13 

Data Privacy and Security 

Numerous state, federal and
foreign laws, including consumer protection laws and regulations, govern the collection, dissemination, use, access to, confidentiality
and security of personal information, including health-related information. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and
regulations, including data breach notification laws, health information, privacy and security laws, including HIPAA, and federal and
state consumer protection laws and regulations (e.g., Section 5 of the FTC Act), that govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection
of health-related and other personal information could apply to our operations or the operations of our partners and subcontractors. 

For example, HIPAA establishes
a set of national privacy and security standards for protecting the privacy, confidentiality and security of protected health information PHI ). Under HIPAA, health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and healthcare providers, together referred to as covered
entities for purposes of HIPAA, and their business associates must protect individually identifiable health information
in accordance with certain standards. HITECH enhances and strengthens the HIPAA privacy and security standards and makes certain provisions
of HIPAA directly applicable to business associates of covered entities. 

In connection with our business
operations, we access, use and disclose PHI on behalf of our covered entity and business associate clients, and therefore, are considered
to be, a business associate of our customers and subject to HIPAA and its implementing regulations. HIPAA requires covered entities and
business associates, such as us, to have agreements with their business associates, pursuant to which business associates must agree to
appropriately safeguard the PHI created or received on their behalf and to abide by statutory and other regulatory obligations under HIPAA.
These obligations include, but are not limited to, the responsibility to (i) maintain physical, technical and administrative safeguards
that reasonably and appropriately protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of PHI, (ii) report security incidents and other
inappropriate uses or disclosures of PHI, including to individuals and governmental authorities, (iii) assist covered entities or business
associates from which we obtain health information with certain duties under HIPAA; and (iv) enter into business associate agreements
with our downstream contractors that access, use, and disclose the PHI we receive, create, and maintain, on behalf of our covered entity
or business associate customers. 

HIPAA and HITECH impose numerous
requirements on our business operations and subject us to material liability and other adverse impacts to our business in the event we
fail to comply with their requirements. These include, without limitation, civil fines, possible criminal sanctions in certain circumstances,
contractual liability to our customers, and damage to our brand and reputation. We have implemented appropriate safeguards to address
the privacy and security of PHI consistent with our regulatory and contractual requirements. We also train our personnel regarding HIPAA
and other related requirements. We have made and continue to make investments in systems to support customer operations that are regulated
by HIPAA and other regulations. Because these standards are subject to interpretation and change, we cannot predict the future impact
of HIPAA or other regulations on our business and operations. To comply with our regulatory and contractual obligations, we may have to
adjust our policies and practices and invest in new technologies. 

In addition to HIPAA and
HITECH, numerous other state and federal laws govern the collection, dissemination, use, access to, confidentiality and security of individually
identifiable health information. In many cases, state laws are not preempted by the HIPAA privacy and security standards and may impose
more stringent standards, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Other Laws and Regulations 

We are also subject to the
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), which prohibits improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments
and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business and requires companies to maintain accurate books and records and
a system of internal accounting controls. Safeguards we implement to discourage improper payments or offers of payments by our employees,
consultants, and others may be ineffective, and violations of the FCPA and similar laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions,
or other liabilities or proceedings against us, any of which would likely harm our reputation, business, financial condition and result
of operations. 

14 

Sales and Marketing 

Currently, we predominantly
rely upon a dedicated direct sales force and customer success team to sell our products. The direct sales force is currently structured
partially geographically and focuses on acquiring new health systems, large physician specialty practices, and generating transactional
sales with smaller practices and independent physicians. Our sales force mobilizes data to demonstrate a clear ROI for investing in our
product to potential customers. There is typically a 30-45 day implementation window from contract execution to first day of service to
allow for provision of hardware, clinician workflow orientation, MDS assignment, and receipt of EHR credentials. 

Additional sales activity
is driven by our customer success team. The customer success team is responsible for expansion within our existing client base. The team
is currently structured by account segment: strategic enterprises, developing enterprises, and physician practices. 

Our marketing efforts focus
on lead generation, building market awareness, and content support. Marketing drives market/brand awareness and inbound leads from both
enterprises and physician practices. Our team tracks the effectiveness of specific marketing campaigns to ensure their efficacy against
our established cost-per-lead and customer acquisition cost targets. A variety of marketing approaches are leveraged including search
engine optimization, paid search advertising, social media campaigns, social media advertising, email marketing, and attending conferences.
We also focus on end-to-end marketing campaigns to drive leads and awareness of new product launches. 

In 2021 we signed a number
of channel partnership deals with various groups, some of which have members who are clinicians. In general, these partnerships provide
us with warm leads for a fee if we convert them into signed contracts. 

In 2022 we signed a marketing
partnership with Google that led to Augmedix signing two new health systems, one of which is one of the ten largest health systems in
the US. 

Research Development 

Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning AI/ML 

We have integrated AI/ML into Notebuilder to increase efficiency by
automatically providing note suggestions from the transcripts of recordings. This requires training AI/ML models to provide note suggestions
based on keywords from audio transcripts and audio-to-note patterns. We use automated speech recognition tools, enhanced by our own adaptations,
to produce multi-party transcripts for the recorded audios of selected clinician/patient visits. This is followed by an annotation process
to assign labels to transcripts and the corresponding notes. The final stage is to apply one of several NLP methods, including LLMs, to
generate note suggestions which are then integrated into Notebuilder to further reduce the amount of human intervention needed to create
a medical note. These models are continuously being improved. 

Streaming Technologies 

We are continuously improving
our streaming platform, primarily to alleviate network hiccups, optimize audio quality for transcription and improve the clinician user
experience. The goal is to improve the reliability and scalability of the platform while reducing costs. 

Devices for Providers 

We continue to explore new
hardware devices that can be used by clinicians beyond the smart phone. In addition to ease of use, improved audio quality, better connectivity,
and faster battery charge rate are some of the criteria used in our evaluation process. 

15 

Approximately 5 of our clinicians
use Google Glass. As Google has announced the discontinuation of the manufacture and support of this product, we will be transitioning
our clinicians to other hardware, such as a mobile device with a lapel microphone. 

Electronic Health Records EHRs 

An EHR is a digital
version of a patient s paper chart. EHRs are real-time, patient-centered records that make information available instantly and securely
to authorized users. While an EHR does contain the medical and treatment histories of patients, an EHR system is built to go beyond standard
clinical data collected in a provider s office and can be inclusive of a broader view of a patient s care. EHRs are a vital
part of health IT and can: 

Contain a patient s medical history, diagnoses, medications,
treatment plans, immunization dates, allergies, radiology images, and laboratory and test results, 

Allow
access to evidence-based tools that providers can use to make decisions about a patient s care, and 

Automate
and streamline provider workflow. 

Health information can be
created and managed by authorized providers in a digital format capable of being shared with other providers across more than one healthcare
organization. EHRs are built to share information with other healthcare providers and organizations such as laboratories, specialists,
medical imaging facilities, pharmacies, emergency facilities, and school and workplace clinics. EHR systems are selected by our customers
either as independent physicians, clinics, or health systems. 

Currently, we do most of our note transfers manually.
 In 2021, we developed direct integration with one of the major EHRs system . In 20 22,
we developed integration with an instance of another key EHR. We are developing technology to direct-integrate our software tools into
the other EHR systems used by our large enterprise customers. For our smaller customers, we expect to continue to transfer notes to the
EHR manually. As we scale within an enterprise health system, EHR integration can enhance our operating efficiency. EHR integration will
also help further inform our machine learning models, thus increasing automation levels associated with note documentation. 

Transferring notes to an EHR requires secure access to the customer s
EHR which they must authorize to receive the service. We support various types of virtual private network VPN access to
an EHR. 

Intellectual Property 

Intellectual property is
an important aspect of our business, and we seek protection for our intellectual property as appropriate. We rely on a combination of
patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, and confidentiality
and invention assignment agreements, as well as other legal and contractual rights to establish and protect our proprietary rights. 

We have been building and
continue to build our patent portfolio relating to our technology platform. As of December 31, 2022, our patent portfolio consists of
five pending patent applications in the United States. We regularly review our development efforts to assess the existence and patentability
of new intellectual property. 

In addition to patents, we
may rely, in some circumstances, on trade secrets and proprietary know-how to protect our technology and processes, especially when we
do not believe that patent protection is appropriate or can be obtained. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes,
in part, by entering into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, and contractors upon the
commencement of employment or consulting relationships. 

16 

We
have filed for and obtained trademark protection in the United States for the AUGMEDIX word mark and AUGMEDIX CROSS logo for goods and
services. We have also filed for trademark protection in India of the AUGMEDIX word mark for goods and services. We also have register ed
the domain na me for our website, www.augmedix.com . 

We intend to pursue additional
intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost effective. Despite our efforts to protect our
intellectual property rights, they may not be respected in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. 

Corporate Information 

We were incorporated in the
State of Delaware as Malo Holdings Corporation on December 27, 2018. On October 5, 2020, our wholly-owned subsidiary August Acquisition
Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Acquisition Sub ), merged with and into Augmedix, Inc., a Delaware corporation Private
Augmedix formed on April 30, 2013 (the Merger ). Following the Merger, Private Augmedix was the surviving entity
and became our wholly-owned subsidiary, under the name Augmedix Operating Corp., and all of the outstanding shares of common and preferred
stock of Private Augmedix were converted into shares of our common stock. The business of Private Augmedix became our business as a result
of the Merger. On October 5, 2020, our board of directors and all of our pre-Merger stockholders approved a restated certificate of incorporation,
which was effective upon its filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 5, 2020, and through which we changed
our name to Augmedix, Inc. 

Our common stock is currently
listed and traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). We announced our listing on Nasdaq on October 26, 2021. 

Our principal executive offices
are located at 111 Sutter Street, Suite 1300, San Francisco, CA 94104. Our telephone number is (888) 669-4885. Our website address is
www.augmedix.com. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of this Report. 

Employees and Human Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had 268 full-time and part-time employees in the United States, 42 full-time employees in India, and 730 full-time employees
in Bangladesh. None of our employees are represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relationship
with our employees to be good. 

Our human capital resources
objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and additional employees.
The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and motivate selected employees, consultants, and directors
through the granting of stock-based compensation awards and cash-based performance bonus awards. 

Facilities 

We have various operating
leases for office space located in the United States, Bangladesh and India. Our corporate headquarters are located in San Francisco, California,
where we lease approximately 12,936 square feet of office space under a lease agreement that expires in February 2025. 

We also lease corporate office
space in Dhaka, Bangladesh, which includes 23,578 square feet of corporate office space used for our operations, 900 square feet of office
space used as an additional overflow workspace for certain employees and 3,800 square feet of commercial space used for MDS training under
a lease agreement which automatically renews quarterly unless notice is provided to terminate. On January 31, 2023, we leased 54,824 square
feet of new office space in Dhaka under a lease agreement that expires in April 2028. This new office space will eventually replace our
other office space in Dhaka and be used to expand our Bangladesh operations. 

Further, in Bangalore, India,
we lease 13,500 square feet of corporate office space under a lease agreement that expires in December 2027. 

We believe the recently leased
space in Dhaka and India will accommodate our needs and future growth. 

Legal Proceedings 

We are not a party to any
material pending legal proceedings. From time to time, we may become involved in lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary
course of business. 

17 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing in our common
stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information in this
annual report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. Many of the following
risks and uncertainties are and will be, exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic and any worsening of the global business and economic environment
as a result. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. In such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline and you may lose
all or part of your investment. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY 

We have incurred significant losses in the
past and will experience losses in the future. 

We have incurred significant
losses in the past and recorded a net loss of 24.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 17.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 125.8 million. If we cannot make consistent progress toward
future profitability, our business and our stock price may be adversely affected. 

Our ability to be profitable
in the future depends upon continued demand for our products from existing and new customers. Further adoption of our products depends
upon our ability to improve the quality of our products, enhance clinician and physician satisfaction, and increase efficiency and productivity.
In addition, our profitability will be affected by, among other things, our ability to execute on our business strategy, the timing and
size of customer contracts, the pricing and costs of our products, competitive offerings, macroeconomic conditions affecting the healthcare
industry, the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, our ability to improve automation and more efficiently deliver our services,
and the extent to which we invest in sales and marketing, research and development and general and administrative resources. 

We may not have sufficient cash available
to make interest or principal payments on our indebtedness when due, and we may be unable to find additional sources of capital to fund
our operations. 

On May 4, 2022, we entered
into a 25.0 million senior term loan and accounts receivable line of credit facility under a Loan and Security Agreement, with Silicon
Valley Bank (the Senior Secured Credit Facility Agreement ), the proceeds of which were used, in part, to pay off all our
obligations under our previous loan and security agreement with Eastward Capital Management. The principal under the Senior Secured Credit
Facility Agreement is to be repaid in twenty-four consecutive equal monthly installments starting in July 2023, unless we achieve our
performance target of 35 million of ARR by June 30, 2023, which delays the twenty-four equal monthly installments until January 2024. 

As of December 30, 2020,
we had a 2.2 million Paycheck Protection Program loan under the Promissory Note, dated April 11, 2020, with East West Bank
(the PPP Loan ). We submitted our loan forgiveness application in November 2020 in accordance with the federal guidelines
for the forgiveness of such loan, and we received notification that the full amount of the PPP Loan and accrued interest was forgiven
on August 9, 2021. 

Our cash and restricted cash
balance stood at 22.0 million on December 31, 2022, and we also had an incremental 10.0 million of availability on our existing debt
facility. However, as we currently do not generate positive cash flow from operations, we cannot guarantee that we will have sufficient
cash available to service our obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facility Agreement when due. If we do not have sufficient cash
flow from operations to service our debt, we will need to refinance our debt obligations or raise additional funding. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to secure additional funding or refinance our existing debt on favorable terms, or at all. 

18 

Our revenue has been concentrated in a small
number of customers. 

Our revenue has been concentrated
in a relatively small number of large customers, and we have historically derived a significant percentage of our total revenues from
a few customers. For fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our three largest customers accounted for 45 and 54 , respectively,
of our consolidated revenues. We expect that we will continue to depend upon a relatively small number of customers for a significant
portion of our total revenues for the foreseeable future. If one or more of these customers terminate all or any portion of their agreement,
or if we fail to procure additional commitments with these or similarly significant customers, there could be a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Additionally, mergers or
consolidations among our customers could reduce the number of our customers and could adversely affect our revenues and sales. In particular,
if our customers are acquired by entities that are not also our customers, that do not use our products, or that have more favorable contract
terms and choose to discontinue, reduce or change the terms of their use of our products, our business and operating results could be
materially and adversely affected. 

We depend on a limited number of MDS Vendors,
and if we are unable to secure services from them, or the services they provide are inadequate, our business and operating results could
be harmed. 

We depend on a limited number
of MDS Vendors in India and Sri Lanka who provide, manage and supervise a significant proportion of the MDSs we depend upon for our business.
Any loss or interruption in our relationship with any of these MDS Vendors could cause interruptions or delays in the delivery of our
products to our customers, and this may force us to seek services from alternative sources, either externally or internally, which may
not have the required qualifications, or be available in time to meet demand or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. In addition,
any disruption in the ability of our MDS Vendors to secure services from MDSs could disrupt our offering. 

The failure to achieve and
maintain high-quality standards, including high accuracy of medical notes, reduction in errors that may cause harm to patients and avoidance
of delays in the delivery of medical notes, could seriously hurt our business. If our MDS Vendors fail to provide high quality services,
we may incur additional costs and loss of revenues and harm to our reputation. 

We have limited control over
the MDSs employed by our MDS Vendors and any significant interruption in the operation of the facilities where they are employed, including
an interruption caused by our failure to successfully expand or upgrade our systems or to manage these expansions or upgrades, or a failure
of our MDS Vendors to handle higher volumes of use or train new personnel adequately, could reduce our ability to provide services, which
could result in canceled sales, loss of revenues, and damage to our brand and reputation. 

While we endeavor to ensure
that our MDS Vendors and their MDSs comply with all of our corporate policies and practices, including privacy and data security practices,
we have a limited ability to monitor and ensure compliance. If a Vendor deviates from these policies, our reputation with our customers
may be harmed and we may incur liability from our customers or governmental agencies. 

Owing to the global onset
of the COVID-19 pandemic in April 2020, many of the MDSs employed by our MDS Vendors were required to work from home to ensure their safety.
Beginning in 2022, many of those MDS returned to work at their respective offices. To the extent MDSs are required to work from home,
productivity may be negatively impacted. In addition, working from home can impact our ability to ensure compliance with our privacy and
data security policies. Working from home also requires additional IT resources for both us and our MDS Vendors and sometimes results
in the need to remotely train MDSs, which is more resource-intensive. 

19 

We depend on a number of technology providers,
and if we are unable to source products from them then our business and operating results could be harmed. 

Our products incorporate
multiple software components obtained from licensors on a non-exclusive basis, such as medically tuned ASR software, customer relations
management software, and database and reporting software. Our license agreements can be terminated for cause. In many cases, these license
agreements specify a limited term and are only renewable beyond that term with the consent of the licensor. If a licensor terminates a
license agreement for cause, objects to its renewal or conditions renewal on modified terms and conditions, we may be unable to obtain
licenses for equivalent software components on reasonable terms and conditions, including licensing fees, warranties or protection from
infringement claims. Some licensors may discontinue licensing their software to us or support the software version used in our products.
In such circumstances, we may need to redesign our products with substantial cost and time investment to incorporate alternative software
components or be subject to higher royalty costs. Any of these circumstances could adversely affect the cost and availability of our products. 

Our product depends on our ability to operate
within the EHR systems of our customers, and if we are unable to access these systems then our operations, business, and operating results
could be harmed. 

Any interruption in our ability
to access our customer s EHR systems, either due to software bugs, outages or changes in EHR licenses or policies, could interfere
with our ability to update patient records. For example, in 2020, Epic instituted a privacy and security policy change that restricted
the ability of non-U.S. vendors from accessing the EHR system for certain Epic customers unless grandfathered. While Epic has since re-evaluated
this policy, the re-institution of this policy or other similar restrictions could affect our ability to serve future customers with our
foreign-based MDS vendors, and thus, negatively impact our operations. 

Our significant international operations
subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our business results of operations and financial condition. 

While 100 of our revenue
is generated from US-based health systems and clinicians, we do have significant international operations, including in emerging markets
such as Bangladesh, India and Sri Lanka, and we are continuing to expand our international operations as part of our growth strategy.
As of December 31, 2022, approximately 70 of our employees were in Bangladesh, where we provide service for a significant number of our
clinicians, development activities, and various support functions. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 4 of our employees were in
India, which we expect to grow significantly in 2023 due to the launch of our new wholly-owned service center in Bangalore in 2022. As
of December 31, 2022, Bangladesh served 38 of our clinicians while our India operations serviced nearly 1 . The other clinicians were
served out of India (44 ), Sri Lanka (4 and the US (13 ). 

Our strategy to diversify geographical risk by
operating out of several operating centers located in various cities throughout Asia may fail should we be unable to navigate the challenge
of international operations. Operating in international markets, and particularly South Asia, requires significant resources and management
attention and will subject us to regulatory, economic and political risks and competition that are different from those in the United
States. We cannot assure you that our international expansion efforts will be successful or that returns on such investments will be
achieved in the future. In addition, our international operations may fail to succeed due to other risks inherent in operating businesses
internationally, including: 

difficulties and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations; 

anti-bribery or corruption compliance by us or our partners; 

the potential diversion of management s attention to oversee and direct operations that are geographically distant from our United States headquarters; 

compliance with multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, privacy, and data protection laws and regulations; 

20 

legal systems in which our ability to enforce and protect our rights may be different or less effective than in the U.S. and in which the ultimate result of dispute resolution is more difficult to predict; 

differences in workplace cultures; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

our ability to comply with differing technical and certification requirements outside the U.S.; 

more limited protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 

adverse tax consequences, including as a result of transfer pricing adjustments involving our foreign operations; 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates; and 

new and different sources of competition. 

Our failure to manage any
of these risks successfully could harm our existing and future international operations and seriously impair our overall business. 

If we fail to successfully develop and introduce
new products and features to existing products, plus increase the automation of our current product, our revenues, operating results,
and reputation could suffer. 

Our success depends, in part,
upon our ability to develop and introduce new products and to add features to existing products that meet existing and new customer requirements.
We may not be able to develop and introduce new products or features on a timely basis or in response to customers changing requirements.
Similarly, our new products and features, including our investments in employing AI/ML in Notebuilder, use of new streaming technology
products, introduction of new service features, use of new hardware devices and enhanced EHR system integration efforts, may not sufficiently
differentiate us from competing products such that customers can justify deploying our products. If we encounter setbacks in our efforts
to employ AI/ML and other automation tools to increase our operating efficiency, our business may suffer. We expect to incur costs associated
with the development and introduction of new products before the anticipated benefits or the returns are realized, if at all. We may experience
technical problems and additional costs as we introduce new features to our platform and service, and the productivity and satisfaction
of physicians and clinicians could decrease, which might result in decreased use of our Live and Notes products. If any of these problems
were to arise, our revenues, operating results, and reputation could suffer. 

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and its variants,
we took certain precautions to keep our employees and contractors safe. If reinstated, such measures could harm our business. 

In light of the uncertain
and evolving situation relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and its variants, we took measures intended to help minimize the risk of transmitting
the virus to our employees and contractors, our customers and the communities in which we participate, which could negatively impact our
business. In 2020 and 2021, these measures included temporarily requiring all non-essential employees to work remotely, suspending all
non-essential travel worldwide for our employees, canceling, postponing or holding virtually company-sponsored events and discouraging
employee attendance at industry events and in-person work-related meetings. In 2022, several of these aforementioned restrictions were
removed. While we have a distributed workforce and our employees are accustomed to working remotely or working with other remote employees,
our workforce is not fully remote. Under normal conditions, our employees travel frequently to establish and maintain relationships with
one another and with our customers, partners and investors. Some of our U.S.-based and internationally-based MDSs still work remotely,
which may have an adverse impact on our business due to decreased morale among MDSs, increased strain on IT systems, increased difficulty
in ensuring compliance with our data security and compliance policies, and increased difficulty in the training, development and recruitment
of new MDSs. Our ability to service our customers with MDSs working remotely is contingent upon the consent of our customers, which some
customers may not provide in the future as conditions improve and the perceived need for such arrangements diminishes. Although we continue
to monitor the situation, including local guidance, and have implemented a return to office plan, the COVID-19 pandemic remains unpredictable,
and the emergence of other variants could require that we reevaluate our return to office plans. If we are unable to fully return to our
offices and further cutback current restrictions, continued limitations on travel and doing business in-person could negatively impact
our marketing efforts, our ability to enter into customer contracts in a timely manner, our international expansion efforts and our ability
to recruit employees across the organization. The potential adverse impact in sales and marketing, in particular, could have longer term
effects on our sales pipeline, which could harm our business. Our management team has, and will likely continue, to spend time, attention
and resources monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic and its variants to manage its effects on our business and workforce. The extent to which
the COVID-19 pandemic and our precautionary measures may impact our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted at this time. 

21 

We may not be able to keep pace with changes
in technology or provide timely enhancements to our products and services. 

The market for our products
is characterized by rapid technological advancements, changes in customer requirements, frequent new product introductions and enhancements,
and changing industry standards. To maintain our growth strategy, we must adapt and respond to technological advances and technological
requirements of our customers. Our future success will depend on our ability to: enhance our current products; introduce new products
in order to keep pace with products offered by our competitors and the evolving needs of our customers; enhance capabilities, including
efforts to increase operating efficiency through improvements to our automation tools; increase the performance of our internal systems,
particularly our systems that meet our customers requirements and integration with their EHR systems; and adapt to technological
advancements and changing industry and regulatory standards for privacy and the management of EHR systems. We continue to make significant
investments related to the development of new technology. If our systems become outdated, it may negatively impact our ability to meet
performance expectations related to quality, time to market, cost and innovation relative to our competitors. The failure to increase
efficiency for healthcare enterprises and improve patient and clinician satisfaction may adversely impact our business and operating results.
The failure to continually develop enhancements and use of technologies such as AI/ML, use of new streaming technology products, advancements
in hardware devices for clinicians and enhanced EHR systems integration efforts may impact our ability to increase the efficiency of,
and reduce costs associated with, operational risk management and compliance activities. 

Any failure to offer high-quality customer
support for our platform may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and harm our financial results. 

Once our products are implemented,
our customers use our support organization to resolve technical issues relating to our products. In addition, we also believe that our
success in selling our products is highly dependent on our business reputation and on favorable recommendations from our existing customers.
Any failure to maintain high-quality customer support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support, could harm
our reputation, adversely affect our ability to maintain existing customers or sell our products to existing and prospective customers,
and harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

We may be unable to respond
quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for support services. Increased customer demand for these services,
without corresponding revenues, could also increase costs and adversely affect our operating results. 

If we are unable to attract and retain
key personnel, our business could be harmed. 

To execute our business strategy,
we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. If any of our key employees were to leave, we could face substantial difficulty
in hiring qualified successors and could experience a loss in productivity while any successor obtains the necessary training and experience.
Although we have arrangements with some of our executive officers designed to promote retention, our employment relationships are generally
at-will and we have had key employees leave in the past. We cannot provide any assurance that key employees will not leave in the future.
In particular, we compete with many other companies for software developers and other skilled information technology, marketing, sales
and operations professionals, and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining the professionals we need. We have from time to
time in the past experienced, and we expect to continue to experience in the future, difficulty in hiring and difficulty in retaining
highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. In particular, we have experienced a competitive hiring environment in the Greater
San Francisco Bay Area, where we are headquartered. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater
resources than we do. In addition, in making employment decisions job candidates often consider the value of the equity incentives they
are to receive in connection with their employment. We and our MDS Vendors also face increasing competition in the recruitment of MDSs
in the United States, Bangladesh, India and Sri Lanka, both from competitors and other opportunities emerging for those with our MDSs 
skillset. If we and our MDS Vendors experience difficulty in recruiting and retaining MDSs, our business may be adversely affected. If
the price of our stock declines, or experiences significant volatility, our ability to attract or retain key employees could be adversely
affected. We intend to continue to hire additional highly qualified personnel, including research and development and operational personnel,
but may not be able to attract, assimilate or retain qualified personnel in the future. Any failure to attract, integrate, motivate and
retain these employees could harm our business. 

22 

Our operating results have fluctuated, and
are likely to continue to fluctuate, making our quarterly results difficult to predict, which may cause us to miss analyst expectations
and may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

Our operating results have
been and may continue to be difficult to predict, even in the near term, and are likely to fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors,
many of which are outside of our control. 

Comparisons of our revenues
and operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. You should not rely on our past results as an indication of our
future performance. Each of the following factors, among others, could cause our operating results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter: 

the financial health of our healthcare customers and budgetary constraints on their ability to outsource medical note documentation; 

the availability of government funding for healthcare facilities operated by the U.S. federal, state and local governments; 

occurrence of health epidemics or contagious diseases, such as the novel coronavirus, and potential effects on our business and operations; 

market acceptance and adoption of our product offerings; 

changes in the regulatory environment affecting our healthcare customers, including impediments to their ability to obtain reimbursement for their services; 

our ability to expand our sales and marketing operations; 

our ability to successfully integrate any future acquired businesses, technologies or assets; 

the announcement of new significant contracts or relationships; 

the procurement and deployment cycles of our healthcare customers and the length of our sales cycles; 

changes in how healthcare operating and capital budgets are administered within the enterprise; 

developments,
such as lower reimbursement rates for services or higher delivery costs, that negatively impact health systems operating profits and
their future budget expectations; 

23 

changes in customer deployment timelines; 

variations in the number of new customers booked; 

our mix of products and the varying revenue recognition rules that apply; 

new competitive product launches that negatively impact sales or our sales cycle; 

acquisitions or mergers of our competitors, or new partnerships that create new competitors, that create uncertainty in the market and impact our sales or our sales cycle; 

pricing, including discounts by us or our competitors; 

our ability to successfully deploy our products in a timely manner; 

our ability to forecast demand and manage operations efficiently; 

our ability to develop and introduce new products, such as Augmedix Go, and features to existing products that achieve market acceptance; 

federal or state government shutdowns; 

fluctuations in foreign currencies in Bangladesh, India and Sri Lanka; and 

future accounting pronouncements and changes in accounting policies. 

We are subject to various state, federal
and foreign laws and regulations, including healthcare, fraud and abuse laws and regulations that may impact our business and could subject
us to significant fines and penalties or other negative consequences. 

Our operations may be directly
or indirectly subject to various state and federal healthcare laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute,
federal civil and criminal false claims laws, HIPAA, and the federal criminal fraud statutes. These laws may impact, among other things,
the sales, for Live, Notes, Prep and Go. In addition, the inability of our customers to use our services and technology products in a
manner that complies with those laws and regulations could affect the marketability of our services and technology products or our compliance
with our customer contracts, or even expose us to claims, litigation and substantial liability. A number of federal and state laws, including
anti-kickback restrictions and laws prohibiting the submission of false or fraudulent claims, apply to healthcare providers and others
that make, or cause to be made, claims for payments for items or services that may be paid for by any federal or state healthcare program
and, in some instances, any private program. These laws are complex, and their application to our specific products, services and relationships
may not be clear and may be applied to our business in ways that we do not anticipate. 

The federal Anti-Kickback
Statute prohibits persons and entities from knowingly and willingly soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly
or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual or the furnishing or arranging for a good or service,
for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Courts have interpreted the
statute s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of
federal healthcare covered business, the statute has been violated. Additionally, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or PPACA,
amended the intent requirement of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge
of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation. The Anti-Kickback Statute is broad and prohibits many arrangements
and practices that would otherwise be lawful in businesses outside of the healthcare industry. 

24 

The federal civil and criminal
false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act, prohibit, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly presenting,
or causing to be presented, a false claim to, or the knowing use of false statements to obtain payment from or approval by the federal
government, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, or knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or
statement material to a false or fraudulent claim or to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government.
PPACA codified case law that provides that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation
of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act. The government
has prosecuted certain software vendors that provided coding, and other clinical support services, causing the submission of false or
fraudulent claims in violation of the FCA, or misrepresenting the capabilities of its software and payment of kickbacks to certain customers
in exchange for promoting its product in violation of the AKS and FCA. Suits filed under the civil False Claims Act, known as qui
tam actions, can be brought by any individual on behalf of the government and such individuals, commonly known as whistleblowers, 
may share in any amounts paid by the entity to the government in fines or settlement. Many healthcare companies have recently been investigated
or subject to lawsuits by whistleblowers and have reached substantial financial settlements with the federal government under the civil
False Claims Act. 

HIPAA created additional
federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to
defraud any healthcare benefit program, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing
a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing, or covering up a material fact or
making any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits,
items or services. Similar to the Anti-Kickback Statute, PPACA amended the intent requirement of the criminal healthcare fraud statutes
such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or intent to violate it to have committed a violation. 

Many states and foreign jurisdictions
have similar laws and regulations, such as anti-kickback, anti-bribery and corruption, false claims, privacy and data protection laws,
to which we are currently and/or may in the future, be subject. We are also subject to numerous other laws and regulations that are not
specific to the healthcare industry. For instance, the FCPA, prohibits companies and individuals from engaging in specified activities
to obtain or retain business or to influence a person working in an official capacity. Under the FCPA, it is illegal to pay, offer to
pay or authorize the payment of anything of value to any foreign government official, governmental staff members, political party or political
candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business or to otherwise influence a person working in an official capacity. The FCPA also
requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the corporation and
to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. 

Because of the breadth of
these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities,
including certain revenue sharing arrangements we have with potential referral sources, could be subject to challenge under one or more
of such laws. Although we take our obligation to maintain our compliance with these various laws and regulations seriously and our compliance
program is designed to prevent the violation of these laws and regulations, we cannot guarantee that our compliance program will be sufficient
or effective, that we will be able to integrate the operations of acquired businesses into our compliance program on a timely basis, that
our employees will comply with our policies and that our employees will notify us of any violation of our policies, that we will have
the ability to take appropriate and timely corrective action in response to any such violation, or that we will make decisions and take
actions that will necessarily limit or avoid liability for whistleblower claims that individuals, such as employees or former employees,
may bring against us or that governmental authorities may prosecute against us based on information provided by individuals. If we are
found to be in violation of any of the laws and regulations described above or other applicable state and federal healthcare laws, we
may be subject to penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, contractual damages,
reputational harm, imprisonment, diminished profits and future earnings, exclusion from government healthcare reimbursement programs,
additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve
allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and/or the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and growth prospects. Any action against us for violation of these laws or regulations,
even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention
from the operation of our business. Moreover, achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable federal, state and foreign healthcare
laws is costly and time-consuming for our management. 

25 

Actual or perceived failures to comply with
applicable data protection, privacy and security laws, regulations, standards and other requirements could adversely affect our business,
results of operations, and financial condition. 

The global data protection
landscape is rapidly evolving, and we are or may become subject to numerous state, federal and foreign laws, requirements and regulations
governing the collection, use, disclosure, retention, and security of personal information, including health-related information. This
evolution may create uncertainty in our business, affect our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions or to collect, store, transfer,
use and share personal information, necessitate the acceptance of more onerous obligations in our contracts, result in liability or impose
additional costs on us. The cost of compliance with these laws, regulations and standards is high and is likely to increase in the future.
Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with federal, state or foreign laws or regulations, our internal policies and procedures
or our contracts governing our processing of personal information could result in negative publicity, government investigations and enforcement
actions, claims by third parties, and damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial
performance and business. 

In the United States, HIPAA
imposes certain obligations on covered entities, including certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses,
and their respective business associates that create, receive, maintain or transmit individually identifiable health information
for or on behalf of a covered entity, as well as their covered subcontractors with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission
of PHI. Entities that are found to be in violation of HIPAA, whether as the result of a breach of unsecured PHI, a complaint about privacy
practices, or an audit by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS ), may be subject to significant civil, criminal,
and administrative fines and penalties and/or additional reporting and oversight obligations if required to enter into a resolution agreement
and corrective action plan with HHS to settle allegations of HIPAA non-compliance. 

Certain states have also
adopted comparable privacy and security laws and regulations, some of which may be more stringent than HIPAA. Such laws and regulations
will be subject to interpretation by various courts and other governmental authorities, thus creating potentially complex compliance issues
for us and our future customers and strategic partners. In addition, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or CCPA, went into effect
on January 1, 2020. The CCPA creates individual privacy rights for California consumers and increases the privacy and security obligations
of entities handling certain personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of
action for data breaches that are expected to increase data breach litigation. The CCPA may increase our compliance costs and potential
liability, and many similar laws have been proposed at the federal level and in other states. Further, the California Privacy Rights Act,
or CPRA, recently passed in California. The CPRA will impose additional data protection obligations on covered businesses, including additional
consumer rights processes, limitation on data uses, new audit requirements for higher risk data, and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive
data. It will also create a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased
privacy and information security enforcement. The majority of these provisions went into effect on January 1, 2023, and additional compliance
investment and potential business process changes may be required. In the event that we are subject to or affected by HIPAA, the CCPA,
the CPRA or other domestic privacy and data protection laws, any liability from failure to comply with the requirements of these laws
could adversely affect our financial condition. 

Even when HIPAA does not
apply, according to the Federal Trade Commission, or the FTC, failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal information
secure may constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of the Federal Trade Commission Act. The FTC expects
a company s data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information
it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of available tools to improve security and reduce vulnerabilities. Individually
identifiable health information is considered sensitive data that merits stronger safeguards. 

26 

We also may be bound by contractual
and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security that are more stringent than applicable laws and
regulations. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, laws, regulations, standards, and other obligations relating
to privacy, data protection, and information security are significant. Although we work to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and
standards, our contractual and other legal obligations, these requirements are evolving and may be modified, interpreted and applied in
an inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another, and may conflict with another or other legal obligations with which we must comply.
Accordingly, our failure, or perceived inability, to comply with these laws, regulations, standards, and other obligations may limit the
use and adoption of our product, reduce overall demand for our product, lead to regulatory investigations, breach of contract claims,
litigation, and significant fines, penalties, or liabilities for actual or alleged noncompliance or slow the pace at which we close sales
transactions, any of which could harm our business. 

Efforts to comply with regulatory mandates
to increase the use of electronic health information and health system interoperability may lead to negative publicity which could adversely
affect our business. 

For many years, a primary
focus of the healthcare industry has been to increase the use of EHRs and the sharing of the health data among providers, payors and other
members of the industry. The federal government has been a significant driver of that initiative through rules and regulations. In 2009,
as part of HITECH, the federal government set aside 27 billion of incentives for hospitals and providers to adopt EHR systems. In 2019,
the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (the CMS ), proposed policy changes supporting its MyHealthEData initiative
to improve patient access and advance electronic data exchange and care coordination throughout the healthcare system. In March 2020,
the HHS Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, or ONC, and CMS finalized and issued complementary rules
that are intended to clarify provisions of the 21st Century Cures Act regarding interoperability and information blocking, and includes,
among other things, requirements surrounding information blocking, changes to ONC s health IT certification program and requirements
that CMS-regulated payors make relevant claims/care data and provider directory information available through standardized patient access
and provider directory application programming interfaces, or APIs, that connect to provider EHRs. The companion rules will transform
the way in which healthcare providers, health IT developers, health information exchanges/health information networks, or HIEs/HINs, and
health plans share patient information, and create significant new requirements for healthcare industry participants. For example, the
ONC rule, which went into effect on April 5, 2021, prohibits healthcare providers, health IT developers of certified health IT, and HIEs/HINs
from engaging in practices that are likely to interfere with, prevent, materially discourage, or otherwise inhibit the access, exchange
or use of electronic health information, or EHI, as known as information blocking. To further support access and exchange
of EHI, the ONC rule identifies eight reasonable and necessary activities as exceptions to information blocking activities,
as long as specific conditions are met. Any failure to comply with these rules could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations, and financial condition. 

The goals of increased use
of electronic health data and interoperability are improved quality of care and lower healthcare costs generally, and the services we
provide rely upon the necessity of electronic health data. However, increased use of electronic health data and the interoperability between
our services and those systems inherently magnifies the risk of security breaches involving those data and information systems, including
our own. Additionally, the sharing of health information such as that we produce and summarized through Live and Notes, has received increasingly
negative publicity. There is at least one well publicized instance where organizations received significant negative publicity for sharing
health data despite having appeared to comply in all respects with privacy laws. There can be no assurance that our efforts to improve
the services we deliver and to comply with the law through the use of electronic data and system interoperability will not receive negative
publicity that may materially and adversely affect our ability to serve clinicians. Negative publicity may also lead to federal or state
regulation that conflicts with current federal policy and interferes with the healthcare industry s efforts to improve care and
reduce costs through use of electronic data and interoperability. Further regulation of EHR systems and health records generally may also
interfere with our intelligence automation efforts to help automate the medical note creation process. 

27 

The healthcare industry is highly regulated.
Any material changes in the political, economic or regulatory healthcare environment that affect the group purchasing business or the
purchasing practices and operations of healthcare organizations, or that lead to consolidation in the healthcare industry, could require
us to modify our services or reduce the funds available to providers to purchase our products and services. 

Our business, financial condition,
and results of operations depend upon conditions affecting the healthcare industry generally and hospitals and health systems particularly.
Our ability to grow will depend upon the economic environment of the healthcare industry, as well as our ability to increase the number
and quality of products that we sell to our customers. The healthcare industry is highly regulated and is subject to changing political,
economic and regulatory influences. Factors such as changes in reimbursement policies for healthcare expenses, consolidation in the healthcare
industry, regulation, litigation and general economic conditions affect the purchasing practices, operation and, ultimately, the operating
funds of healthcare organizations. In particular, changes in regulations affecting EHRs, or restrictions on permissible discounts and
other financial arrangements, could require us to make unplanned modifications to our products and services, or result in delays or cancellations
of orders or reduce funds and demand for our products and services. 

If our products experience data security
breaches, and there is unauthorized access to our customers data, we may lose current or future customers, our reputation and business
may be harmed and we may incur significant liabilities. 

Our products are used by
our customers to manage and store personally identifiable information, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating
to their business. Although we maintain security features in our products, our security measures may not detect or prevent hacker interceptions,
break-ins, security breaches, the introduction of viruses or malicious code, such as ransomware, and other disruptions
that may jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted by our products. Cyber-attacks and other malicious Internet-based
activity continue to increase generally and may be directed at either the product used by our customers or our corporate information
technology software and infrastructure. 

28 

Because techniques used to
obtain unauthorized access, exploit vulnerabilities or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they
are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, patch vulnerabilities, or implement adequate preventative
measures. Certain of our customers may have a greater sensitivity to security defects or breaches in our software than to defects in other,
less critical, software products. Any actual or perceived security breach or theft of the business-critical data of one or more of our
customers, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to the failure of our software or products, may adversely affect the market s
perception of our products. There can be no assurance that limitation of liability, indemnification or other protective provisions in
our contracts would be applicable, enforceable, or adequate in connection with a security breach, or would otherwise protect us from any
such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. We also cannot be sure that our existing general liability insurance
coverage and coverage for errors or omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts
to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. One or more large claims may be
asserted against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or changes in our insurance policies may occur, including premium increases
or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements. Because the majority of our employees, MDS Vendors and MDSs shifted
to remote work due to local shelter-in-place orders arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, and in some cases have been slow to return to
work from office due to inertia or changes in physical location, our ability to safeguard our systems may be adversely impacted, and we
may be more susceptible to data security breaches. 

Furthermore, a party that
is able to circumvent our security measures or exploit any vulnerabilities in our products could misappropriate our or our customers 
proprietary or confidential information, cause interruption in their operations, damage or misuse their computer systems, misuse any information
that they misappropriate, cause early termination of our contracts, subject us to notification and indemnity obligations, litigation,
and regulatory investigation or governmental sanctions, cause us to lose existing customers, and harm our ability to attract future customers.
Because our business is reliant on integration with EHR systems of healthcare providers, and the protection of sensitive patient information,
any such breach could cause harm to our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations, and we may incur significant
liability, and as a result our business and financial position may be harmed. 

Our business and reputation may be impacted
by IT system failures or other disruptions. 

We may be subject to IT systems
failures and network disruptions. These may be caused by natural disasters, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures,
acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, software updates, or other events or disruptions. System
redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Such failures
or disruptions could prevent access to or the delivery of certain of our products or services, compromise our data or our customers 
data or result in delayed or canceled orders, as well as potentially expose us to third-party claims. System failures and disruptions
could also impede our transactions processing services and financial reporting. 

War, terrorism, geopolitical
uncertainties, public health issues, pandemics, and other business disruptions have caused and could cause damage to the global economy,
and thus have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. Our business operations are subject
to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shortages, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, labor disputes, public health issues
and other issues beyond our control. Such events could decrease our demand for our products or services or make it difficult or impossible
for us to develop and deliver our products or services to our customers. A significant portion of our research and development activities,
our corporate headquarters, our IT systems and certain of our other critical business operations are concentrated in a few geographic
areas. In the event of a business disruption in one or more of those areas, our ability to provide medical note documentation services
could suffer, and we could incur significant losses, require substantial recovery time, and experience significant expenditures in order
to resume operations, which could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 

29 

Unauthorized use of our proprietary technology
and intellectual property could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Our success and competitive
position depend in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property rights protecting our products and services.
We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, know-how, confidentiality provisions and licensing
arrangements to establish and protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or discover
aspects of our products or to obtain, license, sell or otherwise use information that we regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized
use of our products is difficult and we may not be able to protect our technology from unauthorized use. Additionally, our competitors
may independently develop technologies that are substantially the same or superior to our technologies and that do not infringe our rights.
In these cases, we would be unable to prevent our competitors from selling or licensing these similar or superior technologies. In addition,
the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and litigation
may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the
proprietary rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Litigation, regardless of the outcome, can be
very expensive and can divert management focus and efforts. 

Our sales cycles are lengthy, and it is
difficult for us to predict when or if sales will occur. 

Our sales efforts are often
targeted at larger healthcare systems and large physician specialty practices, and as a result, we face greater costs, must devote greater
sales support to individual customers, have longer sales cycles and have less predictability in completing some of our sales. Also, sales
to large healthcare systems often require us to provide greater levels of education regarding the use and benefits of our products. In
2022, our average sales cycle length for a new customer across all customer segments was approximately three months. For physician practices,
the average was about one and a half months and approximately five months for large healthcare enterprises, as measured from the point
of initial contact with a potential client to the time a contract is signed. Our average sales cycle for an expansion of an existing client
was approximately one month. 

We believe that our customers
view the purchase of our products as a significant and strategic decision. As a result, customers carefully evaluate our products, often
over long periods with a variety of internal constituencies. In addition, the sales of our products may be subject to delays if the customer
has lengthy internal budgeting, integration, information security reviews, approval and evaluation processes, which are quite common in
the context of introducing large enterprise-wide technology products in the healthcare industry. As a result, it is difficult to predict
the timing of our future sales. 

We depend on our management team and our
key sales and development and services personnel, and the loss of one or more key employees or groups could harm our business and prevent
us from implementing our business plan in a timely manner. 

Our success depends on the
expertise, efficacy and continued services of our executive officers. We have in the past, and may in the future, continue to experience
changes in our executive management team resulting from the departure of executives or subsequent hiring of new executives, which may
be disruptive to our business. For example, in March 2019, we hired a Chief Operating Officer, in April 2019, we hired a Chief Revenue
Officer and a new Head of People, in January 2020, we hired a Chief Medical Officer, in July 2020, we hired a new Chief Financial Officer,
and in November 2020, we hired a new Chief Technology Officer. Any changes in business strategies or leadership can create uncertainty,
may negatively impact our ability to execute our business strategy quickly and effectively and may ultimately be unsuccessful. The impact
of hiring new executives may not be immediately realized. We are also dependent on the continued service of our existing development and
services personnel because of their familiarity with the inherent complexities of our systems and products. 

30 

Failure to adequately expand and train our
direct sales force will impede our growth. 

We rely almost exclusively
on our direct sales force to sell our products. We believe that our future growth will depend, to a significant extent, on the continued
development of our direct sales force and its ability to manage and retain our existing customer base, expand the sales of our products
to existing customers and obtain new customers. Because our product is complex and often must interoperate with complex healthcare provider
workflows and systems, it can take longer for our sales personnel to become fully productive. Our ability to achieve significant growth
in revenues in the future will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training and retaining a sufficient number of direct
sales personnel. New hires require significant training and may, in some cases, take considerable time before becoming fully productive,
if at all. If we are unable to hire and develop sufficient numbers of productive direct sales personnel, and if these sales personnel
are unable to achieve full productivity, sales of our products will suffer and our growth will be impeded. 

If we fail to increase market awareness
of our brand and products, expand our sales and marketing operations, improve our sales execution, and increase our sales channels, our
business could be harmed. 

We intend to continue to
add personnel and resources in sales and marketing as we focus on expanding awareness of our brand and products and capitalize on sales
opportunities with new and existing customers. Our efforts to improve sales of our products will result in an increase in our sales and
marketing and general and administrative expenses, and these efforts may not be successful. Some newly hired sales and marketing personnel
may subsequently be determined to be unproductive and have to be replaced, resulting in operational and sales delays and incremental costs.
If we are unable to significantly increase the awareness of our brand and products or effectively manage the costs associated with these
efforts, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 

We must increase the number
of our sales opportunities to grow our revenues. We must improve the market awareness of our products, expand our relationships with our
channel partners and create new channel partnerships, in order to increase our revenues. Further, we believe that we must continue to
develop our relationships with new and existing customers and partners and create additional sales opportunities to effectively and efficiently
extend our geographic reach and market penetration. Our efforts to improve our sales execution could result in a material increase in
our sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses, and there can be no assurance that such efforts will be successful. Some
of our competitors have significantly more resources to devote to brand awareness and marketing, which could adversely impact our ability
to build brand awareness and generate leads. Further, as we increase our efforts to target smaller medical practices and independent physicians
as well as leverage channel partnerships to drive sales, we may be unable to tailor our sales efforts to these strategies. If we are unable
to significantly improve our sales execution, increase the awareness of our products, create additional sales opportunities, expand our
relationships with channel partners, leverage our relationship with strategic partners, or effectively manage the costs associated with
these efforts, our operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our revenues are dependent on our ability
to maintain and expand existing customer relationships and our ability to attract new customers. 

The continued growth of our
revenues is dependent in part on our ability to expand the use of our products by existing customers and attract new customers. Our customers
have no obligation to renew their agreements after the expiration of the initial contract term, and there can be no assurance that they
will do so. We have had in the past, and may in the future, have customers discontinue the use of our products, which may impact such
customers decisions to continue to use our products. 

31 

If we are unable to expand
our customers use of our products (which principally involves ensuring that more physicians and clinicians within our existing
healthcare group customers adopt our products), maintain our renewal rates and expand our customer base, our revenues may decline or fail
to increase at historical growth rates, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. In addition, if our customers
experience dissatisfaction with our service in the future, we may find it more difficult to increase use of our products within our existing
customer base and it may be more difficult to attract new customers, or we may be required to grant credits or refunds, any of which could
negatively impact our operating results and materially harm our business. 

Our industry is highly competitive, and
we may not be able to compete effectively. 

Our industry is highly competitive,
highly fragmented and subject to rapid change. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our markets are service quality, breadth
and depth of services, technology and domain expertise, reliability of products, services and personnel, the ability to attract, train
and retain qualified people, compliance rigor, price, and marketing and sales capabilities. In particular, as AI/ML technology develops
further and begins to proliferate, competitors may be able to better utilize this technology to automate the medical note documentation
process, rendering our products less competitive. Furthermore, the recruitment and retention of MDSs has become more competitive in the
United States, Bangladesh, India and Sri Lanka as increasing opportunities emerge for our trained MDSs, and we may be unable to attract
and retain high quality people which could cause the quality and competitiveness of our medical note documentation products to suffer.
We compete for business with a variety of companies, including large multinational firms that provide consulting, technology and/or transcription
services, off-shore transcription service providers in low-cost locations, and in-house staff of potential customers. 

Some of our competitors have
greater financial, marketing, technological or other resources and larger client bases than we do and may expand their service offerings
and compete more effectively for customers and employees than we do. Some of our competitors have more established reputations and client
relationships in our markets than we do. There could also be new competitors that are more powerful as a result of strategic consolidation
of smaller competitors or of companies that each provide different services or service different industries. If our competitors develop,
acquire, or market technologies or products that are more effective than ours, this could reduce or eliminate our commercial opportunity. 

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic,
and shelter-in-place orders, many of our competitors providing in-person, real-time medical note documentation were forced to rapidly
adapt to shelter in place orders and employ technology for the delivery of their documentation products. As more of these in-person providers
shift to providing services remotely, we may face increased competition in the remote, real-time medical note documentation segment in
which we primarily operate. 

Increased competition may
result in lower prices and volumes, higher costs for resources, especially people, and lower profitability. We may not be able to supply
customers with services that they deem superior and at competitive prices and we may lose business to our competitors. Any inability to
compete effectively would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Our business is subject to the risks of
earthquakes, fire, floods and other natural catastrophic events, and to interruption by man-made problems such as power disruptions or
terrorism. 

Our corporate headquarters
are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity, and most of our MDSs and MDS Vendors are located in South
Asia, a region known to suffer terrorism and natural disasters, including floods, typhoons, droughts and epidemics or contagious diseases.
A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire or flood, or epidemic or contagious disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic,
occurring at our headquarters, our other facilities, or where our MDSs are located, could harm our business, operating results and financial
condition. In addition, acts of terrorism could cause disruptions in our business, the businesses of our customers and suppliers, or the
economy as a whole. We also rely on information technology systems to communicate among our workforce located worldwide, and in particular,
our senior management, general and administrative, and research and development activities that are coordinated with our corporate headquarters
in the San Francisco Bay Area. Any disruption to our internal communications, whether caused by a natural disaster, an epidemic or contagious
disease, or by man-made problems, such as power disruptions, in the San Francisco Bay Area, Bangladesh, India or Sri Lanka could delay
our research and development efforts, cause delays or cancellations of customer orders or delay deployment of our products, which could
harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

32 

Our use of open source and non-commercial
software components could impose risks and limitations on our ability to commercialize our products. 

Our products contain software
modules licensed under open source and other types of non-commercial licenses. We also may incorporate open source and other licensed
software into our products in the future. Use and distribution of such software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial
software, as licenses of these types generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims
or the quality of the code. Some of these licenses require the release of our proprietary source code to the public if we combine our
proprietary software with open-source software in certain manners. This could allow competitors to create similar products with lower
development effort and time and ultimately result in a loss of sales for us. 

The terms of many open source
and other non-commercial licenses have not been judicially interpreted, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a
manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products. In such event, in order
to continue offering our products, we could be required to seek licenses from alternative licensors, which may not be available on a commercially
reasonable basis or at all, to re-engineer our products or to discontinue the sale of our products in the event we cannot obtain a license
or re-engineer our products on a timely basis, any of which could harm our business and operating results. In addition, if an owner of
licensed software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of the corresponding license agreement, we could incur significant
legal costs defending ourselves against such allegations. In the event such claims were successful, we could be subject to significant
damages, be required to disclose our source code or be enjoined from the distribution of our products. 

We rely on a small number of third-party
service providers to host and deliver our products, and any interruptions or delays in services from these third parties could impair
the delivery of our cloud-based products and harm our business. 

We currently operate our
products primarily through third-party data centers. We do not control the operation of these facilities. These facilities are vulnerable
to damage or interruption from natural disasters, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures and similar events. They are also subject
to break-ins, computer viruses, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and other misconduct. The occurrence of a natural disaster or
an act of terrorism, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy
interruptions, which would have a serious adverse impact on our business. Additionally, our data center agreements are of limited duration,
subject to early termination rights in certain circumstances, may include inadequate indemnification and liability provisions, and the
providers of our data centers have no obligation to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 

We currently employ third-party
data centers in the United States for hosting our products and for retention of data, and we may transfer data to other providers or locations.
Despite precautions taken during this process, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair the delivery of our service. Interruptions in
our service, data loss or corruption may subject us to liability to our customers, cause customers to terminate their agreements and adversely
affect our renewal rates and our ability to attract new customers. Data transfers may also subject us to regional privacy and data protection
laws that apply to the transmission of customer data across international borders. 

We also depend on access
to the Internet through third-party bandwidth providers to operate our products. If we lose the services of one or more of our bandwidth
providers, or if these providers experience outages, for any reason, we could experience disruption in delivering our cloud-based products
or we could be required to retain the services of a replacement bandwidth provider. Any Internet, data center, or cloud hosting outages
or delays could adversely affect our ability to provide our products to our customers and may require us to provide service credits to
our customers that negatively impact our financial results. Our data center operations also rely heavily on the availability of electricity,
which also comes from third-party providers. If we or the third-party data center facilities that we use to deliver our services were
to experience a major power outage or if the cost of electricity were to increase significantly, our operations and financial results
could be harmed. If we or our third-party data centers were to experience a major power outage, we or they would have to rely on back-up
generators, which might not work properly or might not provide an adequate supply during a major power outage. Such a power outage could
result in a significant disruption of our business. 

33 

The estimates of market opportunity and
forecasts of market growth included in this Annual Report may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves
the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 

Market opportunity estimates
and growth forecasts included in this Annual Report, including those we have generated ourselves, are subject to significant uncertainty
and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate. The variables that go into the calculation of our market
opportunity are subject to change over time, and there is no guarantee that any particular number or percentage of addressable users or
companies covered by our market opportunity estimates will purchase our products at all or generate any particular level of revenues for
us. Any expansion in our market depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance, and perceived value associated with our
services relative toto those of our competitors. Even if the market in which we compete meets the size estimates and growth forecasted
in this Annual Report, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. Our growth is subject to many factors, including our
success in implementing our business strategy, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, the forecasts of market
growth included in this Annual Report should not be taken as indicative of our future growth. 

We may require additional capital to support
our business growth, and such capital may not be available. 

We intend to continue to
make investments to support business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, which include the need
to develop new products or enhance existing products, enhance our operating infrastructure, expand our sales and marketing capabilities,
and acquire complementary businesses, technologies or assets. Accordingly, we may need to engage in additional equity or debt financing
to secure funds. Equity and debt financing, however, might not be available when needed or, if available, might not be available on terms
satisfactory to us. If we raise additional funds through equity financing, our stockholders may experience dilution. Debt financing, if
available, may involve covenants restricting our operations or our ability to incur additional debt. If we are unable to obtain adequate
financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us in the future, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond
to business challenges could be significantly limited as we may have to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate some or all of our initiatives,
which could harm our operating results. 

Our Senior Secured Credit Facility Credit
Agreement provides our lenders with first-priority liens against substantially all of our assets, including our intellectual property,
and contain covenants and other restrictions on our actions, which could limit our operational flexibility and otherwise adversely affect
our financial condition. 

Our Senior Secured Credit
Facility Credit Agreements restricts our ability to, among other things: 

convey, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of our business or property; 

liquidate or dissolve; 

engage in any business other than the business currently engaged in or reasonably related thereto; 

engage in business combinations or acquisitions; 

incur additional indebtedness; 

allow any lien or encumbrance on any of our property; 

pay any dividends or repurchase any stock; or 

make payment on or amend the terms of any subordinated debt. 

34 

Our failure to comply with
the covenants or meet our payment requirements, or the occurrence of other events specified in our Senior Secured Credit Facilities Credit
Agreement, could result in an event of default under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities Credit Agreement, which would give our lenders
the ability to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable.
In addition, we have granted our lenders first-priority liens against all our personal property assets, including our intellectual property,
as collateral. If the debt under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities Credit Agreements was to be accelerated, we may not have sufficient
cash on hand to repay it. Further, in such an event, if we are unable to repay, refinance or restructure our indebtedness under our Senior
Secured Credit Facilities Credit Agreement, the holders of such debt could proceed against the collateral securing that indebtedness,
which may result in the loss of crucial assets, including our intellectual property rights. The acceleration of our obligations under
the Senior Secured Credit Facilities Credit Agreement, or the lender proceeding against the collateral securing such obligations, would
have an immediate adverse effect on our business and operating results. 

Our reported financial results may be adversely
affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles GAAP is subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB ), the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting
principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported operating results and financial
condition and could affect the reporting of transactions already completed before the announcement of a change. 

A significant change to the number and size
of subscriptions contracts in any one quarter will not be fully reflected in that quarter, and will have a bigger impact on the next quarter,
making future quarter revenue potentially difficult to predict and significant different than the most recently reported quarter. 

Under accounting standards
update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, ASC 606 ), we recognize revenues when our customer obtains control
of goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services. Our
subscription revenues consist of the monthly service fees for Live and Notes services. A significant increase or decline in our subscription
contracts in any one quarter may not be fully reflected in the results for that quarter but will affect our revenues in future quarters.
Such changes may make it challenging to forecast our revenues for future periods, as both the mix of products and services we will sell
in a given period, as well as the size of contracts, is difficult to predict. 

Given the foregoing factors,
our actual results could differ significantly from our estimates, and our past results may not be indicative of our future performance. 

If our estimates or judgments relating to
our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated
financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe
to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets, liabilities, and equity, and the amount of revenues and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant
estimates and judgments involve the average period of benefit associated with costs capitalized to obtain a revenue contract, incremental
borrowing rate, and stock-based compensation, including the underlying fair value of the Company s common stock for grants issued
when the Company was a private company. Our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances
differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and
investors, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our common stock. 

35 

We are exposed to fluctuations in currency
exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and operating results. 

Our sales contracts are denominated
in U.S. dollars. However, a portion of our operating expenses are incurred in Bangladesh and India and are denominated in Bangladeshi
Takas and Indian Rupees and are therefore subject to fluctuations due to changes in those currencies exchange rates in relation
to the U.S. dollar. Historically, we have not, and we currently do not, use foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge against certain
cash flow exposures resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We may decide to use forward currency contracts in the
future, but this hedging strategy may not ultimately be effective and may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

Employee wage increases may prevent us from
sustaining our competitive advantage and may reduce our profit margin. 

A
significant part of our competitive advantage has historically been a wage cost advantage relative to companies in the U.S. and the ability
to attract and retain skilled employees outside the U.S. We believe, however, that because of rapid economic growth in India, Sri Lanka,
and Bangladesh and the increased competition for skilled employees in those countries, wages for comparably skilled employees are increasing
at a faster rate than in the U.S., which may reduce this competitive advantage. We may need to increase the levels of employee compensation
more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting and retaining the quality and number of employees that our business
requires. To the extent that we are not able to control or share wage increases with our customers, wage increases may reduce our margins.
We will attempt to control such costs through increased reliance on technologies, such as AI and ML, in the delivery of our services,
but we may not be successful in doing so. 

Financial volatility and geopolitical instability
outside of the U.S. may adversely impact the U.S. and global economies. 

We could experience negative
impacts to our business and results of operations as a result of macroeconomic, geopolitical and other challenges, uncertainties and volatility.
For example, the ongoing action of Russian military forces and support personnel in Ukraine has escalated tensions between Russia and
the U.S., the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the European Union (the EU and the United Kingdom (the U.K. ).
The U.S. has imposed financial and economic sanctions and export controls against certain Russian organizations and/or individuals, with
similar actions, either implemented or planned by the EU, the U.K. and other jurisdictions. The U.S., the EU, and the U.K. each imposed
packages of financial and economic sanctions that, in various ways, constrain transactions with numerous Russian entities and individuals;
transactions in Russian sovereign debt; and investment, trade, and financing to, from, or in certain regions of Ukraine. The action of
Russian military forces and support personnel in Ukraine and the foregoing actions by the U.S., the EU, the U.K. and other jurisdictions
could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. It is not possible to predict to what extent the ongoing events may negatively
impact economies around the world, including the U.S. Continued adverse economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Adverse developments affecting the
financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions
or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and its financial condition and
results of operations. 

We regularly maintain cash
balances at third-party financial institutions, such as Silicon Valley Bank SVB ), in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation FDIC insurance limit. We are also party to a term loan and revolving credit facility (the Revolving
Credit Facility with SVB, pursuant to a loan and security agreement we entered into with SVB on May 4, 2022. On March 10, 2023,
SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the FDIC as receiver. Although the
Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC issued a joint statement on March 12, 2023 that all depositors of SVB would
have access to all of their money after only one business day of closure, including funds held in uninsured deposit accounts, if another
depository institution is subject to other adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets, it could impact access to our invested
cash or cash equivalents and could adversely impact our operating liquidity and financial performance. Further, if we are unable to access
the remaining incremental funds under our Revolving Credit Facility, it could also adversely impact our operating liquidity and financial
performance. In addition, if any parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending
arrangements with such a financial institution, such parties ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial
arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected. 

36 

RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON STOCK 

The market price and trading volume of our
common stock may be volatile and could decline. 

The market price of our common
stock has fluctuated substantially due to a variety of factors, including market perception of our ability to meet our growth projections
and expectations, quarterly operating results of other companies in the same industry, trading volume in our common stock, changes in
investors willingness to invest in financial markets and support loss making companies, changes in general conditions in the economy
and the financial markets or other developments affecting our business and the business of others in our industry. In addition, the stock
market itself is subject to extreme price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had a significant effect on the market price of
securities issued by many companies for reasons related and unrelated to their operating performance and has had the same effect on our
common stock. The market price of shares of our common stock is subject to wide fluctuations in response to many risk factors listed in
this section, and others beyond our control, including: 

the realization of any of the risk factors presented in this Annual Report; 

actual or anticipated differences in our estimates, or in the estimates of analysts, for our revenues, results of operations, level of indebtedness, liquidity or financial condition; 

additions and departures of key personnel; 

failure to comply with the requirements of Nasdaq; 

failure to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or other laws or regulations; 

changes to healthcare laws and laws governing EHR systems; 

future issuances, sales, resales or repurchases or anticipated issuances, sales, resales or repurchases, of our common stock; 

publication of research reports about us, or the medical records industry generally; 

the performance and market valuations of other similar companies; 

broad disruptions in the financial markets, including sudden disruptions in the credit markets; 

speculation in the press or investment community; 

actual, potential or perceived control, accounting or reporting problems; and 

changes in accounting principles, policies and guidelines. 

In the past, securities class-action
litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their shares. This type
of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources, which could have a material
adverse effect on us. 

37 

We are subject to additional regulations
and continued requirements as a result of having securities listed on Nasdaq. 

As an exchange-listed public
company, we are required to meet the continued listing standards for Nasdaq. We must meet certain financial and liquidity criteria to
maintain the listing of our common stock on Nasdaq. If we fail to meet any of Nasdaq s listing standards, our securities may be
delisted. Nasdaq requires that the trading price of its listed stocks remain above one dollar in order for the stock to remain listed.
If a listed stock trades below one dollar for more than 30 consecutive trading days, then it is subject to delisting from Nasdaq. In addition,
to maintain a listing on Nasdaq, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and standards, including those
regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders equity, and certain corporate governance
requirements. If we are unable to satisfy these requirements or standards, we could be subject to delisting, which would have a negative
effect on the price of our common stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. In
the event of a delisting, we would expect to take actions to restore our compliance with the listing requirements, but we can provide
no assurance that any such action taken by us would allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price, or improve
the liquidity of our common stock, or prevent future non-compliance with the listing requirements. A delisting of our securities from
Nasdaq may materially impair our stockholders ability to buy and sell our securities and could have an adverse effect on the market
price of, and the efficiency of the trading market for, our securities. 

We are obligated to maintain proper and
effective internal controls over financial reporting. If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal controls
over financial reporting, or are unable to remediate any deficiencies or material weaknesses therewith, our ability to produce timely
and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. In addition, the presence of material
weaknesses increases the risk of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. 

The Company is currently
a public company and is required, pursuant to Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other
things, the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting on its annual report on Form 10-K. Effective internal control
over financial reporting is necessary for reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, such
internal controls are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered
in their implementation, could cause us to fail to meet its reporting obligations. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors
to lose confidence in reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 

In connection with the preparation
of our financial statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, we identified a material weakness in internal control over financial
reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that
there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be
prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because the control deficiency described below could have resulted in a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements, we determined that this deficiency constitutes a material weakness. 

The material weakness is
with respect to our internal control over the regular review, and application of accounting policies as the company grew and its operations
changed. Our management is committed to remediating this material weakness and is implementing several steps to enhance our internal controls,
including (i) improving the overall design of our internal control environment, (ii) implementing additional internal controls over the
annual review of all relevant accounting policies, particularly in areas where our operations have changed, and (ii) adding additional
resources and expertise to our finance function to enhance the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting. We are working
to complete this remediation process as soon as we are reasonably able. A large minority of smaller reporting companies have material
weaknesses, many of which last a number of years. 

38 

We may discover additional
material weaknesses that require additional time and resources to remediate. The existence of any material weakness or significant deficiency
requires management to devote significant time and incur significant expense to remediate. The existence of any material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting could also result in errors in our financial statements that could require us to restate our
financial statements, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and cause shareholders to lose confidence in our reported financial
information, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business and stock price. 

The report by management
needs to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified in internal controls over financial reporting. However, for as long
as we are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act following the consummation of the Merger, our independent registered
public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Management s ongoing assessment of internal controls could detect additional problems with internal
controls, and could result in the identification of additional material weaknesses that were not otherwise identified. Undetected additional
material weaknesses in internal controls could lead to financial statement restatements and require us to incur the expense of remediation.
We are required to disclose changes made to internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis. To comply with the public company requirements,
we may need to undertake various actions, such as implementing new internal controls and procedures and hiring additional accounting or
internal audit staff. 

If we are unable to assert
that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, including as a result of the material weaknesses described above, we
could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of financial reports, which would cause the price of our common stock
to decline, and we may be subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. 

Because we became a reporting company under
the Exchange Act by means other than a traditional underwritten initial public offering, we may not be able to attract or retain the attention
of research analysts at major brokerage firms. 

Because we did not become
a reporting company by conducting an underwritten initial public offering of our common stock, and because we were not initially listed
on a national securities exchange, security analysts of brokerage firms may not provide or continue coverage of our Company. In addition,
investment banks may be less likely to agree to underwrite follow-on offerings on our behalf than they might if we became a public reporting
company by means of an underwritten initial public offering, because they may be less familiar with our Company as a result of more limited
coverage by analysts and the media, and because we became public at an early stage in our development. The failure to receive new or continue
existing research coverage or support in the market for our shares could have an adverse effect on our ability to develop a liquid market
for our common stock. 

We are an emerging growth company and a
smaller reporting company, and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable
to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to
take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies,
including: 

not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal controls over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and annual report on Form 10-K; and 

exemptions from the requirements of holding non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

39 

We could be an emerging growth
company for up to five years following the completion of the initial public offering of Malo Holdings Corporation. Our status as an emerging
growth company will end as soon as any of the following takes place: 

the last day of the fiscal year in which we have more than 1.07 billion in annual revenues; 

the date we qualify as a large accelerated filer, with at least 700 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates; 

the date on which we have issued, in any three-year period, more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or 

the last day of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of the completion of the first sale of our equity securities pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act. 

We cannot predict if investors
will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on any of the exemptions afforded emerging growth companies. If some investors
find our common stock less attractive because we rely on any of these exemptions, there may be a less active trading market for our common
stock and the market price of our common stock may be more volatile. 

Under the JOBS Act, emerging
growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies.
We have elected to avail ourselves of this provision of the JOBS Act. As a result, we will not be subject to new or revised accounting
standards at the same time as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. Therefore, our consolidated financial statements
may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

We are also a smaller
reporting company as defined in the Exchange Act. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company even after we
are no longer an emerging growth company. We may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies
and will be able to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates
is less than 250.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or our annual revenues is less than 100.0
million during the most recently completed fiscal year and our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than
 700.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. 

We may face risks related to securities
litigation that could result in significant legal expenses and settlement or damage awards. 

We may in the future become
subject to claims and litigation alleging violations of the securities laws or other related claims, which could harm our business and
require us to incur significant costs. Significant litigation costs could impact our ability to comply with certain financial covenants
under our credit agreement. We are generally obliged, to the extent permitted by law, to indemnify our current and former directors and
officers who are named as defendants in these types of lawsuits. Regardless of the outcome, litigation may require significant attention
from management and could result in significant legal expenses, settlement costs or damage awards that could have a material impact on
our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

40 

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter
documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may
prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 

Our restated certificate
of incorporation and our restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our company. These provisions
could also make it difficult for stockholders to elect directors who are not nominated by current members of our board of directors or
take other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. These provisions include: 

establish a classified board of directors so that not all members of our board are elected at one time; 

permit only the board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill vacancies on the board; 

provide that directors may only be removed for cause and only with the approval of two-thirds of our stockholders; 

require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws; 

authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our board could use to implement a stockholder rights plan; 

eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; 

prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 

prohibit cumulative voting; and 

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. 

In addition, our restated
certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for: any derivative
action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising
pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), our restated certificate of incorporation, or our restated bylaws;
or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 

Section 22 of the Securities
Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Our restated bylaws will provide that the federal district courts of the United
States of America will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of
action arising under the Securities Act Federal Forum Provision ). Our decision to adopt a Federal Forum Provision followed
a decision by the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware holding that such provisions are facially valid under Delaware law. While there
can be no assurance that federal courts or state courts will follow the holding of the Delaware Supreme Court or determine that the Federal
Forum Provision should be enforced in a particular case, application of the Federal Forum Provision means that suits brought by our stockholders
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act must be brought in federal court and cannot be brought in state court.
While neither the exclusive forum provision nor the Federal Forum Provision applies to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by
the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, actions by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder also must be brought in federal court. Our stockholders will not be deemed
to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

41 

Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to our exclusive
forum provisions, including the Federal Forum Provision. These provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in
a judicial forum of their choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against
us and our directors, officers, and other employees. 

In addition, Section 203
of the DGCL may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on mergers,
business combinations and other transactions between us and holders of 15 or more of our common stock. 

We do not anticipate paying dividends on
our common stock, and investors may lose the entire amount of their investment. 

Cash dividends have never
been declared or paid on our common stock, and we do not anticipate such a declaration or payment for the foreseeable future. Any future
determination about the payment of dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our earnings,
if any, capital requirements, operating and financial conditions, contractual restrictions, including any loan or debt financing agreements,
and on such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. In addition, we may enter into agreements in the future that could
contain restrictions on payments of cash dividends. We expect to use future earnings, if any, to fund business growth. Therefore, stockholders
will not receive any funds absent a sale of their shares of common stock. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable
because a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. We cannot assure stockholders of a positive return
on their investment when they sell their shares, nor can we assure that stockholders will not lose the entire amount of their investment. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may limit
a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

The Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority, Inc. FINRA has adopted rules requiring that, in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must
have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative or low-priced
securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s
financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA has indicated its
belief that there is a high probability that speculative or low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. If
these FINRA requirements are applicable to us or our securities, they may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that
at least some of their customers buy our common stock, which may limit the ability of our stockholders to buy and sell our common stock
and could have an adverse effect on the market for and price of our common stock. 

Substantial future sales of shares of our
common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

Pursuant to the registration
rights agreement we entered into with certain holders of our common stock issued in connection with the Merger and the Private Placement
(as defined below) following the Effective time of the Merger or held by our pre-Merger stockholders (the Registration Rights Agreement ),
we agreed, at our expense, and filed a registration statement with the Securities Exchange Commission SEC registering
the resale of up to 29,174,239 shares of our common stock and warrants, which consists of shares of our common stock and warrants that
are held by our pre-Merger stockholders or were issued in connection with the Merger and the Private Placement. Following declaration
of the registration statement s effectiveness by the SEC on February 4, 2021 (the Prior Registration Statement ), the
Prior Registration Statement permits the resale of these shares at any time for up to three years following the effective date of such
registration statement. The resale, or expected or potential resale, of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public
market could adversely affect the market price for our common stock and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our common stock
at times and prices that you feel are appropriate. Sales of a substantial number of such shares could cause our market price to fall or
make it more difficult for you to sell your common stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate. Furthermore, we expect that selling
stockholders will continue to offer shares covered by the Prior Registration Statement in significant amounts and for a significant period
of time, the precise duration of which cannot be predicted. Accordingly, the adverse market and price pressures may continue for an extended
period of time, and continued negative pressure on the market price of our common stock could have a material adverse effect on our ability
to raise additional equity capital. 

42 

A lack of research analyst coverage could
materially and adversely affect the trading price and liquidity of our common stock. 

We cannot assure you that
research analysts will maintain research coverage of Augmedix. A lack of research could materially and adversely affect the trading price
and liquidity of our common stock. 

Redmile has significant influence over us. 

Entities affiliated with Redmile Group LLC Redmile own approximately 40.7 of our outstanding common stock. As long as Redmile owns or controls a significant percentage of outstanding voting
power, Redmile will have the ability to significantly influence corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including the election
of directors, amendments to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, the approval of any merger or other significant corporate transaction. 

Our restated certificate of incorporation
provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for
certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit stockholders ability to obtain a more favorable judicial forum for disputes
with us or its directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

Our restated certificate
of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in name of the Company, actions against
directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought in the Court of Chancery in the
State of Delaware or, if that court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, another federal or state court situated in the State of Delaware.
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented
to the forum provisions in the certificate of incorporation. In addition, our restated bylaws provide that the federal district courts
of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action under the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act. 

In March 2020, the Delaware Supreme
Court issued a decision in Salzburg et al. v. Sciabacucchi, which
found that an exclusive forum provision providing for claims under the Securities Act to be brought in federal court is facially valid
under Delaware law. It is unclear whether this decision will be appealed, or what the final outcome of this case will be. We intend to
enforce this provision, but we do not know whether courts in other jurisdictions will agree with this decision or enforce it. 

This choice of forum provision
may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the company or
any of its directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively,
if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in the certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable
in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business,
operating results and financial condition. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We have various operating
leases for office space located in the United States, Bangladesh and India. Our corporate headquarters are located in San Francisco, California,
where we lease approximately 12,936 square feet of office space under a lease agreement that expires in February 2025. 

We also lease corporate office
space in Dhaka, Bangladesh, which includes 23,578 square feet of corporate office space used for our operations, 900 square feet of office
space used as an additional overflow workspace for certain employees and 3,800 square feet of commercial space used for MDS training under
a lease agreement which automatically renews quarterly unless notice is provided to terminate. On January 31, 2023, we leased 54,824 square
feet of new office space in Dhaka under a lease agreement that expires in April 2028. This new office space will eventually replace our
other office space in Dhaka and be used to expand our Bangladesh operations. 

Further, in Bangalore, India,
we lease 13,500 square feet of corporate office space under a lease agreement that expires in December 2027. 

We believe the recently leased
space in Dhaka and India will accommodate our needs and further growth. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not a party to any
material pending legal proceedings. From time to time, we may become involved in lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary
course of business. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

43 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

MARKET INFORMATION AND HOLDERS OF RECORD 

On March 29, 2021, shares
of our common stock were approved for trading on the OTCQX under the symbol AUGX . Since October 26, 2021, our common stock
has been listed for trading on Nasdaq under the symbol AUGX. Quotations for our common stock while it was quoted on the
OTCQX Best Market reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions. 

HOLDERS OF RECORD 

As of March 15, 2023, there
were approximately 1,246 stockholders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of
record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street names by brokers and other nominees. 

DIVIDEND POLICY 

We currently intend to retain
future earnings, if any, to maintain and expand our operations. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock and
we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend
policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors in light of conditions then-existing, including factors such as our results
of operations, financial conditions and requirements, business conditions and covenants under any applicable contractual arrangements. 

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES; USE
OF PROCEEDS FROM REGISTERED SECURITIES 

In connection with the Loan
and Security Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2022, by and between us and Augmedix Operating Corporation, as borrowers, and Silicon Valley
Bank, as lender SVB ), we issued to SVB a warrant to purchase stock, dated as of May 4, 2022 (the Warrant ),
to purchase up to 48,295 shares of our common stock, exercisable at any time for a period of approximately seven years from May 4, 2022,
at an exercise price of 2.38 per share, payable in cash or on a cashless basis according to the formula set forth in the Warrant. 

The issuance of the Warrant
was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, pursuant to 4(a)(2) thereof and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder.
We relied on the above exemption from registration based in part on the representations made by SVB, including the representation with
respect to SVB s status as an accredited investor, as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities Act, and Lender s
investment intent. 

44 

ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You should read the following
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and
the related notes and other financial information included in this Annual Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion
and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business,
includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties as described under the heading Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements elsewhere in this Annual Report. You should review the disclosure under the heading Risk Factors 
in this Annual Report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described
in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 

Overview 

The medical note documentation
burden in the United States is significant and is a major contributor to physician burnout. According to a 2019 study in the Annals of
Internal Medicine, physician burnout costs in the U.S. healthcare industry are 4.6 billion per year due to lost productivity and higher
turnover, with the cost of replacing a single physician estimated to be between 100,000 and 1 million. It also is adversely impacting
industry productivity because the considerable amount of time spent on documentation could be better utilized by seeing more patients. 

Physicians and health systems
in the United States often turn to 3 rd party service providers and Health IT solutions to alleviate these swelling
documentation burdens. Available products range in scope from in-person human scribing services, physically present at the point of care,
to Health IT products such as single-party dictation and ambient documentation solutions. We are a provider of ambient documentation
products that are uniquely able to convert the natural conversation between physicians and patients into timely and comprehensive medical
notes. 

Augmedix, Inc. was incorporated
in 2013 and launched its commercial synchronous, remote documentation services in 2014. Clinicians access our applications primarily through
mobile devices such as smartphones with approximately 5 on Google Glass. Once accessed, the client application provides clinicians with
a secure communication channel to our Notebuilder Platform which contains our note creation software that is utilized by our Medical Documentation
Specialists MDSs ). Our note creation software includes proprietary natural language processing NLP models,
large language models LLMs and structured data models to generate the note, with assistance from the MDS. Completed notes
are uploaded via integration or manually into the patient s chart in the electronic health record EHR system. The
EHR system (e.g. Epic, Cerner) is third-party software licensed by the healthcare clinic or system to manage patient charts. 

Patient care in the United
States is principally provided in ambulatory clinics, specialty care centers and hospitals. We serve all care settings. Roughly 80 of
the physicians who subscribe to our service are employed directly by, or are affiliated with, a healthcare enterprise. The remaining
20 consists of group practices and individual practitioners. 

45 

During the fourth quarter of 2022, we delivered over 50,000 notes to
our customers each week. We estimate that our products save doctors two to three hours each day, which is time that they can redeploy
to see more patients or improve their work-life balance. We believe the principal benefits to healthcare enterprises from our products
are increased productivity and higher clinician and patient satisfaction. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and
resulting safety protocols served as a catalyst for the industry s adoption of virtual products such as ours. The pandemic required
modifications to how we deliver our service. While our general business model is for MDSs to work from centralized operating centers,
local shelter-in-place orders and safety restrictions required us to shift to work-from-home for a period of time for most employees and
contracted employees. Further, we instituted additional administrative, technical, and physical controls to ensure compliance with our
privacy practices. In 2022 we started to shift back to central operating centers to the extent that local conditions allowed. 

Our technology vision is
to automate as much of the medical note creation process as possible by combining artificial intelligence technologies, such as automated
speech recognition, natural language processing and large language models, with structured data models. While the unstructured nature
of a conversation between physician and patient creates challenges to fully automating the process, we believe that increasing levels
of automation generate significant benefits including improved operating efficiencies, higher-quality medical notes, a more uniform level
of note quality and structured medical data. 

Our automation approach is based upon our belief
that harmonizing human interaction with technology generates the highest note quality. We train our MDSs to be experts at using our technology
tools to consistently and efficiently deliver high-quality, structured medical notes. 

COVID-19 Pandemic Update 

In light of the uncertain
and evolving situation relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and emerging variants, we took measures intended to help minimize the risk of
transmitting the virus to our employees and contractors, our customers and the communities in which we participate, which could negatively
impact our business. In 2020 and 2021, these measures included temporarily requiring all non-essential employees to work remotely, suspending
all non-essential travel worldwide for our employees, canceling, postponing or holding virtually Company-sponsored events and discouraging
employee attendance at industry events and in-person work-related meetings. In 2022, several of these aforementioned restrictions were
removed. While we have a distributed workforce and our employees are accustomed to working remotely or working with other remote employees,
our workforce is not fully remote. Under normal conditions, our employees travel frequently to establish and maintain relationships with
one another and with our customers, partners and investors. Some of our U.S.-based and internationally-based MDSs still work remotely,
which may have an adverse impact on our business due to decreased morale among MDSs, increased strain on IT systems, increased difficulty
in ensuring compliance with our data security and compliance policies, and increased difficulty in the training, development and recruitment
of new MDSs. Our ability to service our customers with MDSs working remotely is contingent upon the consent of our customers, which some
customers may not provide in the future as conditions improve and the perceived need for such arrangements diminishes. 

Although we continue to monitor
the situation, including local guidance, and have implemented a return to office plan, the COVID-19 pandemic remains unpredictable, and
the emergence of other variants could require that we reevaluate our return to office plan. If we are unable to return to our offices
and cutback current restrictions, continued limitations on travel and doing business in-person could negatively impact our marketing efforts,
our ability to enter into customer contracts in a timely manner, our international expansion efforts, and our ability to recruit employees
across the organization. The potential adverse impact in sales and marketing, in particular, could have longer term effects on our sales
pipeline, which could harm our business. 

Our management team has,
and will likely continue, to spend time, attention and resources monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic and emerging variants to manage its
effects on our business and workforce. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and emerging variants and our precautionary measures
may impact our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. 

46 

Listing on the OTCQX Market 

On March 29, 2021, shares
of our common stock were approved for trading on the OTCQX Best Market under the symbol AUGX. 

Underwritten Public Offering 

On October 28, 2021, we
completed our underwritten public offering, at which time we issued an aggregate of 10,000,000 shares of our common stock at a price
of 4.00 per share. In addition, we granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,500,000 shares of our
common stock at a price of 4.00 per share. This option was not exercised. We received net proceeds of approximately 35.9 million, after
deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 3.2 million and other offering expenses of 0.9 million. 

Listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market 

On October 26, 2021, shares of our common stock
were listed for trading on Nasdaq under the symbol AUGX. 

Key metrics 

We regularly review the following
key metrics to measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections, make strategic business
decisions, and assess working capital needs. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Key Metrics 

Average clinicians in service headcount 
 1,093 
 750 
 
 Average annual revenue per clinician 
 27,900 
 29,200 
 
 Dollar-based net revenue retention rate 
 128 
 124 

Average Clinicians in
Service Headcount : We define a clinician in service as an individual doctor, nurse practitioner or other healthcare professional
using our services. We average the month end number of clinicians in service for all months in the measurement period and the number
of clinicians in service at the end of the month immediately preceding the measurement period. We believe growth in the average number
of clinicians in service is a key indicator of the performance of our business as it demonstrates our ability to penetrate the market
and grow our business. Most of our customer contracts contain minimum service levels that range from a low of 60 hours per month to a
high of 220 hours per month. Higher hours per month equate to higher revenue per clinician. The average number of clinicians in service
grew 46 and stood at 1,093 and 750 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Average Annual Revenue
Per Clinician : Average revenue per clinician is determined as total revenue, excluding Data Services revenue, recognized during the
period presented divided by the average number of clinicians in service during that same period. Using the number of clinicians in service
at the end of each month, we derive an average number of clinicians in service for the periods presented. The average annual revenue
per clinician will vary based upon minimum hours of service requested by clinicians, pricing, and our product mix. The average annual
revenue per clinician decreased 4 to approximately 27,900 in fiscal 2022 from 29,200 in fiscal 2021 due to a mix shift to more clinicians
utilizing our Notes offering, which has a lower average revenue per user (ARPU), and more clinicians in acute clinical settings. 

47 

Dollar-Based Net Revenue
Retention Rate : We define a Health Enterprise as a company or network of doctors that have at least 50 clinicians currently
employed or affiliated that could utilize our services. Dollar-based net revenue retention is determined as the revenue from Health Enterprises
as of twelve months prior to such period end as compared to revenue from these same Health Enterprises as of the current period end,
or current period revenue. Current period revenue includes any expansion or new products and is net of contraction or churn over the
trailing twelve months but excludes revenue from new Health Enterprises in the current period. We believe growth in dollar-based net
revenue retention is a key indicator of the performance of our business as it demonstrates our ability to increase revenue across our
existing customer base through expansion of users and products, as well as our ability to retain existing customers. Our annual dollar-based
net revenue retention increased to 128 in fiscal 2022 from 124 in fiscal 2021 with the increase driven both by significant expansion
of several health enterprises to whom we have meaningful revenue exposure. Growth from existing clients has historically represented
a majority of our total revenue growth. 

Components of Results of Operations 

Revenues 

Our revenues primarily consist
of service fees we charge customers to subscribe to our remote medical documentation and clinical support products. We generate subscription
fees pursuant to contracts that typically have initial terms of one year, automatically renew after the initial term, and are subject
to a 30-day to 90-day cancellation notice after the initial one year term. Customer attrition, as it pertains to our Enterprise clients,
is infrequent. In fiscal 2022, 2021, 2019, 2018, and 2017, we did not lose any of our Health Enterprise clients. We lost three Health
Enterprise clients in fiscal 2020, with the COVID-19 pandemic being the main contributing factor for these losses, but we also won three
new Health Enterprise clients during 2020. Subscription revenue is driven primarily by the number of clinicians using our services, the
minimum number of hours contracted per month, and the contracted monthly price. We typically invoice customers one to three months in
advance for subscriptions to our services. For customers who consistently use more or less than their monthly tier hours, we have the
ability to adjust these clinicians to a higher or lower hourly tier after notification. For a select number of customers, we bill any
additional hours utilized, above their tier, at a prescribed contractual price. We also perform upfront implementation services such
as assessing the adequacy of clinician facility Wi-Fi capabilities, shipping devices and accessories to clinicians, testing, selecting
and assigning MDSs, obtaining EHR credentials for the MDSs, and clinician orientation. Revenues associated with implementation efforts
are deferred and recognized over the period the customer benefits. 

Cost of Revenues and Gross Profit 

Cost of Revenues .
Our cost of revenues primarily consists of the cost of the MDSs, some of whom are employees of our Vendors and some of whom are our employees,
their direct supervisors, clinician support, and technical support. Cost of revenues also consists of infrastructure costs to operate
our SaaS-based platform such as hosting fees and fees paid to various third-party partners for access to their technology, plus hardware
depreciation and cost of shipping for the devices and accessories we provide to our clinicians. 

Gross Profit. Our
gross profit is calculated by subtracting our cost of revenues from revenues. Gross margin is expressed as a percentage of total
revenues. Our gross profit may fluctuate from period to period as revenues fluctuate and as a result of the mix of MDS centers from which
service is provided, operational efficiencies, product mix, and changes to our technology expenses and customer support. 

Our gross profit varies
by MDS center. We plan to focus on and grow the operations of the MDS centers with the best quality and highest gross margin. We intend
to continue to invest additional resources in our platform infrastructure. We will also continue to invest in technology innovation,
such as Notebuilder, to reduce the level of effort required by MDSs and the number of MDSs needed overall to deliver our services. We
expect these optimization efforts and our investment in technology to expand the efficiency and capability of our platform, enabling
us to improve our gross margin over time. The level and timing of investment in these areas, plus the mix of MDS centers, could affect
our cost of revenues in the future. 

48 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative
expenses consist primarily of employee compensation costs for operations management, finance, accounting, insurance, information technology,
compliance, legal and human resources personnel, board of director costs, and our business support team in Bangladesh. In addition, general
and administrative expenses include non-personnel costs, such as facilities, legal, accounting, insurance premiums, and other professional
fees, as well as other supporting corporate expenses not allocated to other departments. We expect our general and administrative expenses
will increase in absolute dollars as our business grows, but we expect general and administrative expenses to decrease as a percent of
revenues in the coming years. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses
consist primarily of employee compensation costs related to sales and marketing, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, and stock-based
compensation, costs of general marketing activities and promotional activities, travel-related expenses, and allocated overhead. Sales
and marketing expenses also include onboarding costs for new clinicians and costs for advertising and other marketing activities. Advertising
is expensed as incurred. We expect our sales and marketing expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we expand our sales and
marketing efforts and onboarding capacity. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development
expenses consist of costs for the design, development, testing, and enhancement of our products and services and are generally expensed
as incurred. These costs consist primarily of personnel costs, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, and stock-based compensation for
our development personnel. Research and development expenses also include direct MDS training costs, product management, third-party
partner fees, and third-party consulting fees. We expect our research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars as our
business grows, but as a percent of revenues, R D expenses are expected to decrease. 

Interest Expense, net 

Interest expense, net, consists
primarily of the interest incurred on our debt obligations and the non-cash interest expense associated with the amortization of debt
discounts. Interest expense is offset by any interest income we earn on our cash balances held in our interest-bearing savings account
or money market funds. 

49 

Other Income (Expense) 

Other income (expenses) consists
of Bangladesh government grant income, foreign currency gains and losses due to exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated
in a currency other than our functional currency, gains or losses on disposals, and the 2021 and 2022 losses on the extinguishment of
our previous debt facilities. 

The following table summarizes
the results of our operations for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 30,933 
 22,165 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 16,979 
 12,158 
 
 Gross profit 
 13,954 
 10,007 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 
 16,893 
 13,759 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 9,283 
 7,121 
 
 Research and development 
 10,149 
 6,678 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 36,325 
 27,558 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (22,371 
 (17,551 
 
 Other income (expenses): 

Interest expense 
 (1,675 
 (2,252 
 
 Interest income 
 245 
 15 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment 
 (1,097 
 (246 
 
 Forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 
 2,180 
 
 Other income (expenses) 
 560 
 437 
 
 Total other income (expenses), net 
 (1,967 
 134 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 111 
 47 
 
 Net loss 
 (24,449 
 (17,464 

Comparison for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021: 

Revenues 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Revenues 
 30,933 
 22,165 
 8,768 
 40 

Revenues increased 40 ,
or 8.8 million, to 30.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 22.2 million during the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to a 46 increase in the average number of clinicians in service but offset by a 4 
lower average ARPU. The increase in clinicians in service was driven predominantly by our existing Health Enterprises adding physicians,
growth of the clinicians using the Notes product, and the growth of physician practices. Dollar-based net revenue retention for our health
enterprises was 128 in the year ended December 31, 2022, and our existing Health Enterprises added 5.2 million to revenue. The growth
in the number of clinicians in service among our physician practices, new enterprises and our Notes customers added 3.5 million in revenue,
while Data Services added 0.1 million. 

50 

Cost of Revenues and Gross Margin 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 16,979 
 12,158 
 4,821 
 40 

Cost of revenues increased
 4.8 million, or 40 to 17.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 12.2 million during the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to a 4.4 million increase in MDS costs to service the growth in clinicians in service
during 2022. In addition, third-party hosting costs increased by 0.5 million due to increased usage from growth of clinicians. During
2022, our exposure to US-serviced clinicians increased, which lowered our gross margins as US-serviced clinicians have our highest cost
of revenue due to US labor costs. Operating efficiencies in our MDS operations, cloud hosting, and customer support partially offset
this higher US-serviced clinician exposure and our gross margin was 45.1 during the year ended December 31, 2022, which was unchanged
from the 45.1 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 General and administrative 
 16,893 
 13,759 
 3,134 
 23 

General and administrative
expenses increased 3.1 million to 16.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 13.8 million during the year
ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to a 1.6 million increase in salaries, a 1.0 million increase in legal
fees, insurance premiums, professional fees, compliance costs and other incremental costs associated with being a public company, and
a 0.3 million increase in recruiting and travel fees. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 9,283 
 7,121 
 2,162 
 30 

Sales and marketing expenses
increased 2.2 million to 9.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 7.1 million during the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to 1.3 million of additional salary-related expense due to increased headcount in
our Customer Account Management and Sales team and increased commissions, and another 0.1 million due to additional headcount on the
Analytics Insight team. The increase was also attributable to an incremental 0.3 million investment in advertising, internal marketing
headcount and expanded outsourced marketing services. Lastly, expenses grew 0.5 million due to a larger customer onboarding team to
support the growing number of clinicians launching our services. 

51 

Research and Development Expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Research and development 
 10,149 
 6,678 
 3,471 
 52 

Research and development
expenses increased 3.5 million to 10.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 6.7 million during the year
ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to a 1.7 million investment into engineering and product headcount,
and an increase of 1.8 million in training costs in order to grow our MDS pool to keep up with the demand of the growing clinician base. 

Other Income (Expense) 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Interest expense 
 (1,675 
 (2,252 
 (577 
 26 
 
 Interest income 
 245 
 15 
 230 
 1,533 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment 
 (1,097 
 (246 
 (851 
 346 
 
 Forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 
 2,180 
 (2,180 
 (100 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 560 
 437 
 123 
 28 

(1,967 
 134 
 (2,101 
 (1,568 

Our interest expense decreased
 0.6 million to 1.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021,
due the improved interest rate terms of the new debt facility in May 2022. There was a 1.1 million loss on debt extinguishment
as a result of refinancing our debt facility, which relates to the 1.1 million cash exit fee paid to our previous lender. 

The full amount of our PPP
Loan and accrued interest was forgiven and we recorded a gain from the forgiveness of the PPP Loan of 2.2 million during the third quarter
of 2021. 

Interest income increased
 0.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, due to more cash on the balance sheet after the October 2021 equity raise, the establishment
of a new cash sweep account in August 2022, and higher overall interest rates. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our primary sources of liquidity
are cash raised from private sales of common stock, preferred stock issued previous to 2020, and cash from borrowings under various debt
facilities, which are further described below. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash of 22.0 million,
plus up to 10.0 million in incremental capital available through the SVB Loan Agreement. Since Private Augmedix s inception in
2013 until today, we have financed our operations primarily through the private sale of over 185 million of preferred and common stock
and from various debt arrangements. As described in Footnote 1 of our consolidated financial statements, we have incurred recurring losses
and negative cash flows from operations since inception and have an accumulated deficit at December 31, 2022, of 125.8 million. We have
relied on debt and equity financing to fund operations to date and we expect losses and negative cash flows to continue, primarily as
a result of continued research, development and marketing efforts. Our cash balance will provide sufficient resources to meet working
capital needs for over twelve months from the filing date of the December 31, 2022, Form 10-K. Over the longer term, if we do not generate
sufficient revenue from new and existing products, additional debt or equity financing may be required along with a reduction in expenditures.
Additionally, there is no assurance if we require additional future financing that such financing will be available on terms that are
acceptable to us, or at all. 

52 

The following table summarizes
our sources and uses of cash for each of the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash (used in) provided by 

Operating activities 
 (16,773 
 (18,592 
 
 Investing activities 
 (1,408 
 (611 
 
 Financing activities 
 (1,237 
 37,827 
 
 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash
 and restricted cash 
 (181 
 (10 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted
 cash 
 (19,599 
 18,614 

Operating Activities 

Cash used in operating activities
was 16.8 million and 18.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash used in operating activities during
the year ended December 31, 2022, principally resulted from our net loss of 24.4 million, which includes non-cash charges of 6.3 million,
and a decrease in net operating assets of 1.3 million. Cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021, principally
resulted from our net loss of 17.5 million, which includes non-cash charges of 1.3 million, and an increase in net operating assets
of 2.4 million. 

Investing Activities 

Cash used in investing activities
was 1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash used in investing
activities resulted from capital expenditures of property and equipment for all periods presented. 

Financing Activities 

Cash used in financing activities
during the year ended December 31, 2022, of 1.2 million principally resulted from 16.1 million in repayment of the previous debt agreement
of Eastward loan, 0.1 million in payments for financing costs related to the new debt facility, partially offset by the 15 million
in debt proceeds. 

Cash provided by financing
activities during the year ended December 31, 2021, of 37.8 million principally resulted from 40.0 million in proceeds from sale of
our common stock, 15.0 million in debt proceeds and 0.2 million of proceeds from exercise of stock options which were offset by 13.0
million in repayment of the existing debt agreements, 0.2 million in payments for financing costs related to the new debt arrangement
and 4.1 million in payments for offering costs relating to the equity issuance. 

53 

Sources of Liquidity 

ATM
Program 

On
May 24, 2022, the Company entered into an Open Market Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with Jefferies LLC (the Agent with respect to an at-the-market equity offering program ATM Program ), under which the Agent will act as the Company s
agent and may issue and sell from time to time, during the term of the Sales Agreement, shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001
per share, having an aggregate offering price of up to 25.0 million (the Shares ). The issuance and sale of the Shares
by the Company under the Sales Agreement will be made pursuant to the Company s effective shelf registration statement on Form
S-3. Pursuant to General Instruction I.B.6 to Registration Statement on Form S-3, the Company may not sell more than the equivalent of
one-third of our public float held by non-affiliates during any 12 consecutive months so long as our public float held by non-affiliates
is less than 75.0 million. 

On
December 20, 2022, the Company canceled its ATM Program and did not sell any shares pursuant to the ATM Program while it was effective. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

The following summarizes
our significant contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 

Payments due by period 

Less than 

More
 than 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Total 
 1 year 
 1-3 years 
 4-5
 years 
 5
 years 
 
 Short-term debt obligations (excluding interest) 

Long-term debt obligations (excluding interest) 
 15,750 
 3,750 
 12,000 

Operating lease obligations 
 1,925 
 874 
 1,051 

Total 
 17,675 
 4,624 
 13,051 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions.
These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
as of the balance sheet date, as well as reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Our most significant estimates
and judgments involve the average period of benefit associated with costs capitalized to obtain a revenue contract, incremental borrowing
rate, and stock-based compensation, including the underlying fair value of the Company s
common stock for grants issued when the Company was a private company. Actual results may differ from these estimates. To the extent
that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows will be affected. 

We believe that the
accounting policies described below involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe
are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. 

54 

Revenue Recognition 

We account for revenue from
contracts with clients by applying the requirements of Topic 606, which includes the following steps: 

Identification of the contract,
 or contracts, with a client; 

Identification of the performance
 obligations in a contract; 

Determination of the transaction
 price; 

Allocation of the transaction
 price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 

Recognition of revenue
 when, or as, performance obligations are satisfied. 

Revenues are recognized when
services are delivered to our clients, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those
services. For our Live service revenue recognized is based on the minimum amount per month, plus any additional hours delivered. For our
Notes service, revenue is recognized based on the monthly number of patient facing clinic hours and a set hourly rate, or by a fixed monthly
price. 

We generate subscription
fees for access to our remote medical documentation and clinical support products for telemedicine, medical offices, clinics and hospitals.
Our clients are typically billed monthly or quarterly in advance. Subscription revenues are recognized ratably over the term of the contract.
Implementation revenue is deferred and recognized over the period which the customer benefits. We recognize revenue from data services
contracts based on hours worked. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

We recognize the grant-date
fair value of stock-based awards issued as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is
generally the vesting period of the award, for awards where vesting is subject to a service condition. The fair value of stock options
is estimated at the time of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires the use of inputs and assumptions such
as the estimated fair value of the underlying common stock for options and stock appreciation rights issued before Augmedix went public,
the quoted market price of the common stock once Augmedix listed on the OTC then NASDAQ, exercise price of the option, expected term,
risk-free interest rate, expected volatility and dividend yield. 

The estimated fair value
of each grant of stock options awarded during fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 were determined using the following methods and assumptions: 

Market Price of our Common
 Stock. We used the closing share price of our common stock on the grant date of the stock awards as our fair value. Our stock started
 trading on March 31, 2021 on the OTCQX. Before that, we used the last transaction price in our common shares of 3.00, which was
 the investment price of our 27.4 million Public Investment in Private Equity (PIPE) in October 2021. We started trading on the NASDAQ
 market on October 26, 2021. 

Expected term. Due to the
 lack of a public market for the trading of our common stock and the lack of sufficient company-specific historical data, the expected
 term of employee stock options is determined using the simplified method, as prescribed in SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin
 SAB No. 107 (SAB 107), Share-Based Payment , whereby the expected life equals the arithmetic average
 of the vesting term and the original contractual term of the option. 

55 

Risk-free interest rate.
 The risk-free interest rate is based on the interest rate payable on U.S. Treasury securities in effect at the time of grant for
 a period that is commensurate with the assumed expected term. 

Expected volatility. The
 expected volatility is based on historical volatilities of peer companies within our industry which were commensurate with the expected
 term assumption, as described in SAB 107. 

Dividend yield. We assume
 a dividend yield of 0 because we have never paid, and for the foreseeable future do not expect to pay, a dividend on our common
 stock. 

The inputs and assumptions
used to estimate the fair value of stock-based payment awards represent management s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties
and the application of management s judgment. As a result, if factors change and management uses different inputs and assumptions,
our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different for future awards. 

During 2021, we issued stock
awards where vesting is subject to performance and/or market conditions. We recognize the grant-date fair value of stock-based awards
issued as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the derived service period once the performance condition is probable of
being achieved. The fair value of these stock options is estimated at the time of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation, which requires
the use of inputs and assumptions such as the estimated probability of satisfying the market condition, expected closing price, expected
term, risk-free interest rate and expected volatility. 

On June 16, 2022, the day
of our annual shareholder s meeting, we issued restricted stock units RSUs to five of our non-executive Board members.
The 52,632 RSUs per Board member were issued at 1.90 per share, the closing market price of the common shares that day. This equates
to 100,000 of fair value per Board member. The RSUs 100 cliff vest on the one-year anniversary of the grant date. 

JOBS Act Accounting Election 

We are an emerging growth
company, as defined in the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards
issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to
use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public
and private companies until the earlier of the date that we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively
and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. We have elected to early adopt certain new accounting
standards, as described in Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements. As a result, these financial statements may not be comparable
to companies that comply with the new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

A description of recently
issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position and results of operations is disclosed in Note 2
to our audited financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting
company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, and are not required
to provide the information under this item. 

56 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 248) F-3 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Augmedix,
Inc. 

San
Francisco, California 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited, before the effects of the adjustment for the correction
of the error described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the consolidated balance sheet of Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries
(collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the consolidated financial statements (the 2021 consolidated financial statements before the effects of the adjustment
discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements are not presented herein). In our opinion, the 2021 consolidated financial
statements, before the effects of the adjustment for the correction of the error described in Note 2, present fairly, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of their consolidated operations
and comprehensive loss and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

We
were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures to the adjustment for the correction of the error described in Note 2 and,
accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance about whether such adjustment is appropriate and has been properly
applied. This adjustment was audited by other auditors 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
began serving as the Company s auditor in 2018. In 2022, we became the predecessor auditor. 

March
30, 2022 

F- 2 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

Augmedix, Inc. 

Opinion on the financial statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Augmedix, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended
December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

We also have audited the adjustments described
in Note 2 that were applied to restate the 2021 financial statements to correct an error. In our opinion, such adjustments are appropriate
and have been properly applied. We were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures to the 2021 financial statements of the
Company other than with respect to such adjustments and, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance on the
2021 financial statements taken as a whole. 

Change in accounting principle 

As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company has changed its method of accounting for leases in 2022 due to the adoption of ASC Topic 842, Leases, (ASC 842). 

Basis for opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

San Francisco, CA 

April 16, 2023 

F- 3 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right of use asset 

Restricted cash, non-current 

Deposits and other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities, and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Loan payable, current portion 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenues 

Operating lease liability, current portion 

Customer deposits 

Total current liabilities 

Loan payable, net of current portion 

Deferred rent, net of current portion 

Other liabilities 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Loss 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest expense 

Interest income 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Forgiveness of PPP loan 

Other income (expenses) 

Total other income (expenses), net 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Total comprehensive loss 

Net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Total Stockholder s 
 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs of million 

Issuance of common stock to service provider 

Issuance of common stock warrants 

Net exercise of warrants 

-

Issuance of common stock in connection with exercise of warrants 

Exercise of common stock options 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss 

-

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock warrants 

Exercise of common stock options 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-cash lease expense 

Non-cash interest expense 

Non-cash advertising expense 

Non-cash portion of loss on debt extinguishment 

Forgiveness of PPP loan 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Provision for bad debt 

Deferred rent 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Deposits and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Deferred revenues 

Operating ease Liability 

Customer deposits 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payment to unaccredited investors of Augmedix Operating Corporation 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds from exercise of common stock warrants 

Payment of offering costs in relation to common stock issuance 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Proceeds from loan payable 

Repayment of note payable 

Repayment of Eastward Loan 

Payment of financing costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and restricted cash 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash 

Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash and restricted cash at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for interest 

Cash paid during the year for taxes 

Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Fair value of warrants issued in connection with loan 

Fair value of common stock issued to service provider 

Property, plant, and equipment in accounts payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million, plus up to million in incremental
capital available through the SVB Loan Agreement. The Company has a limited history of operations and has incurred negative cash flows
from operating activities and loss from operations in the past as reflected in the accumulated deficit of million as of December
31, 2022. We have relied on debt and equity financing to fund operations to date and we expect losses
and negative cash flows to continue, primarily as a result of continued research, development and marketing efforts. Our cash balance
will provide sufficient resources to meet working capital needs for over twelve months from the filing date of the December 31, 2022 Form
10-K. Over the longer term, if we do not generate sufficient revenue from new and existing products, additional debt or equity financing
may be required along with a reduction in expenditures. Additionally, there is no assurance if we require additional future financing
that such financing will be available on terms, which are acceptable to us, or at all. 

F- 8 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 9 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of the Company s annual revenue. The Company had three major customers during the year ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. Revenues from the major customers accounted for , and of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, and ,
 and of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

or more of the accounts receivable, with balances of million and million at December 31, 2022. One customer individually
accounts for or more of accounts receivable with a balance of million at December 31, 2021. 

Restricted cash 

Restricted cash, non-current 

Total cash and restricted cash presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows 

F- 10 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

to . The Company depreciates furniture and fixtures
using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, ranging from to . Leasehold improvements are amortized
over the shorter of the asset s useful life or the remaining lease term. Repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred by the
Company. 

F- 11 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

year or less, (ii) contracts with variable consideration that is allocated entirely to unsatisfied
performance obligations or to a wholly unsatisfied promised accounted for under the series guidance, and (iii) contracts for which the
Company recognizes revenue for the amount at which the Company has the right to invoice for services performed. 

to months. The period of benefit was determined by taking into consideration the Company s
customer contracts, technology, customer life, and other factors. The Company periodically evaluates whether there have been any changes
in its business, market conditions, or other events which would indicate that its amortization period should be changed, or if there are
potential indicators of impairment. The current portion of capitalized sales commissions are included in prepaid expenses and other current
assets and the non-current portion is included in deposits and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Amortization expense is
included in sales and marketing expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Deferral of revenue 

Recognition of unearned revenue 

Balance, end of year 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 12 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of common stock with a fair value of million to a service
provider as payment for advertising services to be performed over a one-year period. As of December 31, 2022, the million has been
fully amortized and no remaining unamortized advertising costs are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated
balance sheets. As of December 31, 2021, the remaining unamortized advertising costs of million are included in prepaid expenses
and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Advertising costs incurred by the Company are in the sales and marketing
expense on the consolidated statements of operations and were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and
2021, respectively. 

likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority. In accordance with the disclosure requirements of ASC
740-10, the Company s policy on income statement classification of interest and penalties related to income tax obligations is
to include such items as part of total income tax expense. 

F- 13 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Stock options 

Restricted stock units 
 
 - 

million and noncurrent costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts
was understated by million at December 31, 2021. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021, sales and marketing expenses
were overstated by million and million, respectively. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2021, sales and
marketing expenses were overstated by million for both periods. 

million and understated by million,
respectively. For the three months ended June 30, 2021, sales and marketing expenses were overstated by million. The remaining
periods were overstated by nominal amounts. 

million,
which is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and increasing noncurrent costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts
by million, which is included in deposits and other assets. 

F- 14 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of cash and assumed payables and accruals of approximately , of which was paid
at closing. Additionally, transaction costs of approximately million consisting of legal, accounting, financial advisory and other
professional fees were expensed as incurred and are recorded in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

million are currently held in money market funds which are classified as Level
1 because they are valued using quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of
the Company s loan payable was million. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the Company s loan payable was
 million. The estimated fair value for the Company s loan payable was based on discounted expected future cash flows using
prevailing interest rates which are Level 2 inputs under the fair value hierarchy. 

F- 15 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Construction in progress 
 
 -

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Accrued vendor partner liabilities 

Accrued other 

Accrued VAT and other taxes 

Accrued professional fees 

Deferred rent 
 -

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

million. Outstanding borrowings under the Sub Agreement bore interest at the rate of per year. million was payable at the maturity date in April 2023. The Company recorded the final payment as both a discount
and an increase to the principal amount of the debt. The Company also capitalized certain lender and legal costs associated with the Sub
Agreement totaling million, which were recorded as a discount to the Sub Agreement. The aggregate discount of million was being
amortized to interest expense over the repayment term of the Sub Agreement. The Company amortized for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

million, which includes writing off the remaining unamortized debt discount of million plus
lender fees paid to extinguish the debt. 

F- 16 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million
pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program PPP Loan under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES
Act and implemented by the U.S. Small Business Administration. The PPP Loan was to mature in two years from the issuance date
and bore interest at a rate of per year, with all payments deferred through the six-month anniversary of the date of the PPP Loan.
Principal plus accrued unpaid interest was to be paid in one payment two years after the date of this note and may have been prepaid
by the Company at any time prior to maturity without penalty. The Company applied for forgiveness of amounts due under the PPP Loan,
with the amount of potential loan forgiveness calculated in accordance with the requirements of the CARES Act based on payroll costs,
any mortgage interest payments, any covered rent payments and any covered utility payments during the 8-24 week period after the origination
date of the Loan. The Company used proceeds of the PPP Loan for payroll and other qualifying expenses. 

million, which were available
to be drawn in two tranches. The first tranche of million was funded on March 31, 2021. The second tranche of million was
available, at the Company s request, between October 30, 2021, and November 30, 2021, provided the Company achieved at least 
million in revenue and a maximum Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA loss of million,
in each case for the third fiscal quarter of 2021. There were no borrowings under the second tranche. Outstanding borrowings under the
Eastward Loan Agreement were secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of the personal property assets of the Company, including
the Company s intellectual property. The Company was required to pay only interest during the first 18 months after funding of
the first tranche and thereafter. The loan facility bore an annual interest rate of the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal,
subject to a floor of , plus . The annual interest rate was as of December 31, 2021. 

million at the same per share purchase price and terms as other investors in such equity financings.
Eastward chose not to exercise its co-investment rights during the October 2021 capital raise. 

million as both a discount and an increase to the principal amount of the debt. The Company also capitalized certain lender and
legal costs associated with the Loan Agreement totaling million, which were recorded as a discount to the loan. The aggregate discount
of million was being amortized to interest expense over the repayment term of the Loan and Security Agreement. 

Borrower s obligations under the SVB Loan Agreement are secured by first-priority liens on substantially
all assets of Borrower. The proceeds of the initial draw under the Term Loan Facility, together with a portion of Borrower s balance
sheet cash, have been used to repay all of Borrower s outstanding obligations under the Eastward Loan Agreement. 

and (b) the Prime Rate plus . The Term Loan Facility s stated maturity
date is September 1, 2025, provided that, if Borrower achieves certain performance milestones as set forth in the SVB Loan Agreement,
the Term Loan Facility maturity date will automatically be extended to December 1, 2025. Interest on the borrowings under the Term Loan
Facility is payable in arrears monthly at a floating rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) and (b) the Prime Rate plus .
The Term Loan Facility is interest only until July 1, 2023, provided that if Borrower achieves certain performance milestones, the amortization
date automatically extends to January 1, 2024. 

F- 17 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million
(prior to any Tranche B advance) and (b) million (following any Tranche B advance), Borrower is then required to maintain certain
minimum revenue requirements as set forth in the SVB Loan Agreement, which will be measured on a trailing 3-month basis and tested quarterly.
If Borrower has failed to maintain the minimum cash and cash equivalents set forth in the preceding sentence, in lieu of being subject
to the minimum revenue requirements, Borrower has the ability to cure such failure to maintain minimum cash and cash equivalents by delivering
evidence satisfactory to SVB that Borrower has raised at least million in net cash proceeds from the sale of Borrower s equity
interests. 

shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, exercisable at any time for a period of
approximately from the Effective Date, at an exercise price of per share, payable in cash or on a cashless basis according
to the formula set forth in the Warrant. 

2024 

2025 

End of term charge 

Less unamortized debt discount 

Loan payable, net of discount 

Less current portion 

Loan payable, non-current portion 

million as both a discount and an increase to the principal amount of the debt. The discount of million is
being amortized to interest expense over the repayment term of the SVB Loan Agreement. The Company amortized million of the discount
to interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, the remaining unamortized discount was million. 

F- 18 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. Each share of common stock entitles the holder to
one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders. Subject to preferences that may apply to any outstanding
preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends that the Company s board of directors may
declare out of funds legally available for that purpose on a non-cumulative basis. No dividends had been declared through December 31,
2022. 

million, with million of issuance expenses
for net proceeds of million. The Company issued shares of its common stock at per share. 

shares of common stock to the former shareholders of Malo Holdings Corporation. The
Company paid million to several unaccredited investors of Private Augmedix in lieu of issuing shares. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company had accrued for remaining payments to be made to unaccredited investors in lieu of issuing shares. 

warrants, resulting in the issuance of shares of common stock. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. The Company s board of directors are authorized,
subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the
number of shares to be included in each series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences, and rights of the shares of each series.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

F- 19 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

years and may be
exercisable in cash or as otherwise determined by the Board of Directors. Vesting generally occurs over a period of not greater than
four years. 

of the total number of outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as of the immediately
preceding January 1, or a number as may be determined by the Board of Directors. At the Company s annual meeting of stockholders
held on July 1, 2021, the Company s stockholders approved of an amendment and restatement of the 2020 Plan which increased the
number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2020 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, shares remained available
for grant under the 2020 Plan. 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

Cost of revenues 

-

Sales and marketing 
 -
 
 -

Research and development 
 -
 
 -

Cost of revenues 
 -
 
 -

- 

F- 20 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Expected Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend rate 

F- 21 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited and expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

million and million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic
value of options outstanding and options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 were million and million, respectively. At December
31, 2022, future stock-based compensation for options granted and outstanding of million will be recognized over a remaining weighted-average
requisite service period of years. 

Exercised 
 (- 
 -

Forfeited and expired 
 (- 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

million. At December 31, 2022, future stock-based compensation for RSU granted and outstanding of 
million will be recognized over a remaining weighted-average requisite service period of years. 

If the market conditions are achieved, any remaining unrecognized compensation
cost associated with those options will be immediately recognized. 

F- 22 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Short-term lease expense 

Total operating lease cost 

Weighted-average discount rate 

F- 23 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2024 

2025 

Total 

Less: imputed interest 

Operating lease liability 

Less: operating lease liability, current portion 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has spent approximately million against this contract. 

F- 24 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Fixed assets 

Accruals and other 

Research development credits 

Share-based compensation 

Lease liabilities 

Capitalized research and development costs 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liability 

Right-of-use assets 

Net deferred tax assets 

million and million during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company does not have unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company recognizes
interest and penalties accrued on any unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. 

State 

F- 25 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

State 

, as defined under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, respectively, as well
as similar state provisions. This could limit the amount of tax attributes that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income
or tax liabilities. The amount of the annual limitation is determined based on the value of the Company immediately prior to the ownership
change. Subsequent ownership changes may further affect the limitation in future years. To date, the Company has not performed an analysis
to determine whether or not ownership changes have occurred since inception. 

State tax, net of federal benefit 

Deferred only 

Permanent differences 

Research development credits 

Foreign rate differential 

Foreign taxes 

Change in tax rate 

Change in valuation allowance 

Tax provision 

F- 26 

Augmedix, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

-year operating lease agreements (Note 10), with a company owned
by relatives of the Company s Director and Chief Strategy Officer. The Company paid million to the related party during each
of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which is included as rent expense. At December 31, 2022, the amounts owed to the related
party were and included in accounts payable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2021, the amounts
owed to the related party were and included in accounts payable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

million to the plan. 

million and
 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, which are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities
and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

square feet of new office space in Dhaka under a lease agreement that expires in April 2028. This new office space will eventually
replace our other office space in Dhaka and be used to expand our Bangladesh operations. 

options and SARs for a subset of employees and executives of the Company at a 
exercise price. 

options for our new Executive Chairman, Rod O Reilly at a exercise price. 

million annual recurring revenue ARR performance metric within the Loan Agreement. This extended the interest only period on the term loan by six months from July 1, 2023
to January 1, 2024. Augmedix also accessed the second term loan tranche of million, bringing the total term loan outstanding to 
million. This term loan is repayable over twenty-four months in equal installments staring January 1, 2024 and ending December 1, 2025.
With the final payment on December 1, 2025, the Company will also owe a final payment fee of of the term loan, or million. 

. In addition, Mr. Faulkner will
be granted restricted stock units, with a grant date fair market value of on the date of each annual stockholder meeting of the
Company, with each such grant vesting on the anniversary of the grant date of such grant. 

F- 27 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management s Evaluation of our Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and
procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Further, the design
of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered
relative to their costs. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. 

As of December 31, 2022,
as required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an
evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon their evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of such date, due to the material weakness
in our internal control over technical accounting analyses, and the regular review and application of accounting policies, as the company
grew and its operations changed. Notwithstanding the identified material weakness, management has concluded that the consolidated financial
statements included in this Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, the Company s financial position, results of operations,
and cash flows for the periods disclosed in accordance with GAAP. 

Remediation Efforts to Address the Material
Weakness 

A material weakness in our
internal control over the application of accounting policies was identified as of September 30, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weakness identified
was a lack of sufficient resources in our finance function to meet our financial reporting requirements. This material weakness resulted
in insufficient management review of accounting policies as our company grew. Management continues to review and make necessary changes
to the overall design of our internal control environment, including implementing additional internal controls over the annual review
of all relevant accounting policies, particularly in areas where our operations have changed. We will add additional resources and expertise
to our finance function to enhance the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting. The material weakness will not be
considered remediated until the applicable remedial controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through
testing, that these controls are operating effectively. Although we plan to complete this remediation process as quickly as possible,
we cannot estimate at this time how long it will take. 

57 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes
maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary for preparation of our consolidated financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and
expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements would be
prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended
to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected. 

As a result of becoming a
public company, we are required, under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things,
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting beginning with this Form 10-K. This assessment includes disclosure
of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. The SEC defines a material weakness
as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be detected or prevented
on a timely basis. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness, as of December 31, 2022, of our internal control over financial
reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (2013). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of such date due to the material weakness in our internal control over the regular
review and application of accounting policies, as necessitated by the growth of the company and its changing operations. Notwithstanding
the identified material weakness, management has concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K present
fairly, in all material respects, the Company s financial position, results of operations, and cash flows for the periods disclosed
in accordance with GAAP. 

As an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act, we are exempt from the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. As a result, our independent registered public accounting firm has not audited or issued an attestation report with respect to
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

During the quarter ended
December 31, 2022, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15(d)-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

Not Applicable. 

58 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required
by this Item is included in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days from December 31, 2022,
and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required
by this Item is included in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days from December 31, 2022,
and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required
by this Item is included in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days from December 31, 2022,
and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required
by this Item is included in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days from December 31, 2022,
and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required
by this Item is included in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days from December 31, 2022,
and is incorporated herein by reference. 

59 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES 

1. Financial Statements 

The financial statements
required by Item 15(a) are filed in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

2. Financial Statement Schedules 

None, as all information
required in these schedules is included in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3. Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger and Reorganization among Malo Holdings Corporation, a Delaware corporation, August Acquisition Corp, a Delaware
 corporation, and Augmedix, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Merger relating to the merger of Acquisition Sub with and into Augmedix, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of the State
 of Delaware on October 5, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
 October 9, 2020). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Restated
 certificate of incorporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 5, 2020 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Restated
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement dated June 11, 2015, by and between Augmedix, Inc. and Comerica Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement dated July 28, 2017, by and between Augmedix, Inc. and Comerica Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement dated August 28, 2018, by and between Augmedix, Inc. and Dignity Health (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form
 of 2019 Series B Warrant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
 on October 9, 2020). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement dated August 7, 2019, by and between Augmedix, Inc. and Partap Krishan Aggarwal (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5
 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 4.6 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement dated September 3, 2019, by and between Augmedix, Inc. and Trinity Capital Fund III, L.P. (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent Warrant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
 on October 9, 2020). 
 
 4.8 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 
 4.9 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement dated effective March 24, 2021, by and between Augmedix, Inc. and Eastward Fund Management, LLC (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021). 
 
 4.10 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Stock by and between Augmedix, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank dated May 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022). 
 
 10.1 
 
 2013
 Equity Incentive Plan and form of award agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 10.2 
 
 2020
 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective July 1, 2021, and form of award agreements (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 8, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Offer
 letter, dated October 12, 2018, by and between Emmanuel Krakaris and Augmedix, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to
 the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Offer
 letter, dated March 7, 2019, by and between Sandra Breber and Augmedix, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Offer
 letter, dated March 22, 2019, by and between Jonathan Hawkins and Augmedix, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the
 Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form
 of Indemnity Agreement (directors and executive officers) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form
 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form
 of Pre-Merger Indemnification Agreement (directors and executive officers) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated October 5, 2020, by and between Augmedix, Inc. and the parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Subscription
 Agreement, dated October 5, 2020, by and between Augmedix, Inc. and the parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9
 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Master
 Services Agreement, dated October 1, 2019, by and between Augmedix, Inc. and IDS Infotech Limited, an Indian limited company, as
 amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Master
 Services Agreement, dated February 1, 2018, by and between Augmedix, Inc. and Infosense Technologies, Pvt. Ltd. (dba OG Healthcare),
 an Indian limited company, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
 SEC on October 9, 2020). 

60 

10.12 
 
 Master
 Services Agreement, dated April 15, 2015, by and between Augmedix, Inc. and Sutter Health, a California nonprofit public benefit
 corporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October
 9, 2020). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Services
 Agreement, dated September 1, 2015, by and between Augmedix, Inc. and Dignity Health, a California nonprofit public benefit corporation,
 as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Loan
 and Security Agreement, dated June 11, 2015, by and between Comerica Bank, Inc. and Augmedix, Inc., as amended (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.14 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Loan
 and Security Agreement, dated May 31, 2017, by and between Trinity Capital Fund III, L.P. a Delaware limited partnership and Augmedix,
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Sublease
 Agreement, dated December 15, 2020, by and between Augmedix, Inc., and Turo Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2020). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Twelfth
 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated January 29, 2021, by and between Comerica Bank and Augmedix Operating Corporation
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Lock-Up
 Agreement, dated February 22, 2021, by and between Augmedix, Inc. and the parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 25, 2021, by and between Eastward Fund Management, LLC, Augmedix, Inc. and Augmedix Operating Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement, dated March 25, 2021, by and between Augmedix, Inc. and Eastward Fund Management, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Statement
 of Work No. 3 to the Master Service Agreement by and between Augmedix Operating corp. and IDS Infotech Limited (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 16, 2021). 
 
 10.24 
 
 Second
 Omnibus Amendment by and between Augmedix Operating corp. and Dignity Health, Dignity Health Medical Foundation, and Pacific Central
 Coast Health Centers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 16,
 2021). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Augmedix
 Notes Statement of Work No. 2, as a supplement to the Master Services Agreement by and between Augmedix Operating Corp.,
 f/k/a Augmedix, Inc. and Sutter Health (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
 SEC on September 16, 2021). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Addendum
 to Statement of Work No. 3 by and between Augmedix Operating Corp. f/k/a Augmedix, Inc. and IDS Infotech Limited. (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2021). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Loan
 and Security Agreement by and among Augmedix, Inc., Augmedix Operating Corporation and Silicon Valley Bank dated as of May 4, 2022
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Third
 Omnibus Amendment by and among Augmedix Operating Corp. f/k/a Augmedix, Inc. Dignity Health, Dignity Health Medical Foundation, and
 Pacific Central Coast Health Centers dated June 9, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form
 8-K filed with the SEC on June 10, 2022). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Statement
 of Work No. 4 by and between Augmedix Operating Corp. and IDS Infotech Ltd. dated June 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 13, 2022). 
 
 10.30 
 
 Statement
 of Work No. 3 by and between Augmedix Operating Corp. and Infosense Technologies, Pvt. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 13, 2022). 
 
 10.31 
 
 Assignment
 Amendment by and between Dignity Health and Common Spirit Health (f/k/a Catholic Health Initiative) and Augmedix Operating Corp.
 f/k/a Augmedix, Inc. effective as of October 20, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022). 
 
 10.32 
 
 Statement
 of Work by and between Augmedix Operating Corp. and St. Joseph Physician Associates, d/b/a St. Joseph Medical Group, effective as
 of October 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 2,
 2022). 

61 

10.33 
 
 Agreement
 to Lease by and among Augmedix Solutions Pvt. Ltd., Shukoor Habib Trust and Rafeeq Trust, dated December 21, 2022 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 28, 2022). 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter
 of Frank, Rimerman + Co. LLP to the Securities and Exchange Commission dated August 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 16.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 23, 2022). 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020). 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of Frank, Rimerman + Co. LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Emmanuel Krakaris, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Paul Ginocchio, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1# 
 
 Certification of Emmanuel Krakaris, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2# 
 
 Certification of Paul Ginocchio, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File - the cover page from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 2022 is formatted in Inline XBRL. 

Indicates
a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

Portions
of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted in accordance with the rules of the SEC. 

# This
certification is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section,
nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

62 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AUGMEDIX, INC. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Emmanuel
 Krakaris 

Emmanuel Krakaris 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary 
 (principal executive officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Emmanuel Krakaris 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Emmanuel Krakaris 
 
 Secretary
 and Director Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Paul Ginocchio 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Paul Ginocchio 
 
 Principal
 Accounting and Financial Officer 

/s/ William J. Febbo 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 William J. Febbo 

/s/ Jason Krikorian 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Jason Krikorian 

/s/ Laurie McGraw 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Laurie McGraw 

/s/ Joseph Marks 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Joseph Marks 

/s/ Ian Shakil 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Ian Shakil 

/s/ Margie L. Traylor 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Margie L. Traylor 

Director 

Roderick H.O Reilly 

63 

<EX-4.8>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-8_augmedix.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.8 

Description of the Registrant s
Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

As of December 31, 2022, Augmedix, Inc. (the
 Company, we, or our had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): our common stock. 

The following description summarizes the most
important terms of our capital stock and certain provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws. Because
it is only a summary, it does not contain all of the information that may be important to you. For a complete description, you should
refer to our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws, which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.8 is a part, and to the provisions of applicable Delaware law. 

Authorized Capital Stock 

Our authorized capital stock consists of 500,000,000 shares of common
stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share. 

Common Stock 

Dividend Rights 

Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock
outstanding at the time, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if our board
of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that our board of directors
may determine. 

Voting Rights 

Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share
held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. We have not provided for cumulative voting for the election of directors in our
restated certificate of incorporation, which means that holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock will be able to elect
all of our directors. Our restated certificate of incorporation established a classified board of directors, divided into three classes
with staggered three-year terms. Only one class of directors will be elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders, with the other
classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. 

No Preemptive or Similar Rights 

Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights, and is not subject
to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions 

Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the assets legally
available for distribution to our stockholders would be distributable ratably among the holders of our common stock and any participating
preferred stock outstanding at that time, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights
of and the payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 

Preferred Stock 

Our board of directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed
by Delaware law, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number
of shares to be included in each series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each series and any
of their qualifications, limitations or restrictions, in each case without further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors
is also able to increase or decrease the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, but not below the number of shares of that
series then outstanding and not above the number of shares of that series authorized, without any further vote or action by our stockholders.
Our board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the
voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection
with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing
a change in control of our company and might adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of
the holders of our common stock. We have no current plan to issue any shares of preferred stock. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

The provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ),
our restated certificate of incorporation and our restated bylaws could have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another
person from acquiring control of our company. These provisions, which are summarized below, may have the effect of discouraging takeover
bids. They are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board of directors.
We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer
outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement
of their terms. 

Section 203 of DGCL 

We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating
corporate takeovers. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination 
with an interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder,
unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and
an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions: 

before
the stockholder became interested, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted
in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon
consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned
at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of 

2 

determining
the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans in some instances,
but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder; or 

at
or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by our board and authorized at an annual or
special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned
by the interested stockholder. 

Section 203 defines a business combination to include: 

any
merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder ; 

any
sale, transfer, lease, pledge, or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation ; 

subject
to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance of transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested
stockholder ; 

subject
to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any
class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder ; and 

the
receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided
by or through the corporation . 

In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity
or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with
or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. 

Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Restated Bylaw Provisions 

Our restated certificate of incorporation and our restated bylaws include
a number of provisions that could deter hostile takeovers or delay or prevent changes in control of our management team or changes in
our board of directors or our governance or policy, including the following: 

Board Vacancies. Our
restated bylaws and certificate of incorporation authorize generally only our board of directors to fill vacant directorships resulting
from any cause or created by the expansion of our board of directors. In addition, the number of directors constituting our board of
directors may be set only by resolution adopted by a majority vote of our entire board of directors. These provisions prevent a stockholder
from increasing the size of our board of directors and gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with
its own nominees. 

3 

Classified Board. Our
restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors.
The existence of a classified board of directors could delay a successful tender offeror from obtaining majority control of our board
of directors, and the prospect of that delay might deter a potential offeror. See the section titled Management 
for additional information. 

Directors Removed Only for
Cause. Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that stockholders
may remove directors only for cause. 

Supermajority Requirements
for Amendments of Our Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Restated Bylaws. Our
restated certificate of incorporation provides that the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3 of our outstanding common stock
are required to amend certain provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation, including provisions relating to the classified
board, the size of the board of directors, removal of directors, special meetings, actions by written consent, and designation of our
preferred stock. The affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3 of our outstanding common stock are required to amend or repeal
our restated bylaws, although our restated bylaws may be amended by a simple majority vote of our board of directors. 

Stockholder Action; Special
Meetings of Stockholders. Our restated certificate of incorporation provides
that our stockholders may not take action by written consent but may only take action at annual or special meetings of our stockholders.
As a result, holders of our capital stock would not be able to amend our restated bylaws or remove directors without holding a meeting
of our stockholders called in accordance with our restated bylaws. Our restated certificate of incorporation and our restated bylaws
provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority of our board of directors, the chairman of our board
of directors, or our chief executive officer, thus prohibiting a stockholder from calling a special meeting. These provisions might delay
the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for stockholders to take any action, including the removal of
directors. 

Advance Notice Requirements
for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations. Our
restated bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders
or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Our restated bylaws also specify certain requirements
regarding the form and content of a stockholder s notice. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters
before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. We expect that
these provisions might also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s
own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our Company. 

4 

No Cumulative Voting. The
DGCL provides that stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless a corporation s
certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws do not provide for cumulative
voting. 

Issuance
of Undesignated Preferred Stock. We anticipate that after the filing of our restated certificate of
incorporation, our board will have the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated
preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by our board of directors. The existence
of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock enables our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt
to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, or otherwise. 

Choice
of Forum. Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on
our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our
restated certificate of incorporation or our restated bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal
affairs doctrine. Our restated bylaws provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, which
we refer to as a Federal Forum Provision. Our decision to adopt a Federal Forum Provision followed a decision by the Supreme Court of
the State of Delaware holding that such provisions are facially valid under Delaware law. While there can be no assurance that federal
courts or state courts will follow the holding of the Delaware Supreme Court or determine that the Federal Forum Provision should be
enforced in a particular case, application of the Federal Forum Provision means that suits brought by our stockholders to enforce any
duty or liability created by the Securities Act must be brought in federal court and cannot be brought in state court. While neither
the exclusive forum provision nor the Federal Forum Provision applies to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Exchange Act, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty
or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, actions by our stockholders to enforce
any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder also must be brought in federal court. Our
stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice
of and consented to our exclusive forum provisions, including the Federal Forum Provision. These provisions may limit a stockholder s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of their choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which
may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is VStock Transfer,
LLC. The transfer agent s address is 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, NY 11598, and its telephone number is (212) 828-8436. 

Exchange Listing 

Our common stock is listed on Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol
 AUGX. 

5 

</EX-4.8>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-1_augmedix.htm
 CONSENT OF GRANT THORNTON LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We have issued our report dated April 16, 2023, with respect to the
consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Augmedix, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We
consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of Augmedix Inc. on Forms S-3 (File No. 333-264337
and File No. 333-266299) and on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-251317 and File No. 333-266301). 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

San Francisco, CA 

 April 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-2_augmedix.htm
 CONSENT OF FRANK, RIMERMAN + CO. LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We have issued our report dated March 30, 2022,
with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Augmedix, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2021, before the effects of the adjustment for the correction of the error described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of Augmedix Inc. on Forms S-3 (File
No. 333-264337 and File No. 333-266299) and on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-251317 and File No. 333-266301). 

/s/ Frank, Rimerman + Co. LLP 

San Francisco, California 

 April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_augmedix.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Emmanuel Krakaris, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Augmedix,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this annual report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
 financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
 under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
 covered by this annual report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this annual report any
 change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
 during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
 quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
 to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
 weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process,
 summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Emmanuel Krakaris 

Emmanuel
 Krakaris 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer and 
 Secretary (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_augmedix.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Paul Ginocchio, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Augmedix,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this annual report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Paul Ginocchio 

Paul
 Ginocchio 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_augmedix.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Augmedix, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
 of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company for the periods presented therein. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Emmanuel Krakaris 

Emmanuel Krakaris 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-2_augmedix.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Augmedix, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
 of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company for the periods presented therein. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Paul Ginocchio 

Paul Ginocchio 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer
 and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 augx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 augx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 augx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 augx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 augx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

