<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1467913_0001477932-23-002555.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2672765</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>90181</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>511199</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>732227</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>552076</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>727772</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-002555.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414144609
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-002555
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			808 RENEWABLE ENERGY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001467913
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GAS & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4932]
		IRS NUMBER:				270178664
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56313
		FILM NUMBER:		23820758

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		850 TIDEWATER SHORES LOOP
		STREET 2:		SUITE 402
		CITY:			BRADENTON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34208
		BUSINESS PHONE:		631-397-1111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		850 TIDEWATER SHORES LOOP
		STREET 2:		SUITE 402
		CITY:			BRADENTON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34208

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Tri-Energy Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090708

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-002555.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 rnwr_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

rnwr_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM Mark One ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) Phone: ) (Registrant s telephone number) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: (Title of Class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the most recent sale of the common equity, as of the last business day of the registrants most recently completed fiscal quarter was . Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: As of April 10, 2023, the Company had outstanding shares of its common stock, par value 0.00001. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Securities Act of 1933 that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements convey our current expectations or forecasts of future events. All statements contained in this Annual Report other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected costs, plans and objectives of management for future operations. The words may, continue, estimate, intend, plan, will, believe, project, expect, seek, anticipate, should, could, would, potential, or the negative of those terms and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. All of these forward-looking statements are based on information available to us at this time, and we assume no obligation to update any of these statements. Actual results could differ from those projected in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those identified in Business, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere. We urge you to review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report, and those detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, that attempt to advise you of the risks and factors that may affect our future results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, among others, our ability to make good decisions about the deployment of capital, our substantial capital requirements and absence of liquidity, competition, our inability to obtain maximum value for our holdings, our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, our ability to execute our strategy, market valuations in sectors in which we operate, our need to manage our assets, and risks associated with our assets and their performance, including the fact that most have a limited history and a history of operating losses, face intense competition and may never be profitable, the effect of economic conditions in the business sectors in which our partner companies operate, compliance with government regulation and legal liabilities. Many of these factors are beyond our ability to predict or control. In addition, as a result of these and other factors, our past financial performance should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. All forward-looking statements attributable to us, or to persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In light of these risks and uncertainties, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this report might not occur. JOBS Act We qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act). As an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. Pursuant to these provisions: we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); we have (i) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and (ii) exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation, including golden parachute compensation. We may take advantage of these provisions for up to five years or until such earlier time that we are no longer an emerging growth company. We would cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest to occur of (1) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have more than 1.07 billion in annual revenue; (2) the date we qualify as a large accelerated filer, with at least 700 million of public float (3) the issuance, in any three-year period, by us of more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities held by non-affiliates; and (4) the last day of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can use the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This permits an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the exemptions discussed above. Accordingly, the information contained herein may be different than the information you receive from other public companies. 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 8 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 8 Item 2. Properties. 8 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 8 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 8 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 9 Item 6. [Reserved] 10 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 10 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 13 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 14 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 15 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 15 Item 9B. Other Information. 15 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections. 15 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 16 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 18 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 19 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 20 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 21 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 22 Item 16. Form 10 K Summary. 22 Signatures 23 3 Table of Contents Item 1. Business Overview 808 Renewable Energy Corporation (hereinafter the Company , Our , We or Us is a general aviation and electric vehicle manufacturer and distributor, and our current product lines are AR-1 gyrocopter and electric reverse-trike vehicles, under the name Silverlight Aviation, LLC and Silverlight Electric Vehicle Inc. Background The Company was originally organized under the laws of the State of Nevada in May 2009 under the name Tri-Energy Corporation. In August 2010 the Company changed its name to 808 Renewable Energy Corporation. In October 2018 the Company changed its name to Cool Events, Inc. and then back to 808 Renewable Energy Corporation in September 2019. On March 15, 2021, the Company acquired fifty-five percent (55 of the membership interest in SilverLight Aviation, LLC, a Florida limited liability company in the business of manufacturing and selling gyroplane kits to the general public throughout the United States. On May 3, 2021 the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement to acquire certain assets in the Trike field from Atelier de Motelage RB, Inc. in exchange for an aggregate of One Hundred Ninety Five Thousand 195,000) Dollars. The acquired assets include: 15 Venom SS molds, Venom SS Frame Jig, 16 Arrow Molds, Arrow Frame Jig, 20 Arrow S molds, convertible prototype body, convertible prototype frame and Arrow Demo model. In May 2021 the Company formed Silverlight Electric Vehicle Inc. to operate the electric vehicle division, sales, procurement of vehicles and or manufacturing/assembly. The Company owns Fifty One Percent (51 of Silverlight Electric Vehicle Inc. and Remy Breton owns Forty Nine Percent (49 ). Mr. Breton serves as a Vice President of Silverlight Electric Vehicle Inc. Sales will be generated from the website, trade shows, public displays, and word of mouth. Our principal executive offices are located at 850 Tidewater Shores Loop, Suite 402, Bradenton, Florida 34208, and our telephone number is (631) 397-1111. Business The Company, through its subsidiaries, SilverLight Aviation, LLC SLA LLC and Silverlight Electric Vehicle Inc. is actively engaged in the design, development, manufacturing, distribution and marketing of reverse trikes and gyrocopters. We operate in two divisions, Aviation and Reverse Trike. We maintain a website at www.silverlightaviation.com for the Aviation Division and www.silverlightev.com (website is under construction) for the Reverse Trike Division. We are commencing our efforts to expand operations of the business and establish a global network of distributors and dealers. Aviation Division The Company is manufacturing a two-seat gyrocopter AR-1 (American Ranger 1). A gyrocopter looks like a small helicopter but the main difference is there is no engine turning the main rotor. The rotor simply self-propelled (which we call auto-rotate due to the way that the air flows through them. It also does not have a tail rotor. As the engine is not connected to the rotors, this means that a Gyrocopter is not seriously affected if the engine should stop in flight. This, together with a very short landing roll (we can land in a very small open space, about the size of a putting green). Today, Gyrocopters are one to three seat aeroplanes whose maximum take-off weight does not exceed 560 kgs. SLA, LLC started in February 2012 as a light aircraft engineering consulting company facilitating and managing compliance projects at the technical level for various light aircraft manufacturers. In 2015, it changed operations to design and manufacture a light experimental gyroplane kit to fit FAA allowed regulations for gyroplanes. In such an effort, it acquired the rights to a design for a two-seat tandem gyroplane which was used as a basis to develop the AR-1 gyroplane. To date SLA LLC has sold 53 gyroplanes, 48 of them as AR-1 kits. 4 Table of Contents Inventory consists of CNC machined parts, raw materials like metal tubing, composite materials, resins, and hardware. SLA LLC maintains a hangar at the Zephyrhills Airport. At this facility we have the capacity to produce 12 gyroplane kits per year. Sales have traditionally averaged approximately 10 per year, with sales expected to be lower for 2023, due to inflation and rising interest rates. We manufacture kits for gyroplanes that are not put together, but rather we manufacture parts and assemblies used in the gyroplanes but they do not get put together by us but by our customers who are considered the builders of the gyroplanes by the FAA as they do 51 of the work on the aircraft. SLA LLC is also in the process of designing a brand-new Side-by-Side four-seater VTOL (vertical take-off landing) model, it is scheduled to be completed within the next two years and certified under the FAA Experimental Type Certificate program. We anticipate our manufacturing capacity to be approximately 15 to 20 units a year depending on options and configuration. We anticipate commencing production for a side gyroplane in July 2024. (AR-1) American Ranger 1 Gyroplane The AR-1 is a modern gyroplane manufactured in the United States in our 12,000 square foot factory located in the greater Tampa Bay area of central Florida. We also offer buyers assistance at our facility. The AR-1 combines eye-catching design elements and style, balanced with ever-important safety features and performance. The AR-1 cuts through turbulence and high wind, for smooth and comfortable flying. With speeds ranging as high as 110 mph or as slow as 25 mph, you can enjoy a cross-country adventure or sight-see around your environment at a leisurely pace, while in complete control. Performance Unlike a helicopter, a gyroplane s rotor blades are not connected to the engine, except during pre-rotation just before takeoff. The rotor blades auto-rotate by way of being loaded and traveling through air. Thus, a gyroplane does not need the engine to be in control in order to fly. Instead, the engine keeps the gyroplane moving forward, without losing altitude. In the event of an engine failure, the gyroplane will simply start to lose altitude and can land with almost zero roll meaning it can touch down gently and then safely come to a stop. It needs a relatively small space (300 to 600 feet) to break ground on takeoff. Gyroplane Stowing Hauling Gyroplanes are compact aircraft that can easily be stowed in a relatively small space, in a hangar or garage. Gyroplanes take up much less space than any aircraft with wings and can be easily transported in a trailer. Enclosure Options The AR-1 gyroplane has a convertible option (AR-1C), with the choice of being fully-enclosed or having two windshields. This is a unique option, in its class and price range, giving the option to fly with a semi-open cockpit with windshields or with a fully-enclosed canopy with cabin heat for winter months. The enclosed canopy can also be ordered and installed at a later point by the factory or service station. Engineering Our rotor system is the venerable high-inertia Stella rotor system, which is an aluminum alloy rotor. The carriage is built on a high-strength welded stainless-steel frame, with a fiberglass composite streamlined fairing, with an effective tail for excellent stability and control. The AR-1 s controls are easily accessible and made primarily of metal tubes not push-pull control cables. The main landing gear is 7075-T6 aluminum leaf spring which supplies a slower spring back rate than composite leaf gear found in many production machines. Landing gear is covered by lift generating composite fairings. Hydraulic disc brakes are installed on both main wheels, with wheel pants. 5 Table of Contents Additionally, the AR-1 is available powered by field-proven industry standard Rotax aircraft four-stroke power plants. It comes with a choice of either Rotax 912ULS (dual carbs) or 912iS (fuel injected) 100 HP engine or the turbocharged Rotax 914UL 115HP engine for better performance and operation at higher altitudes or the latest technology in Rotax aircraft engine line, Rotax 915iS, with fuel injected turbo charged 141 HP that can really kick things up. Flight Dynamics The AR-1 s gyro establishes new norms in modern pusher-style gyroplanes. The AR-1 has little coupling between power and yaw, and power and pitch. The AR-1 s high inertia rotor system and clean lines give it a better glide ratio and energy retention, making landing easier and more forgiving even for beginner pilots. Its front (or nose) wheel is linked to the rudder for easier taxing, but also has trail which allows a good compromise in both ground handling and in lessening danger of a pilot touching down the nose wheel while the front wheel is angled sideways (like in a crosswind but there is still some forward speed left). With these capabilities, it was anticipated that the improved safety, performance, reliability, maneuverability, and operating cost of our gyrocopters would permit them to compete with helicopters for most of their missions. Potential customers included: Law enforcement (police, sheriff, border patrol, customs, drug interdiction); Public service agencies (fire patrol, wildlife, land management); Military (courier, armed surveillance, VIP transport, forward artillery control, ground attack, unmanned aerial vehicle); Commercial (oil, gas, and power line patrol and inspection, land survey, aerial photography, crop spraying, herd management, air taxi service, corporate transport) and Private (commuting, sport flying, training). Electric Vehicle Division Our Product Lines will consist of the following (prices are approximate, based on current supply costs and cost of labor hours): High-End: Price Range 50,000. The new Dagger Series with options of a 1400 cc Suzuki Hayabusa ICE Internal Combustion Engine high output performance engine, or a pure electric powertrain Plug-In EV ). Mid-Level: Price Range 25,000. The Arrow Series , with options of a 650 cc ICE engine with CVT continuously variable Transmission ), or a 20 KW Peak of 40 KW pure electric powertrain Plug-In EV ). Low-End: Price Range 10,000. Our entry- level Orca series , with option of a 250 cc ICE engine, or a 15 KW Peak of 30 KW pure electric powertrain Plug-In EV ). 6 Table of Contents The Dagger Series and Arrow Series models are not yet being sold. We have commenced marketing on our Orca Series. Silverlight Electric Vehicle will be managing the sales and marketing of the electric vehicles. The manufacturing will be under 808 Renewable Energy Corp. The company plans on selling our vehicles through the company website and reseller agents. We have received our WMI (World Manufacturer Identification ), and we are working on our Florida DMV Manufacturer License at the moment too. Once acquired, we will have the capability to issue our VIN numbers, and start selling our new reverse-trike products. SilverLight Electric Vehicle Inc. has received its NHTSA (National Highway and Transportation Safety Administration Manufacturer Identification) number. This NHTSA number enables the company to issue VIN s (Vehicle identification Number) for the sales of its electric reverse-trike products. In addition, we hope to finalize our powertrain testing of two entry models - a convertible roadster model and a gull-wing fully enclosed cabin model. We expect the powertrain system will deliver up to 45 KW (60 HP) of peak output, up to 150 miles per charge with its 15 Kwh and 20 Kwh lithium-ion battery packs. Government Regulation The nature of aviation products has resulted in their manufacture being regulated by governments for public safety, national defense, and economic and/or political purposes. Such regulations vary widely by country, by product type and by usage. Our products and intended products are principally impacted by United States laws and regulations, but also by requirements in our potential export markets. As our products can be used for private, commercial, public agency or military purposes, their sale and operation are governed by regulations appropriate to each category. Developmental flight testing of our aircraft is carried out under exemption rules covering experimental aircraft. The following section reviews the principal regulations applicable to each category of our activities in the United States. Our gyroplanes are subject to the Federal Aviation Administration FAA - LSA (Light Sports Aircraft) classification. We are classified as Experimental Amateur Built and are not required to obtain certifications other than maintaining our general business registration. As we manufacture the kits (parts and assemblies) for gyroplanes that are not put together, but rather are put together by our customers who are considered the builders of the gyroplanes by the FAA. Intellectual Property We do not currently own, and do not have any current plans to seek, any patents in connection with our existing and planned operations. Except for the trademark of ORCA from the United States Patent and Trademark Office, we do not have any copyrights, trademarks, but we generally rely upon copyright, trademark and trade secret laws to protect and maintain our proprietary rights for our technology and products. Notwithstanding the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our proprietary rights. Competitors may also independently develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to the technologies we employ in our products and services. Competition There are several companies offering or developing reverse trikes and gyrocopters, and there can be no assurance that direct competitors to our solutions will arise. The markets for our products are intensely competitive, continually evolving and subject to changing technologies. We face significant competition, including from companies that have entered this space much earlier than us and are better capitalized, with vertically integrated business models, larger than us, have more access to capital and have lower operating costs than we do. These competitors may be able to respond more rapidly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements or to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products. These competitors may enter our existing or future markets with currencies that may be less expensive, that may provide higher performance or additional features or that may be introduced more quickly than our products. Our products are also competing with other forms of trikes and copters which are currently more widely accepted and used by the public. 7 Table of Contents Employees Currently we and our subsidiaries employ about 10 individuals. These individuals consist of management, assembly, sales and support staff. Some of these individuals are employed through outside sourcing companies. Corporate Information Our principal offices are located at 850 Tidewater Shores Loop, Suite 402, Bradenton, Florida. Our main telephone number is (631) 397-1111. Our website address is https://www.silverlightev.com. We have not incorporated by reference into this prospectus the information that can be assessed though our website and you should not consider it to be part of this prospectus. Item 1A. Risk Factors. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide the information under this Item. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. The Company is neither an accelerated ler nor a large accelerated ler, as de ned in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 240.12b-2 of this chapter), nor is it a well-known seasoned issuer as de ned in Rule 405 of the Securities Act 230.405 of this chapter), and as such is not required to provide the information required by this item. Item 2. Properties. Currently the Company utilizes offices in the Gatewood Corporate Center, Florida, which occupies approximately 12,000 square feet, at a base monthly rent of 2,800, until May 2024. The Company leases this property The location will be used for the exhibition of the reverse trikes and gyrocopters, and will also have space for assembly of the vehicles. Our office at Zephyrhills, Florida, occupies approximately 10,000 square feet of hanger space. The location is used for manufacturing parts for our AR-1 gyrocopters, and some customized assemblies. This location is being provided to the Company by the President of the Company free of charge. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. Except for the following, to our knowledge we are not presently a party to any material litigation, nor to the knowledge of management is any litigation threatened against us, which may materially affect us: The Company recently learned that it was named as a defendant in a complaint (the Complaint filed by the SEC in November 2016. The Complaint alleges that certain individuals who served as officers, directors and or advisors to the Company on or before that time had engaged in fraudulent and unregistered offer and sale of securities. Current management was not involved with the Company at the time of the filing of the Complaint and only recently learned of the existence of the Complaint. It appears that the individuals named in the Complaint appeared on their individual behalf, but no one appeared on behalf of the Company. There has not been a default judgment issued against the Company. The Company believes that it is not responsible for the allegations in the Complaint and recently retained counsel to investigate this matter and is attempting to resolve with the SEC. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to resolve this matter without going to trial, and if it does go to trial whether the Company will successfully defend the against the allegations in the Complaint. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 8 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Market Information The Common Stock of the Company is currently trading on the Pink Sheets under the symbol RNWR. Over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transaction. The following information reflects the high and low bid prices of the Company s common stock on the Pink Sheets for the last two fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022: Quarterly period High Low Fiscal year ended December 31, 2021: First Quarter 0.7699 0.0181 Second Quarter 0.3565 0.1000 Third Quarter 0.2000 0.1540 Fourth Quarter 0.2000 0.1100 Fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: First Quarter 0.07 0.187 Second Quarter 0.055 0.14 Third Quarter 0.05 0.09 Fourth Quarter 0.032 0.10 Holders As of December 31, 2022, there were 1,395,221,422 shares of common stock outstanding, which were held by approximately 525 record holders. 9 Table of Contents Dividends We have never paid cash dividends on any of our capital stock and we currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The Company does not currently maintain any Equity Compensation Plans. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no sales by the Company (which have not been included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K) that were not registered under the Securities Act. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this Annual Report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include but are not limited to those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Plan of Operation The Company, through its subsidiaries, SilverLight Aviation, LLC and Silverlight Electric Vehicle Inc. is actively engaged in the design, development, manufacturing, distribution and marketing of reverse trikes and gyrocopters. To continue operations for the next 12 months we will have a cash need of approximately 500,000. The Company expects to fulfill our cash needs through revenue. Should this not be sufficient we will need to raise money through outside investors through convertible notes, debt or similar instrument(s), the Company has no committed external source of funds, and there is no guarantee we would be able to raise such funds. The Company plans to pay off current liabilities through sales and increasing revenue through sales of Company services and or products, or through financing activities as mentioned above. Results from Operations For the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021 The following discussion reflects consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. Revenue The Company had sales of 424,462 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 608,524 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily due to fewer gyrocopter sales during the year ended December 31, 2022. Operating Expenses The Company had operating expenses of 422,325 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 429,839 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 10 Table of Contents Loss From Operations As a result of the foregoing, loss from operations was 683,690 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 280,194 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in our overall loss from operations was a result of an increase in the cost of goods sold, specifically an increase in purchases. Net Income (Loss) The Company had a net loss of 404,926 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 213,996 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily due to an increase in cost of goods sold. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company had 1,999,941 and 2,409,333 in total assets respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has yet to achieve profitable operations, and while the Company hopes to achieve profitable operations in the future, if not it may need to raise capital from stockholders or other sources to sustain operations and to ultimately achieve viable operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s principal sources of liquidity have been cash provided by operating activities, as well as its ability to raise capital. The Company s operating results for future periods are subject to numerous uncertainties and it is uncertain if the Company will be able to become profitable and continue growth for the foreseeable future. If management is not able to increase revenue and/or manage operating expenses, the Company may not be able to achieve profitability. The Company s ability to continue in existence is dependent on the Company s ability to achieve profitable operations. To continue operations for the next 12 months we will have a cash need of approximately 500,000. Should we not be able to fulfill our cash needs through the increase of revenue we will need to raise money through outside investors through convertible notes, debt or similar instrument(s), the Company has no committed external source of funds, and there is no guarantee we would be able to raise such funds. the Company plans to pay off current liabilities through sales and increasing revenue through sales of Company services and or products, or through financing activities as mentioned above. Net Cash Used in Operating Activities For the year ended December 31, 2022 718,467 net cash used in operating activities was primarily due to a loss from continued operations financed by loans from related parties. For the year ended December 31, 2021 1,118,976 net cash used in operations was primarily due to a loss from continued operations and a large increase in inventory during 2021. Net Cash Used by Investing Activities For the year ended December 31, 2022 net cash used by investing activities was 25,339 as compared to 657,594. The decrease was due to the purchase of a subsidiary, net of working capital of 306,858 and purchase of assets and molds of 350,736 during the year ended December 31, 2021. Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities For the year ended December 31, 2022 net cash used by financing activities was 316,252 compared to 2,260,800 provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was due to the investment by the Company in the year 2021 financed by related party loans. 11 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 1,999,941 in total assets, consisting of 877,310 in inventory, 693,141 in goodwill, 68,536 in intangible assets, and 287,278 in property plant and equipment. The Company had total liabilities of 2,699,034 as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has yet to achieve profitable operations, and while the Company hopes to achieve profitable operations in the future, if not it may need to raise capital from stockholders or other sources to sustain operations and to ultimately achieve viable operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s principal sources of liquidity have been cash provided by operating activities, as well as its ability to raise capital. The Company s operating results for future periods are subject to numerous uncertainties and it is uncertain if the Company will be able to become profitable and continue growth for the foreseeable future. If management is not able to increase revenue and/or manage operating expenses, the Company may not be able to achieve profitability. The Company s ability to continue in existence is dependent on the Company s ability to achieve profitable operations. Our cash flows for the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized below: Twelve Months Ended Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Net cash provided by (used by) operating activities (718,468 (1,118,976 Net cash provided by (used by) investing activities (25,339 (657,594 Net cash provided by financing activities 316,252 2,260,800 NET CHANGE IN CASH (427,555 484,230 CASH, Beginning 484,230 - CASH, Ending 56,675 484,230 Advances from Officer During the year ended December 31, 2022, an Officer loaned the company 9,545 to pay operating expenses. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, contingencies and taxes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. The following critical accounting policies are impacted significantly by judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 12 Table of Contents Loss Contingencies The Company is subject to various loss contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company considers the likelihood of loss or impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability, as well as its ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss in determining loss contingencies. An estimated loss contingency is accrued when management concludes that it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company regularly evaluates current information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be adjusted. Income Taxes The Company recognizes deferred tax assets (future tax benefits) and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the book carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the expected future tax return consequences of those differences, which are expected to be either deductible or taxable when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements for discussion of Recent Accounting Pronouncements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We are not currently a party to, or otherwise involved with, any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. Recently Adopted Accounting Standards In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Topic 606, or ASU 2014-09. ASU 2014-09 establishes the principles for recognizing revenue and develops a common revenue standard for U.S. GAAP. The standard outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. In applying the new revenue recognition model to contracts with customers, an entity: (1) identifies the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identifies the performance obligations in the contract(s); (3) determines the transaction price; (4) allocates the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract(s); and (5) recognizes revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The accounting standards update applies to all contracts with customers except those that are within the scope of other topics in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. The accounting standards update also requires significantly expanded quantitative and qualitative disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. This guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company adopted ASU 2014-09 effective January 1, 2018. The adoption of this standard had no material impact on the Company s financial statements. Purchase of Significant Equipment We have not previously, nor do we intend to purchase any significant equipment during the next twelve months. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). 13 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Index to Financial Statements Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 14 Table of Contents Gries Associates, LLC Certified Public Accountants 501 S. Cherry Street, Ste 1100 Denver, Colorado 80246 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 808 Renewable Energy Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of 808 Renewable Energy Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit and cash flows for the period then ended and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the period then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion Going Concern Uncertainty The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred losses since inception of 24,300,143. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had a net loss of 680,603. These factors create an uncertainty as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Emphasis of Matters-Risks and Uncertainties The Company is not able to predict the ultimate impact that COVID -19 will have on its business. However, if the current economic conditions continue, the pandemic could have an adverse impact on the economies and financial markets of many countries, including the geographical area in which the Company plans to operate. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. April 14, 2023 PCAOB# blaze@griesandassociates.com 501 S. Cherry Street, Suite 1100, Denver, Colorado 80246 (O)720-464-2875 (M)773-255-5631 (F)720-222-5846 F-1 Table of Contents 808 Renewable Energy Corporation and Subsidiary Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash Accounts Receivable Inventory Receivables, related parties Total current assets Other assets Goodwill Property, Plant and Equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively Intangible Assets, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively Deposits Total other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY LIABILITIES Current liabilities Accounts payable Credit Card Payable Payroll Taxes Payable Accrued liabilities Liabilities, related party Loans payable, related party Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities Note payable, related party Note payable - EIDL Note payable - PPP Notes payable - Other Total long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Preferred stock, and par value, respectively; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Common stock, par value and par value, respectively; shares authorized; outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Non-controlling interest Total stockholders' equity (deficit) Total liabilities and stockholders' equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents 808 Renewable Energy Corporation and Subsidiary Consolidated Statements of Operations Twelve Months Ended Predecessor Period Ended Successor Period Ended Total Period Ended December 31, 2022 March 15, 2021 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2021 Sales, net of allowances Cost of Sales Purchases Labor Freight and Shipping Costs Total cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses Advertising Amortization Automobile and Truck Expense Bank Charges Commissions Consulting Depreciation Expense Dues and Subscriptions Fuel Legal and professional fees Meals and Entertainment Office Expense Office Salaries and Wages Officer Salaries Payroll Tax Expense Rent Travel Expense Utilities General and administrative - other Total operating expenses Net Income (Loss) from operations Other (expenses) Interest Expense Other income Net Income (Loss) before income taxes Income taxes Net Income (Loss) before non-controlling interest Less non-controlling interest Net income (loss) Net loss per common share Basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares Basic and diluted - Net loss is less than 0.01 per share. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents 808 Renewable Energy Corporation and Subsidiary Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity Preferred Stock Series D No Par Value Preferred Stock Series F 0.001 Par Value Common Stock 0.00001 Par Value Additional Paid-in Accumulated Non-controlling Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital (Deficit) Interest (deficit) BALANCES, December 31, 2021 - - (18,490 Net loss for the period - - - BALANCES, December 31, 2022 - - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents 808 Renewable Energy Corporation and Subsidiary Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity Preferred Stock Series D No Par Value Preferred Stock Series F 0.001 Par Value Common Stock 0.00001 Par Value Additional Paid-in Accumulated Non-controlling Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital (Deficit) Interest (deficit) Balances, December 31, 2020 - - Change par value of common shares - - - Repurchase of common shares - - Sale of common shares - - Non-controlling interest at time of acquisition of Silverlight Aviation LLC - - - Income (loss) for the period - - - (272,064 BALANCES, December 31, 2021 - - 192,998 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents 808 Renewable Energy Corporation and Subsidiary Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Twelve Months Ended Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operations: Amortization Forgiveness of PPP Loan Non-Controlling interest Changes in: Inventory Accounts Receivable Accounts payable Accrued liabilities, related party Net cash provided by (used by) operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of assets Purchase of assets Molds Purchase of subsidiary, net of working capital Net cash provided by (used by) investing activities FINANCING ACTIVITIES Notes Payable EIDL Loan PPP Loan Sale of common shares Repurchase of common shares Loans from related party, net of repayment Net cash provided by financing activities NET CHANGE IN CASH CASH , Beginning CASH , Ending SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Interest paid Income taxes paid NON-CASH DISCLOSURES Forgiveness of PPP Loan The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents of the membership interests in SilverLight Aviation LLC SLA LLC ), a Florida limited liability company, that has been in business for approximately ten years and specializes in the design, manufacture and sale of gyroplane kits to the general public throughout the United States. See Note 4 Significant Acquisition. On May 3, 2021 the Company acquired certain assets in the Trike field from Atelier de Motelage RB, Inc. in exchange for an aggregate of One Hundred Ninety Five Thousand Dollars. percent owned subsidiary, SLA LLC and its fifty-one percent owned subsidiary, SLEV. All intercompany balances have been eliminated during consolidation. Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements Revenue recognition F-7 Table of Contents Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Other Comprehensive Loss Income Taxes Business Combination F-8 Table of Contents Loss per Share Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements Going Concern at December 31, 2022 and has incurred losses from operations since inception and had a net loss of for the year ended December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The continued operations of the Company are dependent upon its ability to raise additional capital, obtain additional financing, and/or acquire or develop a business that generates sufficient positive cash flows from operations. Subsequent Events F-9 Table of Contents of the membership interest of SLA LLC. SLA LLC is a Florida private manufacturing and retail company of gyroplane kits. The acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method in accordance with ASC 805. The following table presents the allocation of the consideration given to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, based on their fair values at March 15, 2021: Allocation of Consideration Given Cash in bank Inventory Receivables - other Intangible asset - Design, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets Current liabilities Long-term liabilities Total liabilities Non-controlling interest fair value at time of acquisition of SLA LLC Net assets acquired On May 3, 2021 the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement to acquire certain assets in the Trike field from Atelier de Motelage RB, Inc. in exchange for an aggregate of One Hundred Ninety Five Thousand Dollars. from the Small Business Administration as part of the PPP in exchange for an unsecured promissory note at the rate of . This loan was forgiven during June 2021. On February 12, 2021, SLA LLC borrowed from the Small Business Administration as part of the Paycheck Protection Program PPP in exchange for an unsecured promissory note at the rate of . On December 31, 2021, SLA LLC owes in principal and accrued interest. This loan was forgiven during January 2022. On June 13, 2020, SLA LLC borrowed from the Small Business Administration in exchange for a secured promissory note at the rate of . The promissory note is collateralized by the tangible and intangible property of SLA LLC. At December 31, 2021, SLA LLC owes in principal and accrued interest. This loan was paid in full in March 2022. F-10 Table of Contents from the Small Business Administration in exchange for a secured promissory note at the rate of . The promissory note is collateralized by the tangible and intangible property of SLA LLC. At December 31, 2021, SLA LLC owes 30,614 in principal and accrued interest. This loan was paid in full in March 2022. Due to Related Party On March 1, 2021, the Company s majority shareholder loaned the Company in order for the Company to acquire a percent membership interest in Silverlight Aviation LLC in exchange for the . At December 31, 2022, the Company owes 1,000,000 in principal plus accrued interest of 55,000. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, a shareholder/officer/director of the Company loaned to the Company. At December 31, 2022, the Company owed the shareholder/officer/director . During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, an officer/director of the Company loaned to the Company. On December 31, 2022, the Company owed the officer/director .i During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, a shareholder/officer of SLA LLC loaned 9,545 to SLA LLC. At December 31, 2022, the Company owed the shareholder/officer . authorized shares of and par value preferred stock, respectively. Series D Convertible On September 29, 2014, the Board of Directors established the Series D Preferred Stock, consisting of shares with no par value. The Series D Preferred Stock shareholders are entitled to receive cumulative quarterly dividends at the rate of per share per annum and will share in any liquidation, or dissolution, preference to any other distribution to the holders of common shares, an amount equal to for each outstanding share. The holders of the Series D Preferred Stock shall have the right to convert, at their option, 24 months after the date of issuance, into common shares at a price equivalent to 40 of the Company s average market price for ten trading days prior to conversion. The Series D Preferred Stock will automatically convert to common stock upon the earlier of (i) 24 months from the purchase date or (ii) the date specified by written consent or agreement of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock. At December 31, 2022 and, there are no shares of Series D Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. Series F Convertible On November 14, 2018, the Board of Directors established the Series F Preferred Stock, consisting of shares with a par value of per share. The Series F Preferred Stock shareholders shall have the right, at their option, at any time at the date of issuance, into common shares of the Company equal to of the total issued and outstanding share of common stock of the Company upon conversion, the number of common shares to be issued shall represent the same percentage of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock that the Series F Preferred Stockholder had prior to conversion. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are no shares of Series F Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. Common Stock The Company s capital stock at December 31, 2022 consists of authorized shares of and par value common stock and there are a total of shares of issued and outstanding, respectively. F-11 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We have performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President, and our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO)), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our President, and CEO and CFO, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure due to the material weaknesses described below. Based on our evaluation under the framework described above, our management concluded that we had material weaknesses (as such term is defined below) in our control environment and financial reporting process consisting of the following as of the Evaluation Date: 1) lack of a functioning audit committee for the entire fiscal year resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal control and procedures; and 2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives . A material weakness is defined under SEC rules as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. A system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system of controls are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that (a) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the our management and directors; and (c) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting None. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 15 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The names, ages, and positions of the Company s present executive officers and directors are set forth in the following table: Name Age Position David Chen 58 Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board Peter Yaugh Chen 53 Chief Financial Officer, Director Directors are elected annually and hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company and until their successors are elected. Officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors (the Board and serve at the discretion of the Board. Director and Officer Biographical Information David Chen Chairman of the Board/CEO/President David Chen has served as Chief Operating Officer of XT Energy Group, Inc. from July 2018 to March 2020. He has served as Executive Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of ASC, since July 2017, as Executive Director of Asia Pacific at Federal Aerospace Holdings Group, a general aviation development company since September 2015, as President of Sino Tech Jiu-Ding Energy Development Co., Ltd., a shale oil technology company, since May 2016, and as President of Inner Mongolia Aero Motor Group, a low-speed electric vehicle manufacturing company, since December 2017. He previously served as President of American Franchise Development Group from May 1998 to March 2008, and as Property Claims Manager at Transtate Insurance Company, a New York State Property Casualty Insurer from June 1991 to July 1998. Mr. Chen received a master s degree in Asian Studies from St. John s University and an Executive degree in business administration from Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth. Mr. Chen obtained his bachelor s degree in computer science from Southern Connecticut State University. Mr. Chen has received numerous awards for his business achievement, such as Minority Retailer of the Year in 2006 by U.S. Department of Commerce, Minority Business Development Agency, Overseas Chinese Model Businessman of the Year in 2006 by Republic of China (Taiwan), Businessman of the Year in 2007 by National Republican Congressional Committee Business Advisory Committee. Peter Yaugh Chen Director/CFO Peter Yaugh Chen served as the Vice President, Development Operations as well as director of Development Operations at MiMedia, Inc. since 2014. Peter serves as Director and Executive Vice President of American Software Capital Inc. Peter is the brother of David Chen. There are no agreements with respect to electing directors. Except as set forth below, none of the directors held any directorships during the past five years in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of such act, or of any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Board of Directors has not adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to the registrant s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. 16 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Committees of the Board of Directors We have no separately designated standing audit committee, compensation committee, nominating committee, executive committee or any other committees of our Board. The functions of those committees are currently undertaken by our Board. We expect to put into place a separately designated audit committee, compensation committee and nominating committee upon the completion of this offering. The Board does not have an express policy with regard to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by stockholders since the Board believes that it can adequately evaluate any such nominees on a case-by-case basis; however, the Board will evaluate stockholder recommended candidates under the same criteria as internally generated candidates. Although the Board does not currently have any formal minimum criteria for nominees, substantial relevant business and industry experience would generally be considered important, as would the ability to attend and prepare for board, committee and stockholder meetings. Any candidate must state in advance his or her willingness and interest in serving on the board of directors. Code of Ethics We have not adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our directors, officers (including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and any person performing similar functions) and employees. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings Our Directors and Executive Officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 1. any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 2. any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 3. being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 4. being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 5. being subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 6. being subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. The following table sets forth the compensation for our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 earned by or awarded to, as applicable, our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and our other most highly compensated executive officers as of December 31, 2022. In this prospectus, we refer to such officers as our Named Executive Officers. 17 Table of Contents The following table sets forth information for our two most recently completed fiscal years concerning all of the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the executive officers named below. No other employees earned a salary over 100,000 in the last two completed fiscal years. Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards( Option Awards( Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings( All Other Compensation ) Total( David Chen, Chairman, CEO, President (1) 2022 0 - - - - - - 0 2021 - - - - - - - 0 Peter Yaugh Chen, CFO Director, (2) 2022 - -- - - - - - 0 2021 - - - - - - - 0 William Bossung (3) 2022 - -- - - - - - 0 2021 - - - - - - - 0 (1) David Chen was named Chairman, CEO and President February 11, 2021. (2) Peter Yaugh Chen was named Director and CFO February 11, 2021. (3) Mr. Bossung served as an officer and director of the Company until resignation on February 11, 2021. Directors Compensation During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our directors were not paid any compensation for serving as Directors of the Company. Employment Agreements The Company does not have any written or oral agreements with any of its executive officers regarding compensation. Overview of Compensation Program We currently do not maintain a Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Until a formal committee is established, our entire Board of Directors has responsibility for establishing, implementing, and continually monitoring adherence with the Company s compensation philosophy. The Board of Directors ensures that the total compensation paid to the executives is fair, reasonable, and competitive. 18 Table of Contents Compensation Philosophy and Objectives The Board of Directors believes that the most effective executive compensation program is one that is designed to reward the achievement of specific annual, long-term and strategic goals by the Company and that aligns executives interests with those of the stockholders by rewarding performance above established goals, with the ultimate objective of improving stockholder value. As a result of the size of the Company, the Board evaluates both performance and compensation on an informal basis. Upon hiring additional executives, the Board intends to establish a Compensation Committee to evaluate both performance and compensation to ensure that the Company maintains its ability to attract and retain superior employees in key positions and that compensation provided to key employees remains competitive. Role of Executive Officers in Compensation Decisions The Board of Directors makes all compensation decisions for, and approves recommendations regarding equity awards to, the executive officers and directors of the Company. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following tables set forth, as of December 31, 2021, certain information concerning the beneficial ownership of our capital stock, including our common stock by: each stockholder known by us to own beneficially 5 or more of any class of our outstanding stock; each director; each named executive officer; all of our executive officers and directors as a group; and each person, or group of affiliated persons, who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of any class of our outstanding stock. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they beneficially owned, subject to applicable community property laws. Unless otherwise specified the address for each of the above is 850 Tidewater Shores Loop, Suite 402, Bradenton, Florida 34208 . Our calculation of the percentage of beneficial ownership prior to this offering is based on 1,395,221,422 shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2021. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person or persons, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person or persons (and only such person or persons) by reason of these acquisition rights. Name Shares of Common Stock Percentage of Common Stock Executive Officers and Directors David Chen (1) 1,295,000,000 92.8 Peter Yaugh Chen 0 0 Officers and Directors as a Group (2 individuals) 1,295,000,000 92.8 Less than 1 . (1) Shares are held in the name American Software Capital Inc., and entity of which David Chen is the President. 19 Table of Contents Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Transactions with Related Persons Except as set out below, since the beginning of the Company s last fiscal year, there have been no transactions, or currently proposed transactions, in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds 120,000, and in which any of the following people had or will have a direct or indirect material interest: Any director or executive officer of the Company; Any immediate family member of a director or executive officer of the Company; and Any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 5 of the voting rights attached to our outstanding shares of common stock. On February 11, 2021, the Company agreed as part of a Stock Purchase Agreement to sell 1,295,000,000 shares of its 0.00001 par value common stock to American Software Capital, Inc. (an entity owned and controlled by David Chen, CEO and President of the Company) in exchange for 80,000 in cash. As of December 31, 2022 David Chen, CEO and President of the Company, loaned the Company 1,345,987. The balance due of 1,345,987 as at December 31, 2022 is presented as due to related parties in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The amounts due are non-interest bearing and payable upon demand. At December 31, 2022 no demand for repayment has been made. Stock Issuances to Officers and Directors None. Promoters and Certain Control Persons None. Independent Directors The Company has no independent directors. 20 Table of Contents Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. Principal Accounting Fees Services 2022 2021 Audit Fees 12,000 12,000 Audit Related Fees 9,000 9,000 Tax Fees - 1,175 All Other Fees - - Total Fees 21,000 22,175 Audit Fees These amounts consisted of the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the Company s Form 10-Q or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years. Audit-Related Fees These amounts consisted of the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These fees were for professional services incurred in connection with accounting consultations and consultation regarding financial accounting and reporting standards. Tax Fees These amounts consisted of the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for tax services including tax compliance and the preparation of tax returns and tax consultation services. There were no such services by our principal accountant in 2022 or 2021. All Other Fees These amounts consisted of the aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above. There were no such services by our principal accountant in 2022 or 2021. 21 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Schedules (a)(1) Index to Consolidated Financial Statements The Financial Statements listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Part II, Item 8, Financial Statement and Supplementary Data. (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules Other financial statement schedules for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes to consolidated financial statements. (a)(3) Exhibits The Exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are attached and incorporated herein by reference and filed as part of this report. Item 16. Form 10 K Summary None. 22 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Securities 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 808 Renewable Energy Corporation Dated: April 14, 2023 By: /s/ David Chen David Chen CEO/President/Chairman of the Board Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ David Chen Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) April 14, 2023 David Chen /s/ Peter Yaugh Chen Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial Officer) April 14, 2023 Peter Yaugh Chen 23 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX EXHIBIT NO. DOCUMENT 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 24 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 rnwr_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 rnwr_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) I, David Chen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K for 808 Renewable Energy Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on the most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s other certifying officer and registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 808 Renewable Energy Corporation Date: April 14, 2023 By: /s/ David Chen Name: David Chen Title: CEO/President (Chief Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 rnwr_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 rnwr_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) I, Peter Yaugh Chen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K for 808 Renewable Energy Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s other certifying officer and registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 808 Renewable Energy Corporation Date: April 14, 2023 By: /s/ Peter Yaugh Chen Name: Peter Yaugh Chen Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 rnwr_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 rnwr_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 The undersigned, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of 808 Renewable Energy Corporation, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to their knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of 808 Renewable Energy Corporation for year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of 808 Renewable Energy Corporation Date: April 14, 2023 By: /s/ David Chen David Chen Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Peter Yaugh Chen Peter Yaugh Chen Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signatures that appear in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to 808 Renewable Energy Corporation and will be retained by 808 Renewable Energy Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 rnew-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 rnew-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 rnew-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rnew-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

