<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230609_10-K_edgar_data_1300524_0001493152-23-020732.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10651355</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>901358</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1704343</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4119318</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1621390</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2040126</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-020732.hdr.sgml : 20230609
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230609162508
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-020732
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230609
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230609

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001300524
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HEALTH SERVICES [8000]
		IRS NUMBER:				901898207
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50912
		FILM NUMBER:		231005665

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		205 S BAILEY STEET
		CITY:			ELECTRA
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76360
		BUSINESS PHONE:		940-495-2155

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		205 S BAILEY STEET
		CITY:			ELECTRA
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76360

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Delta Seaboard International, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100518

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Hammonds Industries, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070515

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	International American Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050310

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-020732.txt : 20230609

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______________ to ________________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, 0.0001 Par Value Per Share 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the fi ling reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately based on the closing
sale price of 16.99 (as adjusted for the Registrant s 1-for-60 reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock effective May
12, 2022) on such trading date as reported on the OTCQB. For purposes of calculating the aggregate market value of shares held by non-affiliates,
we have assumed that all outstanding shares are held by non-affiliates, except for shares held by each of our executive officers, directors
and 5 or greater stockholders. In the case of 5 or greater stockholders, we have not deemed such stockholders to be affiliates unless
there are facts and circumstances which would indicate that such stockholders exercise any control over our company, or unless they hold
10 or more of our outstanding common stock. These assumptions should not be deemed to constitute an admission that all executive officers,
directors and 5 or greater stockholders are, in fact, affiliates of our company, or that there are not other persons who may be deemed
to be affiliates of our company. Further information concerning shareholdings of our officers, directors and principal stockholders is
included in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The
number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of equity as of June 9, 2023 is shares of common stock. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Cautionary Statement regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 
 PART I 
 2 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 2 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 28 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 71 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 72 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 72 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 72 
 
 PART II 
 73 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 73 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 79 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 79 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 85 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 86 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 114 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 114 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 115 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 116 
 
 PART III 
 117 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 117 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 123 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 128 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS; AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 132 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 138 
 
 PART IV 
 139 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 139 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 145 

i 

 Table of Contents 

Cautionary
Statement regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: anticipate, 
 believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, ongoing, plan, potential, 
 predict, project, should, or the negative of these terms or other comparable
terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future
performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will
be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time the statements are made and involve known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially
different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Report. These factors include: 

estimates
 of our expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and our needs for additional financing; 

our
 business strategy and our recent change in business strategy; 

our
 reserves; 

technology; 

our
 cash flows and liquidity; 

our
 financial strategy, budget, projections and operating results; 

oil
 and natural gas realized prices; 

timing
 and amount of future production of oil and natural gas; 

the
 availability of oil field labor; 

the
 amount, nature and timing of capital expenditures, including future exploration and development costs; 

drilling
 of wells; 

government
 regulation and taxation of the oil and natural gas industry; 

changes
 in, and interpretations and enforcement of, environmental and other laws and other political and regulatory developments; 

exploitation
 projects or property acquisitions; 

costs
 of exploiting and developing our properties and conducting other operations; 

general
 economic conditions in the United States and around the world, including the effect of regional or global health pandemics (such
 as, for example, the 2019 coronavirus COVID-19 )), recent increases in inflation and interest rates, and risks
 of recessions, including as a result thereof; 

competition
 in the oil and natural gas industry; 

effectiveness
 of our risk management activities; 

environmental
 liabilities; 

counterparty
 credit risk; 

developments
 in oil-producing and natural gas-producing countries; 

our
 future operating results; 

future
 acquisition transactions; 

our
 estimated future reserves and the present value of such reserves; and 

other
 risks described below under Risk Factors . 

You
should read the matters described in Risk Factors and the other cautionary statements made in this Report, and incorporated
by reference herein, as being applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they appear in this Report. We cannot assure
you that the forward-looking statements in this Report will prove to be accurate and therefore prospective investors are encouraged not
to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise
these forward-looking statements, even though our situation may change in the future. 

1 

 Table of Contents 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Introduction 

The
information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and
related notes included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data of this Report. 

Our
logo and some of our trademarks and tradenames are used in this Report. This Report also includes trademarks, tradenames and service
marks that are the property of others. Solely for convenience, trademarks, tradenames and service marks referred to in this Report may
appear without the , and SM symbols. References to our trademarks, tradenames and service marks are not intended to indicate
in any way that we will not assert to the fullest extent under applicable law our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors if
any, nor that respective owners to other intellectual property rights will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their
rights thereto. We do not intend the use or display of other companies trademarks and trade names to imply a relationship with,
or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. 

The
market data and certain other statistical information used throughout this Report are based on independent industry publications, reports
by market research firms or other independent sources that we believe to be reliable sources. Industry publications and third-party research,
surveys and studies generally indicate that their information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, although they do
not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information, and we have no commissioned any such information. We are responsible
for all of the disclosures contained in this Report, and we believe these industry publications and third-party research, surveys and
studies are reliable. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding any third-party information presented in this Report, their
estimates, in particular, as they relate to projections, involve numerous assumptions, are subject to risks and uncertainties, and are
subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the section entitled Risk Factors beginning
on page 20 of this Report. These and other factors could cause our future performance to differ materially from our assumptions and estimates.
Some market and other data included herein, as well as the data of competitors as they relate to American International Holdings Corp.,
is also based on our good faith estimates. 

Effective
on May 12, 2022, the Company affected a 1-for-60 reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding common stock by the filing of a Certificate
of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of Nevada (filed on May 6, 2022 and effective
on May 12, 2022)(the Reverse Stock Split ). The Reverse Stock Split has been retroactively reflected in the disclosures
below. Also on May 6, 2022, a Second Amended and Restated designation of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock was filed and became
effective with the Secretary of State of Nevada, whereby, among other things, a 1,000-for-1 forward stock split of the outstanding Series
A Preferred Stock of the Company was effected, which has not been retroactively reflected below. 

Unless
the context requires otherwise, references to the Company, we, us, our, 
 American International , AMIH and American International Holdings Corp. 
refer specifically to American International Holdings Corp. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

In
addition, unless the context otherwise requires and for the purposes of this Report only: 

Exchange Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

SEC or the Commission refers to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; and 

Securities Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

2 

 Table of Contents 

Where
You Can Find Other Information 

We
file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the
public over the Internet at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and are available for download, free of charge, soon after
such reports are filed with or furnished to the SEC, on our website at https://amihcorp.com/investors/ .
Copies of documents filed by us with the SEC are also available from us without charge, upon oral or written request to our Secretary,
who can be contacted at the address and telephone number set forth on the cover page of this Report. Our
website address is https://amihcorp.com. The information on, or that may be accessed through, our website is not incorporated
by reference into this Report and should not be considered a part of this Report. 

Items
1. and 2. Business and Properties 

Corporate
History 

American
International Holdings Corp. 

American
International Holdings Corp. was organized in 1986 and is incorporated in Nevada. The Company has undergone several name changes and
changes of control since its incorporation; however, from 2012 until April 2019, the Company had no operations and nominal assets. Our corporate headquarters is located at 205S Bailey Street, Electra, Texas 76360 and our telephone number is 469-963-2644. 

Prior
to May 31, 2018, the Company was a 93.2 owned subsidiary of American International Industries, Inc. American ,
 AMIN ), a company whose securities are traded on the OTCQB market maintained by OTC Markets under the symbol AMIN . 

Effective
on May 31, 2018, the Company issued (a) 71,667 shares of restricted common stock to Mr. Daniel Dror (the Company s former Chief
Executive Officer and President (who resigned from such positions effective on May 31, 2018)); (b) 63,333 shares of restricted common
stock to Mr. Robert Holden (who was appointed President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company on May 31, 2018 and resigned
on August 20, 2018); (c) 12,500 shares of restricted common stock to Mr. Everett Bassie (who was appointed as Chief Financial Officer,
Secretary, Treasurer and a member of the board of directors of the Company on May 31, 2018, and who has since resigned from all positions
with the Company); (d) 12,500 shares of restricted common stock to Mr. Winfred Fields (a consultant to the Company); and (e) 8,333 shares
of restricted common stock to Mr. Charles R. Zeller (a then director of the Company), each in consideration for services rendered to
the Company. 

As
a result of the issuance of the shares in May 2018 as discussed above, a change in control occurred. American International Industries,
Inc. ownership decreased from 93.2 to 6.4 . 

On
April 12, 2019, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the 2019 Share Exchange Agreement with
Novopelle Diamond, LLC, a Texas limited liability company Novopelle Diamond and
 Novopelle and certain unitholders of Novopelle Diamond. Pursuant to the terms of the 2019 Share Exchange
Agreement, the Company acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Novopelle Diamond by means of a share
exchange with the Novopelle Members in exchange for 300,000 newly issued shares of the common stock of the Company (the 2019 Share
Exchange ). As a result of the 2019 Share Exchange, Novopelle became a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. The closing
of the Share Exchange occurred concurrently with the entry into the 2019 Share Exchange Agreement and resulted in a change of
control of the Company. As a result of the 2019 Share Exchange, the Company acquired the business of Novopelle Diamond and all of
its assets. Novopelle Diamond is a physician supervised, medical spa and wellness clinic that offers a full menu of wellness
services including anti-aging, weight loss and skin rejuvenation treatments. 

The
three unitholders of Novopelle Diamond who received shares pursuant to the 2019 Share Exchange Agreement were (1) Jacob D. Cohen;
(2) Esteban Alexander; and (3) Luis Alan Hernandez, who each received six million shares pursuant to the 2019 Share
Exchange. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

Concurrent
with the 2019 Share Exchange, the Company entered into individual share exchange agreements and promissory notes with each of Daniel
Dror, Winfred Fields and former directors Everett Bassie and Charles Zeller (the AMIH Shareholders whereby the
AMIH Shareholders agreed to cancel and exchange a total of 81,667 shares of their Company common stock for individual promissory
notes with an aggregate principal amount of 350,000 (the Promissory Notes ). The Promissory Notes had a term of
two years and accrue interest at the rate of 10 per annum (payable at maturity) until paid in full by the Company. The current
principal balance of the Promissory Notes is approximately 110,000 as of the date of this filing. 

As
a result of the issuance of the shares in the 2019 Share Exchange and the cancellation of the shares held by the AMIH Shareholders,
control of the Company changed to (1) Jacob D. Cohen; (2) Esteban Alexander; and (3) Alan Hernandez, who each then owned 26 of the
Company s common stock following such transactions. 

Also
effective on April 12, 2019, the directors of the Company changed to Mr. Jacob D. Cohen; Mr. Esteban Alexander; and Mr. Alan Hernandez,
who were also each appointed as the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company (Mr. Cohen); the Chief Operating Officer and
Treasurer (Mr. Alexander); and the Chief Marketing Officer and Secretary (Mr. Hernandez). Mr. Bassie resigned as a member of the board
of directors of the Company and as the Secretary and Treasurer on April 12, 2019, but remained as the Company s Chief Financial
Officer until his passing on May 21, 2020. 

On
October 2, 2020, Jacob D. Cohen, the Chief Executive Officer and member of the board of directors of the Company entered into Stock Purchase
Agreements with each of (a) Esteban Alexander, the Chief Operating Officer and member of the board of directors of the Company, and (b)
Luis Alan Hernandez, the Chief Marketing Officer and member of the board of directors of the Company (collectively, the Preferred
Holders and the 2020 Stock Purchase Agreements ). 

Pursuant
to the 2020 Stock Purchase Agreements, Mr. Alexander agreed to sell 116,667 shares of common stock of the Company which he held to
Mr. Cohen, which rights to such shares were assigned by Mr. Cohen to Cohen Enterprises, Inc., which entity he controls Cohen Enterprises ), in consideration for an aggregate of 1,500 as well as for the amount of services provided
by Mr. Cohen to the Company; and Mr. Hernandez agreed to sell 66,667 shares of common stock of the Company which he held to Cohen
Enterprises, in consideration for an aggregate of 1,000 as well as for the amount of services provided by Mr. Cohen to the Company.
The sales closed on November 5, 2020. 

A
condition to the 2020 Stock Purchase Agreements was that each of Mr. Alexander and Mr. Hernandez resign as a member of the board of
directors of the Company by no later than January 15, 2021, which resignations were effective December 15, 2020. 

A
further requirement to the terms of the 2020 Stock Purchase Agreements was that each of Mr. Alexander and Mr. Hernandez take such
actions necessary and which may be requested from time to time by Mr. Cohen, to affect the cancellation of the one share of Series A
Preferred Stock of the Company held by each of them, for no consideration (including, but not limited to, without the required
payment by the Company of the 1 redemption price described in the designation of such Series A Preferred Stock). 

The
shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by Mr. Alexander and Mr. Hernandez were canceled on November 6, 2020. The common shares were
also transferred to Mr. Cohen on November 6, 2020, and as such, a change of control occurred on such date, with Mr. Cohen taking over
voting control of the Company, and serving between December 15, 2020 and October 19, 2021, as the sole officer and director of the Company.
The Company has subsequently appointed new directors and officers. 

As
a result of COVID-19 and stay-at-home and social distancing orders issued in McKinney and The Woodlands, Texas, we had
to close both of our then operational MedSpas, VISSIA McKinney and VISSIA Waterway, Inc., effective March 10, 2020. VISSIA Waterway,
Inc. reopened effective June 21, 2020 and VISSIA McKinney reopened effective August 8, 2020. Notwithstanding the re-openings, customer
traffic and demand at our VISSIA Waterway, Inc. and VISSIA McKinney MedSpa locations failed to rebound to pre-COVID-19 levels due to
COVID-19 and the pandemic s effects on the economy, and because we were unable to predict the length of the pandemic or ultimate
outcome thereof, and further due to our limited capital resources, effective on October 25, 2020, we made the decision to close both
our VISSIA Waterway, Inc. and VISSIA McKinney locations. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

On
September 17, 2019, the Company formed and organized Capitol City Solutions USA, Inc. CCS in the State of Texas to act
as a general contracting and construction company focused on the remodeling, general construction and interior finish of both the Company s
then MedSpa locations (which have since been closed) as well as to market to other commercial real estate projects within the United
States. The Company made the decision to cease any further construction-based operations under CCS in July 2021, in order to focus on
the subsidiaries that better aligned with the purpose of the Company and its ongoing business plan in the telehealth and wellness space. 

On
September 23, 2019, the Company formed and organized Legend Nutrition, Inc. Legend Nutrition in the State of Texas
to act as a new brand of retail vitamin and supplement stores to be branded and marketed as Legend Nutrition. October 18, 2019,
Legend entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement to acquire all of the assets associated with and related to a retail vitamin,
supplements and nutrition store located in McKinney, Texas and previously identified and doing business as Ideal
Nutrition. As Legend Nutrition s lease expired in January 2021, the Company made the decision to cease its operations
to focus on the subsidiaries that better aligned with the purpose of the Company and its ongoing business plan in the telehealth and
wellness space. 

On
May 15, 2020, the Company acquired a 51 interest in Life Guru, Inc., a Delaware corporation Life Guru ). Life Guru
owns www.LifeGuru.me a website dedicated to providing an online platform to connect consumers to a variety of mentors, professionals,
life coaches and career coaches. The Company ceased operations of Life Guru in October 2022 due to the lack of capital resources required
to operate the business. 

On April 28, 2020, the Company incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary, ZipDoctor, Inc. ZipDoctor in the state of Texas. ZipDoctor launched its online, direct-to-consumer subscription-based telemedicine platform www.ZipDoctor.co in
the third quarter of 2020. ZipDoctor provides its customers with unlimited, 24/7 access to board certified physicians and licensed mental
and behavioral health counselors and therapists via a newly developed, monthly subscription-based online telemedicine platform. ZipDoctor
customers subscribe through the website and are only required to pay a monthly fee, which is determined based on whether they are an individual,
a couple, or a family. Due to the lack of capital resources, the Company was unable to market ZipDoctor s services and in further
connection with a decision to pursue a direction in oil and gas, divested of ZipDoctor through a sale to Cosmos Health, Inc. in April
2023. 

On
January 24, 2022, the Company formed EPIQ Scripts, LLC EPIQ Scripts in the state of Texas. EPIQ Scripts has been
established with the intent of operating as a close-door online mail order pharmacy with a specific target and vision to obtain licenses
in all 50 states across the U.S. Due to the lack of capital resources, the Company was unable to continue to finance the operational
demands of Epiq Scripts and chose to pursue a direction in oil and gas. 

On
February 15, 2023, we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Cycle Exchange Agreement with Cycle Energy
Corp., a Texas corporation Cycle Energy ), and Marble Trital Inc., a New York corporation and sole shareholder
of Cycle Energy (the Cycle Shareholder ). The Cycle Shareholder is beneficially owned and controlled by Mr.
Michael McLaren, the Company s newly appointed Chief Executive Officer. 

Pursuant
to the Cycle Exchange Agreement, which closed on February 15, 2023 (the Closing Date ), the Cycle Shareholder
exchanged (the Cycle Exchange 100 of the ownership of Cycle Energy in consideration for 1,000,000 shares of
the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company (the New Series A Shares ). 

Management s
intent in entering into the 2023 Exchange Agreement was to develop a new business line while maintaining the Company s
existing operations. Management of the Company believes that by bringing Cycle Energy under the Company s umbrella, the
Company will be able to diversify its operations and build a portfolio of core assets that can be strategically leveraged in various
ways to accelerate the Company s overall growth. With the 2023 Exchange Agreement, there will come an expanded vision for the
Company. 

Cycle
Energy is a diversified energy company based in the state of Texas and has three subsidiaries, namely Cycle Oil and Gas Inc. Cycle Oil ), and Cycle Energy Services Cycle Services and Cycle Energy Technologies Cycle Technologies all of these are fully described in Current
Operations below. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Conditions
to closing the Cycle Exchange included that the Company must have entered into the Cohen Exchange Agreement (defined and discussed
below); terminated the employment agreement of Jacob D. Cohen, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company; entered into
a consulting agreement with Mr. Cohen; and entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Cohen, all of which occurred, as
discussed below. 

Additionally,
the Cycle Exchange Agreement required the Company to invite two persons to join its Board of Directors at the recommendation of the
Cycle Shareholder following the Closing Date, to fill the vacancies created by the resignation of two of the current members of the
Company s Board of Directors, which change in directors occurred. In addition, the Cycle Exchange Agreement required the
Company s then current officers to resign and new officers of the Company to be appointed at the direction of the Cycle
Shareholder in his capacity as the CEO of the Company. Each of which appointments and resignations were completed. 

On
March 9, 2023, the Company, Cycle Energy and the Cycle Shareholder, entered into an amendment to Cycle Share Exchange Agreement (the
 First Amendment ), which amended the Cycle Exchange Agreement to be effective February 15, 2023, instead of
December 31, 2022. 

Also
Further on February 15, 2023, and as a required condition to the closing of the Cycle Exchange Agreement, the Company and Jacob D.
Cohen, the then Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, entered into an agreement (the Cohen
Exchange Agreement ), pursuant to which, Mr. Cohen exchanged all 1,000,000 shares of the Series A
Preferred Stock of the Company which he held (the Cohen Series A Shares ), with the Company (which Cohen Series
A Shares were then cancelled, prior to being reissued to the Seller as New Series A Shares, as discussed above), for (a) all of the
issued and outstanding membership interests held by the Company in Epiq Scripts, LLC, a Texas limited liability company Epiq Scripts )(representing 51 of Epiq Scripts)(the Epiq Scripts Interests (b) all cash
payments paid to the Company in the future as a Royalty Payment (as defined in the Royalty Agreement (defined below)) pursuant to
that certain Royalty Agreement dated June 30, 2022, by and between Epiq MD, Inc. a Nevada corporation Epiq MD and the Company (the Royalty Agreement and the Royalty Payments (c) all proceeds that
the Company receives from any sale of the equity of ZipDoctor, Inc., a Texas corporation (the ZipDoctor
Consideration and (d) the rights to all debt owed to the Company from Epiq Scripts, in the amount of approximately
 850,000 (the Epiq Scripts Debt ). 

Pursuant
to the Cohen Exchange Agreement, the Company also agreed to pay all Royalty Payments to Mr. Cohen within five days of its receipt thereof
and that any amount of the Royalty Payments not paid when due will accrue interest at the rate of the lesser of (a) 18 per annum; and
(b) the highest rate allowable pursuant to law, until paid in full (as applicable, (a) or (b), the Default Rate ). 

The
Cohen Exchange Agreement has an effective date of February 15, 2023, and the transactions contemplated by the Cohen Exchange Agreement
closed on February 15, 2023. 

Further
to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Cycle Exchange Agreement and the Cohen Exchange Agreement, and effective on
the Closing Date, February 15, 2023, the Cycle Shareholder, through ownership of all 1,000 of the outstanding Series A Preferred
Stock shares, holds voting control over 60 of the Company s outstanding voting shares, resulting in a change of control of
the Company. Prior to the closing of the Cohen Exchange Agreement, Jacob D. Cohen held 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
which provided him with the voting control over 60 of the Company s outstanding voting shares. The shares of Series A
Preferred Stock held by the Cycle Shareholder are beneficially owned by Michael McLaren, its controlling shareholder owner and
officer. As a result, Mr. McLaren, as a result of his control of the Shareholder, obtained control over the Company upon the closing
of the transactions contemplated by the Cycle Exchange Agreement, as he obtained voting control over 60 of the Company s
outstanding voting stock due to his ownership of the New Series A Shares. 

Further,
and as a result of the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Cycle Exchange Agreement and the Cohen Exchange Agreement,
the Company has shifted its business to focus to the operation and management of current energy related entities and to further
identify oil and gas related opportunities for acquisition. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

General 

The
Company is an investor, developer and asset manager with diversified assets across the energy
supply chain. The Company s portfolio includes Cycle Energy that currently owns and operates three vertically integrated businesses Cycle Oil, Cycle Services and Cycle Technologies. 

Business Strategy 

The Company seeks opportunities to acquire and grow businesses that possess strong brand values and that
can generate long-term sustainable free cash flow and attractive returns in order to maximize value for all stakeholders. 

The
Company intends to continue to grow its business both organically and through identifying acquisition targets over the next 12 months
in the overall energy and oil and gas industry, funding permitting. As these opportunities arise, the Company will determine the best
method for financing its growth which may include the issuance of additional debt instruments, common stock, preferred stock, or a combination
thereof, any one or more of which may cause significant dilution to existing shareholders. The
Company requires approximately 5 million to implement its current business strategy for its different subsidiaries and to support potential
growth. We expect to raise funds in the future through the sale of debt and/or equity in order to allow us to operate for the
next twelve months, and may need to raise further additional capital in order to expedite our growth through acquisitions, none of which
are currently planned. There is no assurance that we will be successful in raising such funds and if we do raise funds, this may result
in substantial dilution to current investors. 

CURRENT
OPERATIONS 

Business
of the smaller reporting company. 

Cycle
Energy operates from a property in Electra, Texas which the company owns. The property is 3.14 acers with a 1500 square foot shop. The
company intends to raise equity to expand the property to a 10,000 square foot clear span building which has 3 bays capable of housing
Cycle Energy service rigs and support equipment. 

Description
on Cycle Energy s wholly owned subsidiaries 

Cycle
Oil focuses on acquiring and optimizing underdeveloped oil and gas assets. It employs both internally developed and third party-licensed
technologies to increase production, optimize performance and reduce costs. 

Current
production of Cycle Oil fluctuates between 17 and 30 bpd depending on uptime of certain wells from 16 leases on approximately 2,000 acers.
In July 2022, it acquired Triple S Gas Ray Loveless Enterprises in Wichita Wilbarger counties for a combined
purchase price of US 1,145,000. Cycle Oil has an extensive catalog of workover candidates with over 125 shallow vertical wells producing
from the Gunsite Cisco sand formations and wells range from 300 to 2000 deep allowing for quick inexpensive
workovers. 

Cycle
Oil holds deeper rights on multiple leases and has hired a seasoned geologist in the area to help identify drilling targets such as the
K.M.A, Ellenberger and Lower Gunsite. Having access to our own field and environmental equipment as well as enhancement and optimization
technologies, gives us a strong advantage over traditional oil and gas players who have to hire field or abandonment services at a substantial
premiums to the basic cost model. Given the company s low operations cost, Cycle Oil is also able to take on distressed assets
that larger companies may feel are not worth the work . 

Cycle
Oil has a marketing contract with Oklahoma Petroleum Allies LLC. OPA buys and trucks our product at WTI + Argus 5.50 this includes
the cost of trucking. CIT plans to expand TRRC (Texas Railroad Commission) bond to 250,000 for unlimited licenses and has identified
several underdeveloped candidates ranging from 100-500,000 in purchase price. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Cycle
Oil intends to raise both debt and equity capital and to acquire 1-2 undeveloped candidates per year within the following Texas counties
subject to available capital and business health. 

Wichita 

Wilbarger 

Baylor 

Young 

Archer 

Throckmorton 

Stephens 

It
also intends, subject to funding, to drill a minimum of 5 shallow wells on its Hodges lease which it holds an 87.5 NRI. New drill IP
rates expected between 40-50BPD per well. 

Cycle
holds 16 oil and gas leases with a range 69 to 7.5 average NRI of 79 on existing properties. 

Cycle
Services supports Cycle Energy s overall exploration and production efforts with well services and end
of life reclamation. Cycle Services owns and operates a combination of customized service-wireline rigs and HydroVac units. This
cutting-edge equipment allows for faster rig in and rig out times. Overall, Cycle Services equipment and
experience combination reduces the amount of time and fuel burned to complete an abandonment or workover. 

Cycle
Services is innovating a new approach to assist companies with being able to enhance production from existing wells or abandon wells
with greater efficiency and lower cost. We pride ourselves on NOT charging by the hour for our services but provide a preferred
 flat rate for the job at hand. This enables predictable cost budgeting for work over projects. 

Our
Innovator Rigs are a combo wireline/service rig, and capable of the following 

Able
 to pull up to (3000m of 2 3/8 tubing), as well as pull pump, rods and other downhole equipment. 

Has
 on board full E line capabilities for plug sets, well logging, cement bond logs, noise/temp logs, perforating and plasma pulse re-frac
 stimulation services. 

Has
 full Slick-line capabilities for plunger sets/pulls, tubing punches, fishing, tubing plug sets and more. 

Has
 full swabbing capacity to pull 4500lb (2.0m3) load, and work under pressure to 3500+ kpa 

Is
 ideal for abandonments as we are able to pull pumps, rods, and tubing from a well. Set plug, pressure test, dump bail cement and
 log cement tops, perform noise temp logs for casing vent leaks. Great for remedial cement work. 

Is
 a stand-alone unit which is also capable of lifting and resetting well head shacks and or moving concrete barrier blocks without
 the need for 3 rd party picker truck services to help reduce costs. 

Our
modified HydroVac truck has additional capabilities over traditional vac units. 

Able
 to swab back to the large capacity pressure tank and use it like a test vessel. 

Has
 real time pressure monitoring and control of the tank pressure from the control cab of the innovator rig. 

Can
 reduce well bore pressure to -30 psi vacuum to momentarily enhance inflow to help clean up near well bore fluid saturation. This
 is especially good for CBM wells. 

Able
 to use vacuum when rigging out to prevent leaks and spills of well bore fluids around the work area. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Has
 the capability to clean or thaw with hot clean water and high-pressure wash equipment. This is useful for thawing valves and well
 heads or thawing around a building in order to lift it. No need for 3 rd party steamers 

Able
 to offload into production tanks if desired as all fluids are filtered to capture solids prior to going through our high-volume fluid
 transfer pump. 

Able
 to pressure test well bore and chart the pressure test results for positive verification of good pressure test performed on abandonment
 plugs or production packers. 

Has
 ultra-high-pressure capabilities to water jet cut off well heads, pilings, flow lines as well as abandon, cut and plug pipelines. 

Cycle
Energy Services has a full range of cased hole services and can enter into 3 rd party tool supplier arrangements to fill
any additional requirements. Our services include: 

Routine
 Abandonment services 

Gauge
 Ring, setting services, dump bailer, perforating for cement squeeze. 

Non-routine
 Abandonment Services Surface Casing Vent Flow 

Noise-temp
 and Spectral Noise HD temp 

Quantum
 Petrophysics Through-Casing Formation Evaluation 

Cement
 Bond Radial Bond Tool (RBL) and Segmented Bond Tool (SBT) 

Conventional
 and Tubing Perforating 

Pipe
 recovery and cutting services 

Casing
 Evaluation Tools 

Multi-finger
 Caliper 

Corrosion
 inspection 

Production
 Logging 

Cycle
Technologies provides both R D and existing technology to enable increased production in the field. Cycle Energy s
flagship intellectual property is its mobile Gas to Liquid system. This is used to convert natural gas and other gaseous hydrocarbons
into longer-chain hydrocarbons, such as gasoline or diesel fuel. 

Additionally,
Cycle Energy Technologies has 5 major products under development with an eye to eventually market or license the technologies being developed.,
as follows: 

Syngas
 Production: The NT Plasmatron converts any hydrocarbon feedstock into syngas, which is a combination of hydrogen (H2) and Carbon
 Monoxide (CO). Viable feedstocks include municipal solid waste (MSW), coal, natural gas, tires, sewage, animal waste and agricultural
 waste. 

Electricity
 Production: 

The
 SteamRay high-efficiency rotary engine converts either steam or syngas into electricity. 

The
 Hydrokinetics Propeller converts river or offshore water flows into hydraulic pressure. 

The
 Small Energy Generating System (SEGS) converts that hydraulic pressure into electricity. 

Liquid
 Fuel Production: The MultiFuel Gas-to-Liquid Reactor converts syngas into either Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel (ULSD) or an approximate
 40/35/25 blend of ULSD, gasoline, and JP8 jet fuel are commercial products with substantial worldwide demand. 

Cycle
 Energy Technologies Hydrogen Generating system for producing 99.999 pure hydrogen wherever and whenever it is needed is
 a technological breakthrough. This low cost, environmentally friendly fuel source could transform the industrial economies and the
 developing world. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Cycle s
 production method solves the problems currently associated with hydrogen production: cost, distribution and purity. This breakthrough
 will enable high quality hydrogen to be produced cheaply, on demand and using low heat combustion. Because the production method
 is scalable, Amazonica technology could enable centralized production on an industrial scale. 

On
February 23 rd , 2023, as part of a settlement package with Mr. McLaren, McLaren acquired the technologies of Xfuels and its
predecessors. A settlement agreement for 1,674,096.07 was executed and Mr. McLaren simultaneously sold those assets to Cycle Energy
Technologies via Cycle Energy Corp. for a convertible note of the same value bearing 7 interest per annum and a conversion rate of 50 
discount on the previous 5 day average closing. 

Products 

Hydrogen
Generator 

Xfuels
Inc., formerly Amazonica, Corp. filed a provisional patent application number 61970600 for
our Ultra-Pure Hydrogen Generating Device . On March 28, 2014, the Company filed application number 61972088 for our Ultra-Pure
Hydrogen Generating Device Using Combustion of A Mixture Of Ethanol And Gasoline . Both patents are provisional. The patent applications
were based on ongoing research and development work from the Company s team of scientists, led by Dr. Gennadiy Petrovich Glazunov,
a world-renowned scientist at the Institute of Plasma Physics of the National Science Center of the National Academy of Science, located
within the Kharkov Institute of Physics and Technology in the Ukraine. 

The
main objective of the invention is to improve the method of generating ultra-pure hydrogen while both enhancing its productivity and
reducing environmental impact associated with the ultra-pure hydrogen production. This particular methodology is capable of producing
ultra-pure hydrogen at productivity level previously unachievable. It is a known fact that environmental impact is lower if in the combustion
the mixture of gasoline and ethanol is used instead of gasoline alone. However, it was not previously known that the incorporation of
ethanol in gasoline yields improvements in pure hydrogen production. According to experimental results disclosed in the filed patent
application, the present use of ethanol/gasoline mixture offers not only reduced environmental impact, but also enhances productivity
of hydrogen generation by 25-50 . On April 29, 2015, the Company also applied for a provisional patent for Pure Hydrogen Accumulating
and Compressing Device as they work on the Project had shown to be fruitful in other regards, not yet contemplated. 

The
abstract of our filing for the Ultra-Pure Hydrogen Generating Device describes the patent as follows: 

A
device for generating ultra-pure hydrogen comprising a substantially cylindrical palladium tube having a first end and a second end,
wherein the first end is hermetically sealed with a jointing technique; a collection end; a valve disposed within a hydrogen 5 conductor
having two ends, wherein the second end of the palladium tube is hermetically sealed to one end of the hydrogen conductor and the collecting
end is connected to the other end of the hydrogen conductor; and a screen opposingly disposed from the flame source and about the substantially
cylindrical diffusion-catalytic membrane, the central axis of the screen is disposed substantially parallelly with the 10 central axis
of the substantially cylindrical diffusion-catalytic membrane at a distance of about 4 cm. 

The
abstract of our filing for the Ultra-Pure Hydrogen Generating Device Using Combustion of A Mixture Of Ethanol And Gasoline describes
the patent as follows: 

10 

 Table of Contents 

A
method for generating ultra-pure hydrogen comprising: (a) providing a substantially cylindrical palladium tube having a first end and
a second end, wherein the first end is hermetically sealed with a jointing technique, a collection end, and a valve disposed within a
hydrogen conductor having two ends, wherein the second end 5 of the palladium tube is hermetically sealed to one end of the hydrogen
conductor and the collection end is connected to the other end of the hydrogen conductor; (b) supplying a combustion of a fuel comprising
gasoline and ethanol of a concentration, wherein the concentration is a percentage by volume of ethanol within a mixture of ethanol and
gasoline; and (c) 10 heating said diffusion-catalytic membrane with said combustion to about 700-800 C. In a preferred embodiment,
the concentration ranges from about 2.5 to 10 . 

We
are currently in discussions with potential joint venture partners in regard to licensing our technology or developing a use specific
product for use in oil and gas energy production. 

Szego
mill 

The
Szego Grinding Mill is characterized by low energy consumption and a high specific capacity, typically forty times larger than for tumbling
mills (expressed in metric tons/h, m 3 of mill volume). 

The
mill is suitable for both wet and dry grinding. Wet, it can handle all consistencies from thin suspensions to thick pastes. Dry,
it can be air swept. Wide mill speed variability and independently con- trolled feed rates provide un- precedented grinding flexibility,
useful in dealing with tough-to-grind materials. Size reduction from 6 mm (1/4 down to the ultra-fine (10 microns) range is readily
attainable. Grinding can be combined with mixing, leaching, beneficiation, chemical reactions and other processes, in open or closed
circuits. Yet, the capital investment for a Szego mill is a mere fraction of that of conventional grinding equipment of comparable capacity. 

Proven
applications include carbonaceous materials, such as coal, coke and graphite; industrial minerals and technical ceramics, ranging from
limestone to lead zirconates; fibrous materials such as cellulose, wood chips and hog fuel; chemicals, food, plastics and metal powders 

CET
offers in-house test facilities for sub-sieve size analysis, iron contamination, ash analysis and rheological studies. Pilot plant test
includes our unique coal and graphite cleaning as well as beneficiation and agglomeration techniques. 

On
November 17 th , 2017, Converde Energy Inc. a subsidiary or Xfuels Inc. was awarded Patent #9809774 B2 Method Of Separating
Solids Using Bio-Oils. The company acquired the patent as a result of Mr. McLarens settlement agreement with Xfuels Inc. 

The
technology has a wide range of applications not limited to clean coal processing. Other applications include biomass processing for alcohol
production, non-hazardous food oil processing from seed hexane is the solvent of choice most oil extraction processes, and hexane is
a poisonous solvent. Cycles process can utilize ethyl alcohols as the primary solvent due to the efficiency of the simultaneous grinding
and extraction techniques. This makes the process more environmentally friendly as well as residual toxic contaminants are no longer
an issue. 

We
also undertake contract research in powder technology and welcome all applications in various grinding applications. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

DISCONTINUED
OPERATIONS: 

MEDICAL
SPA AND WELLNESS 

The
Company previously operated three wholly-owned subsidiaries that were in the Medical Spa and Wellness Sector (collectively hereinafter
referred to as MedSpa , or VISSIA ), the operations of which were discontinued in October 2020: 

1. 
 VISSIA
 MCKINNEY, LLC (F/K/A NOVOPELLE DIAMOND, LLC) 100 OWNED 

VISSIA
McKinney was a physician supervised, medical spa and wellness clinic that offered a full menu of wellness services including anti-aging,
weight loss and skin rejuvenation treatments and was located at 5000 Collin McKinney Parkway, Suite 150, McKinney, Texas 75070. 

2. 
 VISSIA
 WATERWAY, INC. (F/K/A NOVOPELLE WATERWAY, INC.) 100 OWNED 

VISSIA
McKinney was a physician supervised, medical spa and wellness clinic that offered a full menu of wellness services including anti-aging,
weight loss and skin rejuvenation treatments and was located at 25 Waterway, Suite 150, The Woodlands, Texas. 

3. 
 NOVOPELLE
 TYLER, INC. 100 OWNED 

On
December 3, 2019, the Company formed and organized Novopelle Tyler, Inc. in the State of Texas with the plan to come to terms on a retail
location for a new med spa to be located in Tyler, Texas. The Company no longer intends to open this location and no activity has been
performed under this entity to date. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

As
a result of COVID-19 and stay-at-home and social distancing orders issued in McKinney and The Woodlands, Texas, we had
to close both of our then operational MedSpas, VISSIA McKinney and VISSIA Waterway, Inc., effective March 10, 2020, and which resulted
in both the loss of income and the loss of substantially all of our MedSpa employees, who had to be let go. VISSIA Waterway, Inc. reopened
effective June 21, 2020 and VISSIA McKinney reopened effective August 8, 2020. However, due to the termination of employees associated
with the shutdown we were forced to expend resources to attract, hire and train completely new staff for preparation of the re-launchings.
Notwithstanding the re-openings, customer traffic and demand at our VISSIA Waterway, Inc. and VISSIA McKinney MedSpa locations failed
to rebound to pre-COVID-19 levels due to COVID-19 and the pandemic s effects on the economy, and because we were unable to predict
the length of the pandemic or ultimate outcome thereof, and further due to our limited capital resources, effective on October 25, 2020,
we made the decision to close both our VISSIA Waterway, Inc. and VISSIA McKinney locations. Our former MedSpa operations and assets are
included under discontinued operations in the statement of operations and balance sheet included herein for the year ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectfully. 

4. 
 CAPITOL
 CITY SOLUTIONS, USA, INC. 100 OWNED 

On
September 17, 2019, the Company formed and organized Capitol City Solutions USA, Inc. CCS in the State of Texas
to act as a general contracting and construction company focused on the remodeling, general construction and interior finish of both
the Company s then MedSpa locations (which have since been closed) as well as to market to other commercial real estate projects
within the United States. The Company made the decision to cease any further construction-based operations under CCS in July 2021, in
order to focus on the subsidiaries that better aligned with the purpose of the Company and its ongoing business plan in the telehealth
and wellness space. 

5. 
 LEGEND
 NUTRITION, INC. 100 OWNED 

On
September 23, 2019, the Company formed and organized Legend Nutrition, Inc. Legend Nutrition in the State of Texas
to act as a new brand of retail vitamin and supplement stores to be branded and marketed as Legend Nutrition. October 18, 2019, Legend
entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement to acquire all of the assets associated with and related to a retail vitamin, supplements and
nutrition store located in McKinney, Texas and previously identified and doing business as Ideal Nutrition. Pursuant
to the Asset Purchase Agreement, Legend purchased a variety of assets including software, contracts, bank and merchant accounts, products,
inventory, computers, security systems and other intellectual properties. As Legend Nutrition s lease expired in January 2021,
the Company made the decision to cease its operations to focus on the subsidiaries that better aligned with the purpose of the Company
and its ongoing business plan in the telehealth and wellness space. 

6. 
 LIFE GURU, INC. 51 OWNED 

On
May 15, 2020, the Company acquired a 51 interest in Life Guru, Inc., a Delaware corporation Life Guru ). Life Guru
owns www.LifeGuru.me a website dedicated to providing an online platform to connect consumers to a variety of mentors, professionals,
life coaches and career coaches. The Company ceased operations of Life Guru in October 2022 due to the lack of capital resources required
to operate the business. 

Recent
Restructuring Events 

Mangoceuticals
Sale 

On
June 16, 2022, Company entered and closed the transactions contemplated by a Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA ),
with Cohen Enterprises, Inc. Cohen Enterprises ), which entity is owned and controlled by Jacob D. Cohen, the then
Chief Executive Officer and President and then and current member of the Board of Directors of the Company. Pursuant to the SPA, which
was approved by the Board of Directors (with Mr. Cohen abstaining) and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, the Company sold
8,000,000 shares of the outstanding common stock of Mangoceuticals, which represented 80 of the then outstanding shares of common stock
of Mangoceuticals, to Cohen Enterprises in consideration for 90,000, which was approximately the same amount that had been advanced
to Mangoceuticals from the Company through the date of the SPA 89,200). Cohen Enterprises also acquired the right to be repaid the
 90,000 advanced from the Company to Mangoceuticals, from Mangoceuticals, pursuant to the terms of the SPA. As a result of the closing
of the SPA, Cohen Enterprises owned 90 of Mangoceuticals (with the remaining 10 of Mangoceuticals being owned by an unrelated third
party), and the Company has completely divested its interest in Mangoceuticals. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

EPIQ
MD Sale 

On
July 7, 2022, we entered into a June 30, 2022 Equity Interest Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), with
Alejandro Rodriguez and Pan-American Communications Services, S.A. (collectively, the Buyers and our then wholly-owned
subsidiary, EPIQ MD, Inc., a Nevada corporation EPIQ MD ). 

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company sold 5,000,000 shares of common stock of EPIQ MD (the Purchased Shares ),
representing 100 of the then outstanding common stock of EPIQ MD, to the Buyers for an aggregate of 300,000, consisting of 150,000
of cash paid at closing and a 150,000 secured promissory note entered into on June 30, 2022 (the Note ). The Purchase
Agreement includes customary representations and warranties of the parties, confidentiality obligations of the parties, covenants, closing
conditions and indemnification obligations of the parties, subject to certain deductibles. The
Company s aggregate indemnification obligations under the Purchase Agreement are subject to a twelve-month limitation period, a
 300,000 liability cap, and a 5,000 deductible, subject in each case to certain exclusions, and the Buyers have the right to offset
any indemnification obligation not timely paid by the Company against the payments due pursuant to the Note and the Royalty Agreement
(as discussed below). 

The
transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement closed on July 7, 2022 and effective as of June 30, 2022. 

As
additional consideration for the sale of the Purchased Shares, the Company and EPIQ MD also entered into a Royalty Agreement dated June
30, 2022 and entered into on July 7, 2022 (the Royalty Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company is entitled to
receive a 2.50 royalty interest, calculated and payable on a quarterly basis, on the gross revenues of EPIQ MD s telehealth business,
beginning on January 1, 2023 and continuing until the earliest to occur of (i) the Company s receipt of 900,000 in aggregate royalty
payments, (ii) EPIQ MD s exercise of a right of first refusal to buy out the Company s royalty interest for 900,000 (or
another mutually agreed amount) following the Company s receipt of a bona fide third-party offer to purchase the Company s
royalty interest, and (iii) December 31, 2026. The Royalty Agreement also provides for EPIQ MD to have a right of first refusal to purchase
the Company s rights under the Royalty Agreement, in the event the Company chooses to sell such rights in the future. 

The
Note had a maturity date of September 30, 2022, and bears no interest unless an event of default occurs. Upon the occurrence of an event
of default, the Note bears interest at a default rate of 18 per annum until paid in full. The Note was paid in full on September 29,
2022. 

In
connection with the Company s divestment of its interest in EPIQ MD, each of Mr. Rodriguez, and Mr. Verdie Bowen (the CEO and COO,
respectively, of EPIQ MD), and certain other employees of the Company, executed separate release and termination agreements with the
Company (the Releases ). Pursuant to the Releases, each of Mr. Rodriguez, and Mr. Bowen terminated their respective
Executive Employment Agreements with the Company dated as of January 21, 2021, without any severance or continuing obligations of the
Company. Each release and termination agreement contains a mutual release of claims and mutual non-disparagement covenants. The Company
agreed that all shares of Company common stock issued to each such releasing party which was previously subject to forfeiture would be
deemed fully-earned upon the entry into such Releases. As a result, an aggregate of 83,334 shares of common stock previously subject
to forfeiture became fully-vested. 

Other
than the 40,000 paid to Mr. Cohen at the time of the termination of the Employment Agreement, no material early termination penalties
were incurred by the Company. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

Cycle
Energy Transactions 

On
February 15, 2023, we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement with Cycle Energy Corp.,
a Texas corporation Cycle Energy ), and Marble Trital Inc., the sole shareholder of Cycle Energy (the Shareholder ).
The Shareholder is beneficially owned and controlled by Mr. Michael McLaren, the Company s newly appointed Chief Executive Officer. 

Pursuant
to the Exchange Agreement, which closed on February 15, 2023 (the Closing Date ), the Shareholder exchanged (the
 Exchange 100 of the ownership of Cycle Energy in consideration for 1,000,000 shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock of the Company (the New Series A Shares ). 

Management s
intent in entering into the Exchange Agreement was to develop a new business line while maintaining the Company s existing operations.
Management of the Company believes that by bringing Cycle Energy under the Company s umbrella, the Company will be able to diversify
its operations and build a portfolio of core assets that can be strategically leveraged in various ways to accelerate the Company s
overall growth. With the Exchange Agreement, there will come an expanded vision for the Company. 

Cycle
Energy is a diversified energy company based in the state of Texas. 

Conditions
to closing the Exchange included that the Company must have entered into the Cohen Exchange Agreement (defined and discussed below);
terminated the employment agreement of Jacob D. Cohen, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company; entered into a consulting
agreement with Mr. Cohen; and entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Cohen, all of which occurred, as discussed below. 

Additionally,
the Exchange Agreement required the Company to invite two persons to join its Board of Directors at the recommendation of the Shareholder
following the Closing Date, to fill the vacancies created by the resignation of two of the current members of the Company s Board
of Directors, which change in directors occurred. In addition, the Exchange Agreement required the Company s then current officers
to resign and new officers of the Company to be appointed at the direction of the Shareholder. Each of which appointments and resignations
were completed. 

On
March 9, 2023, and effective on February 15, 2023, the date of the Exchange Agreement, the Company, Cycle Energy and the Shareholder,
entered into a First Amendment to Share Exchange Agreement (the First Amendment ), which amended the Exchange Agreement
to be effective February 15, 2023, instead of December 31, 2022. 

Also
on February 15, 2023, and as a required condition to the closing of the Exchange Agreement, the Company and Jacob D. Cohen, the then
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, entered into an Exchange Agreement (the Cohen Exchange Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Cohen Exchange Agreement, Mr. Cohen exchanged all 1,000,000 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company which
he held (the Cohen Series A Shares ), with the Company (which Cohen Series A Shares were then cancelled, prior to
being reissued to the Seller as New Series A Shares, as discussed above), for (a) all of the issued and outstanding membership interests
held by the Company in Epiq Scripts, LLC, a Texas limited liability company Epiq Scripts )(representing 51 of Epiq
Scripts)(the Epiq Scripts Interests (b) all cash payments paid to the Company in the future as a Royalty Payment
(as defined in the Royalty Agreement (defined below)) pursuant to that certain Royalty Agreement dated June 30, 2022, by and between
Epiq MD, Inc. a Nevada corporation Epiq MD and the Company (the Royalty Agreement and the
 Royalty Payments (c) all proceeds that the Company receives from any sale of the equity of ZipDoctor, Inc., a
Texas corporation (the Zipdoctor Consideration ), which entity was subsequently sold effective in April 2023 (as
discussed below); and (d) the rights to all debt owed to the Company from Epiq Scripts, in the amount of approximately 850,000 (the
 Epiq Scripts Debt ). 

Pursuant
to the Cohen Exchange Agreement, the Company also agreed to pay all Royalty Payments to Mr. Cohen within five days of its receipt thereof
and that any amount of the Royalty Payments not paid when due will accrue interest at the rate of the lesser of (a) 18 per annum; and
(b) the highest rate allowable pursuant to law, until paid in full (as applicable, (a) or (b), the Default Rate ). 

15 

 Table of Contents 

The
Cohen Exchange Agreement has an effective date of February 15, 2023, and the transactions contemplated by the Cohen Exchange Agreement
closed on February 15, 2023. 

As
a result of the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement and the Cohen Exchange Agreement, and effective on
the Closing Date, February 15, 2023, the Shareholder, through ownership of all 1,000 of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock shares,
holds voting control over 60 of the Company s outstanding voting shares, resulting in a change of control of the Company. Prior
to the closing of the Cohen Exchange Agreement, Jacob D. Cohen held 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, which provided him voting
control over 60 of the Company s outstanding voting shares. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by the Shareholder are
beneficially owned by Michael McLaren, its controlling shareholder owner and officer. As a result, Mr. McLaren, as a result of his control
of the Shareholder, obtained control over the Company upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement, as
he obtained voting control over 60 of the Company s outstanding voting stock due to his ownership of the New Series A Shares. 

On
February 15, 2023, we and Cycle Energy entered into a Consulting Agreement with Cohen Enterprises, Inc., which is owned by Mr. Cohen Cohen Enterprises ). Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, Cohen Enterprises agreed to provide consulting and general
business advisory services as reasonably requested by the Company during the term of the agreement, which was for six months, unless
otherwise earlier terminated due to breach of the agreement by either party, and the failure to cure such breach 30 days after written
notice thereof. In consideration for agreeing to provide the services under the agreement, the Company agreed to pay 12,500 per month.
The agreement contains customary confidentiality, non-solicitation provisions and Company indemnification obligations and further limits
Cohen Enterprise s liability under the agreement to 50,000, except for damages due to fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

Effective
on February 15, 2023, Jacob D. Cohen terminated his Employment Agreement with the Company dated January 12, 2022, in connection with
his resignation as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and in consideration for 40,000. 

ZipDoctor
Sale 

On
March 17, 2023, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Cosmos Health Inc. Cosmos and the SPA ).
Pursuant to the SPA, the Company agreed to sell Cosmos 100 of the outstanding shares of common stock of ZipDoctor, Inc., for 150,000.
The transactions contemplated by the SPA closed on April 3, 2023. The SPA contained representations and warranties of the parties customary
for a transaction of the size and type of the SPA and includes various indemnification obligations of the parties. 

Approval
for Increase in Authorized Shares, Name Change and Reverse Stock Split 

Effective
on May 10, 2023, Marble Trital Inc., which entity is beneficially owned by Mr. Michael McLaren, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman,
due to his ownership of 100 of Marble Trital Inc. and his position as Chief Executive Officer thereof, the holder of 1,000,000 shares
of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock, representing 292,500,000 voting shares as of such date or 60.0 of the 487,500,000 total
voting shares as of such date (the Majority Shareholder ), executed a written consent in lieu of a special meeting
of shareholders (the Majority Shareholder Consent ), approving the following matters, which had previously been approved
by the Board of directors of the Company on April 19, 2023, and had recommended that such matters be presented to the Majority Shareholder
for its approval on the same date: 

the
 approval of the filing of a Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to affect a name change of
 the Company from American International Holdings Corp. to Cycle Energy Corp. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

the
 filing of a Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to increase the Company s authorized
 number of shares of Common Stock from 195 million shares to one billion 995 million shares; and 

the
 grant of discretionary authority for our Board of Directors, without further shareholder approval, to effect a reverse stock split
 of all of the outstanding common stock of the Company, by the filing of an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary
 of State of Nevada, in a ratio of between 1-for-10 and 1-for-1,000, with the Company s Board of Directors having the discretion
 as to whether or not the reverse split is to be effected, and with the exact exchange ratio of any reverse split to be set at a whole
 number within the above range as determined by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, at any time before April 19, 2024. 

In
accordance with Rule 14c-2 of the Exchange Act, the corporate actions will be effective no earlier than forty (40) days after the date
notice of the internet availability of the Information Statement describing the above is first sent to shareholders, which we expect
to be on or approximately June 24, 2023. 

Government
Regulation 

The
health care industry is subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to licensure, conduct of operations,
ownership of facilities, addition of facilities and services, payment for services and prices for services that are extremely complex
and for which, in many instances, the industry does not have the benefit of significant regulatory or judicial interpretation. We will
also be subject to regulation regarding sale of our products online and solicitation of clients thereby, as well as through our general
contractor business and the licensing and code requirements relating thereto. 

COVID-19
Outlook and Discontinued Operations 

The
outbreak of the 2019 novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 ), which was declared a global pandemic by the World Health
Organization on March 11, 2020, and the related responses by public health and governmental authorities to contain and combat its outbreak
and spread has severely impacted the U.S. and world economies, the market for health spa services, nutrition supplements and our other
business offerings during the end of the first quarter of 2020, and continuing through the end of 2020 and into 2021. Government mandated
 stay-at-home and similar orders have to date, and may in the future, prevent us from operating. In late 2020, we made the
decision to discontinue operations of our VISSIA Waterway, Inc. and VISSIA McKinney MedSpa locations, due to declines in customers and
issues staffing such facilities, each as a result of the pandemic. Additionally, our Legend Nutrition store saw a deep decline in sales
due to social distancing orders and decreases in customers who are willing to venture out to brick-and-mortar establishments. Legend
Nutrition s lease was up January 31, 2021, and the Company chose to not renew the lease, closed the store, and will not continue
in this line of business moving forward. We also decided to cease offering construction services around July 2021. 

During
the period through December 31, 2022, our operations were limited, and consisted solely of ZipDoctor, Inc., Life Guru, Inc., and EPIQ
Scripts, LLC. Since the acquisition of Cycle Energy, our operations have changed to those of Cycle Energy. 

Moving
forward, economic recessions, including those brought on by the continued COVID-19 outbreak, geopolitical events, including the current
military conflict between Russia and the Ukraine, inflationary pressures, or other events, may have a negative effect on the demand for
our services and our operating results. Any prolonged disruption to our operations or work force available is likely to have a significant
adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and ability to meet continuing debt service requirements. All of the above may
be exacerbated in the future as the COVID-19 outbreak and the governmental responses thereto continues. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Employees 

As
of the date of this Report, we have one full-time employee. Our compensation programs are designed to align the compensation of our employees
with performance and to provide the proper incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees to achieve superior results. The structure
of our compensation programs balances incentives earnings for both short-term and long-term performance such as incentive bonuses and
flexible schedules. The Company believes that its rich culture of inclusion and diversity enables it to create, develop and fully leverage
the strength of its workforce to exceed customer expectation and meet its growth objectives. The Company places a high value on diversity
and inclusion. We also utilize numerous outside consultants. Our future success will depend partially on our ability to attract, retain
and motivate qualified personnel. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements and have not experienced any strikes or
work stoppages. We consider our relations with our employees to be satisfactory. 

Government
Regulation Health Care 

The
health care industry is subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to licensure, conduct of operations,
ownership of facilities, addition of facilities and services, payment for services and prices for services that are extremely complex
and for which, in many instances, the industry does not have the benefit of significant regulatory or judicial interpretation. We will
also be subject to regulation regarding sale of our products online and solicitation of clients thereby, as well as through our general
contractor business and the licensing and code requirements relating thereto. 

Government
Regulation Oil and Gas 

Regulation
of the Oil and Gas Industry 

Our
businesses are subject to numerous laws and regulations, including those related to oil and gas exploration and production and to the
protection of health, environment and safety. New laws have been enacted or are otherwise being considered and regulations are being
adopted by various regulatory agencies on a continuing basis. The costs of compliance with these new laws and regulations cannot be broadly
appraised until their implementation becomes more defined. However, the current federal administration has begun implementing policies
to increase regulation of oil and gas activity with the express purpose of transitioning the economy to lower-carbon sources of energy
consistent with the administration s focus on climate change. This administration s climate policies have been wide-ranging
and have included both legislative and executive branch action to address climate change and provide incentives to accelerate development
of renewable resources. 

The
current administration has issued a number of executive and temporary orders and policy changes that address broad ranging issues including
climate change, oil and gas activities on federal lands, infrastructure and environmental justice. These actions have been followed by
a number of related regulatory proposals that are in various stages of the rulemaking process including: more stringent and potentially
overlapping regulations of emissions from oil and gas activities, expected further expansion of the definition of Waters of the U.S.,
increased barriers to access to federal lands for oil and gas development, increased protection for endangered species, more stringent
permitting requirements for oil and gas facilities, additional disclosures for climate change risks and implementing regulations for
provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. 

We
expect these regulatory changes, if finalized, may increase our administrative costs and affect the issuance of permits and/or agency
approvals. If permits and approvals are not issued, or if unfavorable restrictions or conditions are imposed on our drilling activities
due to these orders or policy changes, we may not be able to conduct our operations as planned. At this time, we do not expect that the
proposed or anticipated rulemakings will affect our operations materially differently than they would affect other companies with similar
operations, size and financial strength. However, the finalized versions of the proposed rules or new rules could have a material adverse
impact on our business individually or collectively, depending on the final terms and timing of implementation. 

All
of our oil and gas operations are substantially affected by federal, state and local laws and regulations. Failure to comply with applicable
laws and regulations can result in substantial penalties. The regulatory burden on the industry increases the cost of doing business
and affects profitability. Historically, our compliance costs have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations; however,
we are unable to predict the future costs or impact of compliance. 

Additional
proposals and proceedings that affect the oil and natural gas industry are regularly considered by Congress, the states, the Federal
Energy Regulatory Commission (the FERC and the courts, and, the State level. We cannot predict when or whether
any such proposals may become effective. We do not believe that we would be affected by any such action materially differently than similarly
situated competitors. 

Regulation
Affecting Production 

The
production of oil and natural gas is subject to United States federal and state laws and regulations, and orders of regulatory bodies
under those laws and regulations, governing a wide variety of matters. All of the jurisdictions in which we own or operate producing
oil and natural gas properties have statutory provisions regulating the exploration for and production of oil and natural gas, including
provisions related to permits for the drilling of wells, bonding requirements to drill or operate wells, the location of wells, the method
of drilling and casing wells, the surface use and restoration of properties upon which wells are drilled, sourcing and disposal of water
used in the drilling and completion process, and the abandonment of wells. Our operations are also subject to various conservation laws
and regulations. These include the regulation of the size of drilling and spacing units or proration units, the number of wells which
may be drilled in an area, and the unitization or pooling of oil or natural gas wells, as well as regulations that generally prohibit
the venting or flaring of natural gas, and impose certain requirements regarding the ratability or fair apportionment of production from
fields and individual wells. These laws and regulations may limit the amount of oil and gas wells we can drill. Moreover, each state
generally imposes a production or severance tax with respect to the production and sale of oil, natural gas liquids (NGL)and gas within
its jurisdiction. 

States
do not regulate wellhead prices or engage in other similar direct regulation, but there can be no assurance that they will not do so
in the future. The effect of such future regulations may be to limit the amounts of oil and gas that may be produced from our wells,
negatively affect the economics of production from these wells or limit the number of locations we can drill. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

The
failure to comply with the rules and regulations of oil and natural gas production and related operations can result in substantial penalties.
State laws also may prohibit the venting or flaring of natural gas, which may impact rates of production of crude oil and natural gas
from our leases. Leases covering state or federal lands often include additional laws, regulations and conditions which can limit the
location, timing and number of wells we can drill and impose other requirements on our operations, all of which can increase our costs.
Our competitors in the oil and natural gas industry are subject to the same regulatory requirements and restrictions that affect our
operations. 

Regulation
Affecting Sales and Transportation of Commodities 

Sales
prices of gas, oil, condensate and NGL are not currently regulated and are made at market prices. Although prices of these energy commodities
are currently unregulated, the United States Congress historically has been active in their regulation. We cannot predict whether new
legislation to regulate oil and gas, or the prices charged for these commodities might be proposed, what proposals, if any, might actually
be enacted by the United States Congress or the various state legislatures and what effect, if any, the proposals might have on our operations.
Sales of oil and natural gas may be subject to certain state and federal reporting requirements. 

The
price and terms of service of transportation of the commodities, including access to pipeline transportation capacity, are subject to
extensive federal and state regulation. Such regulation may affect the marketing of oil and natural gas produced by the Company, as well
as the revenues received for sales of such production. Gathering systems may be subject to state ratable take and common purchaser statutes.
Ratable take statutes generally require gatherers to take, without undue discrimination, oil and natural gas production that may be tendered
to the gatherer for handling. Similarly, common purchaser statutes generally require gatherers to purchase, or accept for gathering,
without undue discrimination as to source of supply or producer. These statutes are designed to prohibit discrimination in favor of one
producer over another producer or one source of supply over another source of supply. These statutes may affect whether and to what extent
gathering capacity is available for oil and natural gas production, if any, of the drilling program and the cost of such capacity. Further
state laws and regulations govern rates and terms of access to intrastate pipeline systems, which may similarly affect market access
and cost. 

The
FERC regulates interstate natural gas pipeline transportation rates and service conditions. The FERC is continually proposing and implementing
new rules and regulations affecting interstate transportation. The stated purpose of many of these regulatory changes is to ensure terms
and conditions of interstate transportation service are not unduly discriminatory or unduly preferential, to promote competition among
the various sectors of the natural gas industry and to promote market transparency. We do not believe that our drilling program will
be affected by any such FERC action in a manner materially differently than other similarly situated natural gas producers. 

In
addition to the regulation of natural gas pipeline transportation, the FERC has additional, jurisdiction over the purchase or sale of
gas or the purchase or sale of transportation services subject to the FERC s jurisdiction pursuant to the Energy Policy Act of
2005 EPAct 2005 ). Under the EPAct 2005, it is unlawful for any entity, including producers
such as us, that are otherwise not subject to FERC s jurisdiction under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 NGA to use any deceptive or manipulative device or contrivance in connection with the purchase or sale of gas or the purchase or sale of
transportation services subject to regulation by FERC, in contravention of rules prescribed by the FERC. The FERC s rules implementing
this provision make it unlawful, in connection with the purchase or sale of gas subject to the jurisdiction of the FERC, or the purchase
or sale of transportation services subject to the jurisdiction of the FERC, for any entity, directly or indirectly, to use or employ
any device, scheme or artifice to defraud; to make any untrue statement of material fact or omit to make any such statement necessary
to make the statements made not misleading; or to engage in any act or practice that operates as a fraud or deceit upon any person. EPAct
2005 also gives the FERC authority to impose civil penalties for violations of the NGA and the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 up to 1.5
million per day, per violation. The anti-manipulation rule applies to activities of otherwise non-jurisdictional entities to the extent
the activities are conducted in connection with gas sales, purchases or transportation subject to FERC jurisdiction,
which includes the annual reporting requirements under FERC Order No. 704 (defined below). 

19 

 Table of Contents 

In
December 2007, the FERC issued a final rule on the annual natural gas transaction reporting requirements, as amended by subsequent orders
on rehearing Order No. 704 ). Under Order No. 704, any market participant, including a producer that engages in
certain wholesale sales or purchases of gas that equal or exceed 2.2 trillion BTUs of physical natural gas in the previous calendar year,
must annually report such sales and purchases to the FERC on Form No. 552 on May 1 of each year. Form No. 552 contains aggregate volumes
of natural gas purchased or sold at wholesale in the prior calendar year to the extent such transactions utilize, contribute to the formation
of price indices. Not all types of natural gas sales are required to be reported on Form No. 552. It is the responsibility of the reporting
entity to determine which individual transactions should be reported based on the guidance of Order No. 704. Order No. 704 is intended
to increase the transparency of the wholesale gas markets and to assist the FERC in monitoring those markets and in detecting market
manipulation. We are not currently subject to the requirement to report on Form No. 552, as our sales of oil and natural gas do not rise
to the minimum level required for reporting by Order No. 704. 

The
FERC also regulates rates and terms and conditions of service on interstate transportation of liquids, including oil and NGL, under the
Interstate Commerce Act, as it existed on October 1, 1977 ICA ). Prices received from the sale of liquids may be
affected by the cost of transporting those products to market. The ICA requires that certain interstate liquids pipelines maintain a
tariff on file with the FERC. The tariff sets forth the established rates as well as the rules and regulations governing the service.
The ICA requires, among other things, that rates and terms and conditions of service on interstate common carrier pipelines be just
and reasonable. Increases in liquids transportation rates may result in lower revenue and cash flows for the Company. Such
pipelines must also provide jurisdictional service in a manner that is not unduly discriminatory or unduly preferential. Shippers have
the power to challenge new and existing rates and terms and conditions of service before the FERC. 

In
addition, due to common carrier regulatory obligations of liquids pipelines, capacity must be prorated among shippers in an equitable
manner in the event there are nominations in excess of capacity or new shippers. Therefore, new shippers or increased volume by existing
shippers may reduce the capacity available to us. Any prolonged interruption in the operation or curtailment of available capacity of
the pipelines that we rely upon for liquids transportation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. However, we believe that access to liquids pipeline transportation services generally will be available
to us to the same extent as to our similarly situated competitors. 

Rates
for intrastate pipeline transportation of liquids are subject to regulation by state regulatory commissions. The basis for intrastate
liquids pipeline regulation, and the degree of regulatory oversight and scrutiny given to intrastate liquids pipeline rates, varies from
state to state. We believe that the regulation of liquids pipeline transportation rates will not affect our operations in any way that
is materially different from the effects on our similarly situated competitors. 

In
addition to the FERC s regulations, we are required to observe anti-market manipulation laws with regard to our physical sales
of energy commodities. In November 2009, the Federal Trade Commission FTC issued regulations pursuant to the Energy
Independence and Security Act of 2007, intended to prohibit market manipulation in the petroleum industry. Violators of the regulations
face civil penalties of up to 1.3 million per violation per day. In July 2010, Congress passed the Dodd-Frank Act, which incorporated
an expansion of the authority of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC to prohibit market manipulation
in the markets regulated by the CFTC. This authority, with respect to oil swaps and futures contracts, is similar to the anti-manipulation
authority granted to the FTC with respect to oil purchases and sales. In July 2011, the CFTC issued final rules to implement their new
anti-manipulation authority. The rules subject violators to a civil penalty of up to the greater of 1.1 million or triple the monetary
gain to the person for each violation. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

Regulation
of Environmental and Occupational Safety and Health Matters 

Our
operations are subject to stringent federal, state and local laws and regulations governing occupational safety and health aspects of
our operations, the discharge of materials into the environment and environmental protection. Numerous governmental entities, including
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA and analogous state agencies have the power to enforce compliance
with these laws and regulations and the permits issued under them, often requiring difficult and costly actions. These laws and regulations
may, among other things (i) require the acquisition of permits to conduct drilling and other regulated activities; (ii) restrict the
types, quantities and concentration of various substances that can be released into the environment or injected into formations in connection
with oil and natural gas drilling and production activities; (iii) limit or prohibit drilling activities on certain lands lying within
wilderness, wetlands and other protected areas; (iv) require remedial measures to mitigate pollution from former and ongoing operations,
such as requirements to close pits and plug abandoned wells; (v) apply specific health and safety criteria addressing worker protection;
and (vi) impose substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from drilling and production operations. Any failure to comply with these
laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of corrective or remedial
obligations, the occurrence of delays or restrictions in permitting or performance of projects, and the issuance of orders enjoining
performance of some or all of our operations. 

These
laws and regulations may also restrict the rate of oil and natural gas production below the rate that would otherwise be possible. The
regulatory burden on the oil and natural gas industry increases the cost of doing business in the industry and consequently affects profitability.
The trend in environmental regulation is to place more restrictions and limitations on activities that may affect the environment, and
thus any changes in environmental laws and regulations or re-interpretation of enforcement policies that result in more stringent and
costly well drilling, construction, completion or water management activities, or waste handling, storage transport, disposal, or remediation
requirements could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. Moreover, accidental releases
or spills may occur in the course of our operations, and we cannot assure you that we will not incur significant costs and liabilities
as a result of such releases or spills, including any third-party claims for damage to property, natural resources or persons. Continued
compliance with existing requirements is not expected to materially affect us. However, there is no assurance that we will be able to
remain in compliance in the future with such existing or any new laws and regulations or that such future compliance will not have a
material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 

The
following is a summary of the more significant existing and proposed environmental and occupational safety and health laws, as amended
from time to time, to which our business operations are or may be subject and for which compliance may have a material adverse impact
on our capital expenditures, results of operations or financial position. 

Hazardous
Substances and Wastes 

The
Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA ), and comparable state statutes, regulate the generation, transportation,
treatment, storage, disposal and cleanup of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes. Pursuant to rules issued by the EPA, the individual states
administer some or all of the provisions of RCRA, sometimes in conjunction with their own, more stringent requirements. Drilling fluids,
produced waters, and most of the other wastes associated with the exploration, development, and production of oil or natural gas, if
properly handled, are currently exempt from regulation as hazardous waste under RCRA and, instead, are regulated under RCRA s less
stringent non-hazardous waste provisions, state laws or other federal laws. However, it is possible that certain oil and natural gas
drilling and production wastes now classified as non-hazardous could be classified as hazardous wastes in the future. Stricter regulation
of wastes generated during our operations could result in an increase in our, as well as the oil and natural gas exploration and production
industry s costs to manage and dispose of wastes, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
position. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

In
December 2016, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia approved a consent decree between the EPA and a coalition of environmental
groups. The consent decree requires the EPA to review and determine whether it will revise the RCRA regulations for exploration and production
waste to treat such waste as hazardous waste. In April 2019, the EPA, pursuant to the consent decree, determined that revision of the
regulations was not necessary. Information comprising the EPA s review and decision is contained in a document entitled Management
of Exploration, Development and Production Wastes: Factors Informing a Decision on the Need for Regulatory Action . The EPA indicated
that it will continue to work with states and other organizations to identify areas for continued improvement and to address emerging
issues to ensure that exploration, development and production wastes continue to be managed in a manner that is protective of human health
and the environment. Environmental groups, however, expressed dissatisfaction with the EPA s decision and will likely continue
to press the issue at the federal and state levels. 

The
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA ), also known as the Superfund law,
and comparable state laws impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault or legality of conduct, on classes of persons who
are considered to be responsible for the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. These persons include the current and
former owners and operators of the site where the release occurred and anyone who disposed or arranged for the disposal of a hazardous
substance released at the site. Under CERCLA, such persons may be subject to joint and several liability for the costs of cleaning up
the hazardous substances that have been released into the environment, for damages to natural resources and for the costs of certain
health studies. CERCLA also authorizes the EPA and, in some instances, third parties to act in response to threats to the public health
or the environment and to seek to recover from the responsible classes of persons the costs they incur. In addition, it is not uncommon
for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the hazardous
substances released into the environment. We generate materials in the course of our operations that may be regulated as hazardous substances. 

We
currently lease or operate properties that have been used for oil and natural gas exploration, production and processing for many years.
Although we believe that we have utilized operating and waste disposal practices that were standard in the industry at the time, hazardous
substances, wastes, or petroleum hydrocarbons may have been released on, under or from the properties owned or leased by us, or on, under
or from other locations, including off-site locations, where such substances have been taken for treatment or disposal. In addition,
some of our properties have been operated by third parties or by previous owners or operators whose treatment and disposal of hazardous
substances, wastes, or petroleum hydrocarbons was not under our control. These properties and the substances disposed or released on,
under or from them may be subject to CERCLA, RCRA and analogous state laws. Under such laws, we could be required to undertake response
or corrective measures, which could include removal of previously disposed substances and wastes, cleanup of contaminated property or
performance of remedial plugging or pit closure operations to prevent future contamination, the costs of which could be substantial. 

Water
Discharges 

The
federal Clean Water Act CWA and analogous state laws impose strict controls concerning the discharge of pollutants
and fill material, including spills and leaks of crude oil and other substances. The CWA also requires approval and/or permits prior
to construction, where construction will disturb certain wetlands or other waters of the U.S. WOTUS ). The CWA also
regulates storm water run-off from crude oil and natural gas facilities and requires storm water discharge permits for certain activities.
Spill Prevention, Control and Countermeasure SPCC requirements of the CWA require appropriate secondary containment,
load out controls, piping controls, berms and other measures to help prevent the contamination of navigable waters in the event of a
petroleum hydrocarbon spill, rupture or leak. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

Subsurface
Injections 

In
the course of our operations, we produce water in addition to oil and natural gas. Water that is not recycled may be disposed of in disposal
wells, which inject the produced water into non-producing subsurface formations. Underground injection operations are regulated pursuant
to the Underground Injection Control UIC program established under the federal Safe Drinking Water Act SDWA and analogous state laws. The UIC program requires permits from the EPA or an analogous state agency for the construction and operation
of disposal wells, establishes minimum standards for disposal well operations, and restricts the types and quantities of fluids that
may be disposed. A change in UIC disposal well regulations or the inability to obtain permits for new disposal wells in the future may
affect our ability to dispose of produced water and ultimately increase the cost of our operations. For example, in response to recent
seismic events near belowground disposal wells used for the injection of oil and natural gas-related wastewaters, regulators in some
states, have imposed more stringent permitting and operating requirements for produced water disposal wells. Additionally, legal disputes
may arise based on allegations that disposal well operations have caused damage to neighboring properties or otherwise violated state
or federal rules regulating waste disposal. These developments could result in additional regulation, restriction on the use of injection
wells by us or by commercial disposal well vendors whom we may use from time to time to dispose of wastewater, and increased costs of
compliance, which could have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures and operating costs, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

Air
Emissions 

Our
operations are subject to the Clean Air Act (the CAA and comparable state and local requirements. The CAA contains
provisions that may result in the gradual imposition of certain pollution control requirements with respect to air emissions from our
operations. The EPA and state governments continue to develop regulations to implement these requirements. We may be required to make
certain capital investments in the next several years for air pollution control equipment in connection with maintaining or obtaining
operating permits and approvals addressing other air emission-related issues. 

In
June 2016, the EPA implemented new requirements focused on achieving additional methane and volatile organic compound reductions from
the oil and natural gas industry. The rules imposed, among other things, new requirements for leak detection and repair, control requirements
for oil well completions, replacement of certain pneumatic pumps and controllers and additional control requirements for gathering, boosting
and compressor stations. On November 15, 2021, the EPA published a proposed rule that would update and expand existing requirements for
the oil and gas industry, as well as creating significant new requirements and standards for new, modified, and existing oil and gas
facilities. The proposed new requirements would include, for example, new standards and emission limitations applicable to storage vessels,
well liquids unloading, pneumatic controllers, and flaring of natural gas at both new and existing facilities. In November 2022, the
EPA published a supplemental proposal to update, strengthen, and expand the standards proposed in November 2021. The proposed rules for
new and modified facilities are estimated to be finalized by the end of 2023, while any standards finalized for existing facilities will
require further state rulemaking actions over the next several years before they become applicable and effective. 

In
November 2022, the BLM published a proposed rule that would regulate venting, flaring and leaks during oil and gas production activities
on federal and Indian leases. If finalized as proposed, the rule would limit gas that may be flared royalty-free during well completions,
production testing, and emergencies; establish a monthly volume limit on royalty-free flaring due to pipeline capacity constraints, midstream
processing failures, or other similar events; require vapor recovery systems on oil tanks; require operators to maintain leak detection
and repair LDAR programs; prohibit the use of certain natural-gas-activated pneumatic controllers and pneumatic diaphragm
pumps; and require operators to submit waste minimization plans with applications for permit to drill, among other requirements. 

Regulation
of GHG Emissions 

The
EPA has published findings that emissions of carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gases GHGs present an
endangerment to public health and the environment because such emissions are, according to the EPA, contributing to warming of the earth s
atmosphere and other climatic changes. These findings provide the basis for the EPA to adopt and implement regulations that would restrict
emissions of GHGs under existing provisions of the CAA. In June 2010, the EPA began regulating GHG emissions from stationary sources. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

In
the past, Congress has considered proposed legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of
2022 IRA was signed into law. The IRA imposes a fee of up to 1,500 per metric ton of methane emitted above specified
thresholds from onshore petroleum and natural gas production facilities, natural gas processing facilities, natural gas transmission
and compression facilities, and onshore petroleum and natural gas gathering and boosting facilities, among other facilities. The fees
will apply to methane emissions after January 1, 2024. We do not anticipate that such fees will have material effect on our financial
condition or results of operations. Congress may adopt additional significant legislation in the future to reduce emissions of GHGs. 

In
April 2021, President Biden announced that the United States would aim to cut its greenhouse gas emissions 50 percent to 52 percent below
2005 levels by 2030. This commitment will be part of the United States nationally determined contribution, or NDC,
to the Paris Climate Agreement. The NDC will commit the United States to a voluntary GHG emission reduction target and outline domestic
climate mitigation measures to achieve that target. 

Regulation
of methane and other GHG emissions associated with oil and natural gas production could impose significant requirements and costs on
our operations. 

Hydraulic
Fracturing Activities 

Hydraulic
fracturing is an important and common practice that is used to stimulate production of natural gas and/or oil from dense subsurface rock
formations. We regularly use hydraulic fracturing as part of our operations. Hydraulic fracturing involves the injection of water, sand
or alternative proppant and chemicals under pressure into targeted geological formations to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate
production. Hydraulic fracturing is typically regulated by state oil and natural gas commissions. However, several federal agencies have
asserted regulatory authority over certain aspects of the process. For example, in December 2016, the EPA released its final report on
the potential impacts of hydraulic fracturing on drinking water resources, concluding that water cycle activities associated
with hydraulic fracturing may impact drinking water resources under certain circumstances. Additionally, the EPA published in June 2016
an effluent limitations guideline final rule pursuant to its authority under the SDWA prohibiting the discharge of wastewater from onshore
unconventional oil and natural gas extraction facilities to publicly owned wastewater treatment plants; asserted regulatory authority
in 2014 under the SDWA over hydraulic fracturing activities involving the use of diesel and issued guidance covering such activities;
and issued in 2014 a prepublication of its Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking regarding Toxic Substances Control Act reporting of
the chemical substances and mixtures used in hydraulic fracturing. Also, the BLM published a final rule in March 2015 establishing new
or more stringent standards for performing hydraulic fracturing on federal and American Indian lands including well casing and wastewater
storage requirements and an obligation for exploration and production operators to disclose what chemicals they are using in fracturing
activities. However, following years of litigation, the BLM rescinded the rule in December 2017. Additionally, from time to time, legislation
has been introduced, but not enacted, in Congress to provide for federal regulation of hydraulic fracturing and to require disclosure
of the chemicals used in the fracturing process. In the event that a new, federal level of legal restrictions relating to the hydraulic
fracturing process is adopted in areas where we operate, we may incur additional costs to comply with such federal requirements that
may be significant in nature, and also could become subject to additional permitting requirements and experience added delays or curtailment
in the pursuit of exploration, development, or production activities. 

If
new or more stringent federal, state or local legal restrictions relating to the hydraulic fracturing process are adopted in areas where
we operate, including, for example, on federal and American Indian lands, we could incur potentially significant added costs to comply
with such requirements, experience delays or curtailment in the pursuit of exploration, development or production activities, and perhaps
even be precluded from drilling wells. 

In
the event that local or state restrictions or prohibitions are adopted in areas where we conduct operations, that impose more stringent
limitations on the production and development of oil and natural gas, including, among other things, the development of increased setback
distances, we and similarly situated oil and natural exploration and production operators in the state may incur significant costs to
comply with such requirements or may experience delays or curtailment in the pursuit of exploration, development, or production activities,
and possibly be limited or precluded in the drilling of wells or in the amounts that we and similarly situated operates are ultimately
able to produce from our reserves. Any such increased costs, delays, cessations, restrictions or prohibitions could have a material adverse
effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. If new or more stringent federal, state
or local legal restrictions relating to the hydraulic fracturing process are adopted in areas where we operate, including, for example,
on federal and American Indian lands, we could incur potentially significant added cost to comply with such requirements, experience
delays or curtailment in the pursuit of exploration, development or production activities, and perhaps even be precluded from drilling
wells. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

Activities
on Federal Lands 

Oil
and natural gas exploration, development and production activities on federal lands, including American Indian lands and lands administered
by the BLM, are subject to the National Environmental Policy Act NEPA ). NEPA requires federal agencies, including
the BLM, to evaluate major agency actions having the potential to significantly impact the environment. In the course of such evaluations,
an agency will prepare an Environmental Assessment that assesses the potential direct, indirect and cumulative impacts of a proposed
project and, if necessary, will prepare a more detailed Environmental Impact Statement that may be made available for public review and
comment. We currently have limited exploration, development and production activities on federal lands, and our future exploration, development
and production activities may include leasing and development of federal mineral interests, which will require the acquisition of governmental
permits or authorizations that are subject to the requirements of NEPA. This process has the potential to delay or limit, or increase
the cost of, the development of oil and natural gas projects. Authorizations under NEPA are also subject to protest, appeal or litigation,
any or all of which may delay or halt projects. Moreover, depending on the mitigation strategies recommended in Environmental Assessments
or Environmental Impact Statements, we could incur added costs, which may be substantial. 

On
January 20, 2021, the Acting U.S. Interior Secretary, instituted a moratorium on new oil and gas leases and permits on federal onshore
and offshore lands, which a federal court blocked with a preliminary injunction in June 2021, which injunction is being appealed. President
Biden subsequently resumed onshore oil and gas lease sales on federal lands effective April 18, 2022. It is currently unclear whether
future moratoriums will be imposed, if any, and whether such actions herald the start of a change in federal policies regarding the grant
of oil and gas permits on federal lands. 

Endangered
Species and Migratory Birds Considerations 

The
federal Endangered Species Act ESA ), and comparable state laws were established to protect endangered and threatened
species. Pursuant to the ESA, if a species is listed as threatened or endangered, restrictions may be imposed on activities adversely
affecting that species or that species habitat. Similar protections are offered to migrating birds under the Migratory Bird Treaty
Act. We may conduct operations on oil and natural gas leases in areas where certain species that are listed as threatened or endangered
are known to exist. Moreover, as a result of one or more agreements entered into by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the agency is
required to make a determination on listing of numerous species as endangered or threatened under the ESA pursuant to specific timelines.
The identification or designation of the lesser prairie chicken as endangered, and previously unprotected species as threatened or endangered,
in areas where underlying property operations are conducted, could cause us to incur increased costs arising from species protection
measures, time delays or limitations on our exploration and production activities that could have an adverse impact on our ability to
develop and produce reserves. 

Other 

In
October 2015, the U.S. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration PHMSA ), proposed to expand its regulations
in a number of ways, including increased regulation of gathering lines, even in rural areas, and proposed additional standards to revise
safety regulations applicable to onshore gas transmission and gathering pipelines in 2016. In November 2021, the PHMSA issued its final
rule extending reporting requirements to all onshore gas gathering operators and applying a set of minimum safety requirements to certain
onshore gas gathering pipelines with large diameters and high operating pressures. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Crude
oil production is subject to many of the same operating hazards and environmental concerns as natural gas production, but is also subject
to the risk of crude oil spills. In addition to Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure Regulation SPCC requirements, the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 OPA establishes requirements for preparation and EPA approval of Facility
Response Plans and subjects owners of facilities to strict joint and several liability for all containment and cleanup costs and certain
other damages arising from crude oil spills. Noncompliance with OPA may result in varying civil and criminal penalties and liabilities.
Historically, we have not experienced any significant crude oil discharge or crude oil spill problems. 

We
are also subject to rules regarding worker safety and similar matters promulgated by the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA and other governmental authorities. OSHA has established workplace safety standards that provide guidelines
for maintaining a safe workplace in light of potential hazards, such as employee exposure to hazardous substances. To this end, OSHA
adopted a new rule governing employee exposure to silica, including during hydraulic fracturing activities, in March 2016. 

Democratic
control of the House, Senate and White House could lead to increased regulatory oversight and increased regulation and legislation, particularly
around oil and gas development on federal lands, climate impacts and taxes. 

Private
Lawsuits 

Lawsuits
have been filed against other operators in several states, including Colorado, alleging contamination of drinking water as a result of
hydraulic fracturing activities. Should private litigation be initiated against us, it could result in injunctions halting our development
and production operations, thereby reducing our cashflow from operations, and incurrence of costs and expenses to defend any such litigation. 

Related
Permits and Authorizations 

Many
environmental laws require us to obtain permits or other authorizations from state and/or federal agencies before initiating certain
drilling, construction, production, operation, or other oil and natural gas activities, and to maintain these permits and compliance
with their requirements for on-going operations. These permits are generally subject to protest, appeal, or litigation, which can in
certain cases delay or halt projects and cease production or operation of wells, pipelines, and other operations. 

We
are not able to predict the timing, scope and effect of any currently proposed or future laws or regulations regarding hydraulic fracturing,
but the direct and indirect costs of such laws and regulations (if enacted) could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
conditions and results of operations. 

Global
Warming and Climate Change 

Various
state governments and regional organizations have enacted, or are considering enacting, new legislation and promulgating new regulations
governing or restricting the emission of GHG, including from facilities, vehicles and equipment. Legislative and regulatory proposals
for restricting GHG emissions or otherwise addressing climate change could require us to incur additional operating costs and could adversely
affect demand for the oil and natural gas that we sell or the cost of the equipment and other materials we use. The potential increase
in our operating costs could include new or increased costs to obtain permits, operate and maintain our equipment, install new emission
controls on our equipment, pay taxes related to our greenhouse gas emissions and administer and manage a greenhouse gas emissions program. 

Additionally,
the development of a federal renewable energy standard, or the development of additional or more stringent renewable energy standards
at the state level could reduce the demand for the oil and gas we produce, thereby adversely impacting our earnings, cash flows and financial
position. A cap-and-trade program generally would cap overall greenhouse gas emissions on an economy-wide basis and require major sources
of greenhouse gas emissions or major fuel producers to acquire and surrender emission allowances. A federal cap and trade program or
expanded use of cap and trade programs at the state level could impose direct costs on us through the purchase of allowances and could
impose indirect costs by incentivizing consumers to shift away from fossil fuels. In addition, federal or state carbon taxes could directly
increase our costs of operation and similarly incentivize consumers to shift away from fossil fuels. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

In
addition, activists concerned about the potential effects of climate change have directed their attention at sources of funding for fossil-fuel
energy companies, which has resulted in an increasing number of financial institutions, funds and other sources of capital restricting
or eliminating their investment in oil and natural gas activities. Ultimately, this may make it more difficult and expensive for us to
secure funding. Members of the investment community have also begun to screen companies such as ours for sustainability performance,
including practices related to greenhouse gases and climate change, before investing in our securities. Any efforts to improve our sustainability
practices in response to these pressures may increase our costs, and we may be forced to implement technologies that are not economically
viable in order to improve our sustainability performance and to meet the specific requirements to perform services for certain customers. 

These
various legislative, regulatory and other activities addressing greenhouse gas emissions could adversely affect our business, including
by imposing reporting obligations on, or limiting emissions of greenhouse gases from, our equipment and operations, which could require
us to incur costs to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases associated with our operations. Limitations on greenhouse gas emissions could
also adversely affect demand for oil and gas, which could lower the value of our reserves and have a material adverse effect on our profitability,
financial condition and liquidity. 

Compliance
with GHG laws or taxes could significantly increase our costs, reduce demand for fossil energy derived products, impact the cost and
availability of capital and increase our exposure to litigation. Such laws and regulations could also increase demand for less carbon
intensive energy sources. 

Environmental,
Social Governance (ESG) 

Environmental,
social, and corporate governance, also known as ESG, is a framework designed to be embedded into an organization s strategy that
considers the needs and ways in which to generate value for all organizational stakeholders. 

The
Company strives to remain ESG compliant and has a long history (through Cycle Energy) of working within ESG frameworks in Canada, including
working with Indigenous and socially impacted communities. 

The
Company is also an equal opportunity employer that also maintains a corporate strategy of living wage for all employees and contractors.
A living wage is defined as the minimum income necessary for a worker to meet their basic needs. 

Insurance 

Our
oil and gas properties are subject to hazards inherent in the oil and gas industry, such as accidents, blowouts, explosions, implosions,
fires and oil spills. These conditions can cause: 

damage
 to or destruction of property, equipment and the environment; 

personal
 injury or loss of life; and 

suspension
 of operations. 

We
maintain insurance coverage that we believe to be customary in the industry against these types of hazards. However, we may not be able
to maintain adequate insurance in the future at rates we consider reasonable. In addition, our insurance is subject to coverage limits
and some policies exclude coverage for damages resulting from environmental contamination. The occurrence of a significant event or adverse
claim in excess of the insurance coverage that we maintain or that is not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

Intellectual
Property 

We
rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws in the United States and other jurisdictions as well as confidentiality
procedures and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technology, trade secrets, technical know-how and other proprietary
information. 

Cycle
Energy also has an extensive portfolio of energy technologies including US patent US 9,809,774 B2 Method of Separating Solids Using Bio-oils
issued November 7, 2017. 

The
Company also has a number of technologies in various stages of development. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

We
are subject to various risks and uncertainties in the course of our business. The following summarizes significant risks and uncertainties
that may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. When considering an investment in our securities,
you should carefully consider the risk factors included below as well as those matters referenced in the foregoing pages under Disclosures
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and other information included and incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

Summary
Risk Factors 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those in the section entitled Risk Factors and elsewhere
in this Report. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

The
 future price of oil, natural gas and NGL; 

Current
 and future declines in economic activity and recessions, and their effect on the Company, its property, prospects and the supply
 and demand, and ultimate price of oil and natural gas; 

The
 status and availability of oil and natural gas gathering, transportation, and storage facilities owned and operated by third parties; 

An
 increase in the differential between the NYMEX or other benchmark prices of oil and natural gas and the wellhead price we receive
 for our production may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations; 

New
 or amended environmental legislation or regulatory initiatives which could result in increased costs, additional operating restrictions,
 or delays, or have other adverse effects on us; 

The
 effect of future shut-ins of our operated production, should market conditions significantly deteriorate; 

Our
 ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet any future debt service and other obligations due to events beyond our control; 

28 

 Table of Contents 

The
 speculative nature of our oil and gas operations, and general risks associated with the exploration for, and production of oil and
 gas; including accidents, equipment failures or mechanical problems which may occur while drilling or completing wells or in production
 activities; operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions for which we may not be adequately insured; the threat and impact of
 terrorist attacks, cyber-attacks or similar hostilities; declining reserves and production; and losses or costs we may incur as a
 result of title deficiencies or environmental issues in the properties in which we invest, any one of which may adversely impact
 our operations; 

The
 estimates of the value of our oil and gas properties and accounting in connection therewith; 

Intense
 competition in the oil and natural gas industry; 

Our
 competitors use of superior technology and data resources that we may be unable to afford or obtain the use of; 

Changes
 in the legal and regulatory environment governing the oil and natural gas industry, including new or amended environmental legislation
 or regulatory initiatives which could result in increased costs, additional operating restrictions, or delays, or have other adverse
 effects on us; 

Uncertainties
 associated with enhanced recovery methods which may result in us not realizing an acceptable return on our investments in such projects
 or suffering losses; 

Improvements
 in or new discoveries of alternative energy technologies that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
 results of operations; 

Future
 litigation or governmental proceedings which could result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or settlements; 

The
 currently sporadic and volatile market for our common stock; 

Our
 dependence on the continued involvement of our present management; 

Our
 limited operating history; 

Our
 need for additional funding to support our operations, repay debt and expand our operations; 

Disruptions
 to our operations or liabilities associated with future acquisitions; 

Our
 ability to continue as a going concern; 

Our
 dependence on our Chief Executive Officer and director, Michael McLaren, and related party transactions affecting the Company; 

Competition
 we face; 

Our
 ability to maintain our varied operations, and service our indebtedness; 

Material
 weaknesses in our controls and procedures; 

Our
 ability to obtain and maintain adequate insurance; 

29 

 Table of Contents 

Legal
 challenges and litigation; 

Dilution
 caused by the conversion of outstanding notes, conversion of preferred stock, exercise of outstanding warrants, and future fund-raising
 activities; 

The
 price of, volatility in, and lack of robust trading market for, our common stock; and 

The
 fact that Mr. McLaren, our Chief Executive Officer, has voting control over the Company. 

Risks
Related to our Business. 

Since
we have a limited operating history, it is difficult for potential investors to evaluate our business. 

Our
short operating history in the health and wellness industry and oil and gas industry may hinder our ability to successfully meet our
objectives, and makes it difficult for potential investors to evaluate our business or prospective operations. As an early-stage company,
we are subject to all the risks inherent in the financing, expenditures, operations, complications and delays inherent in a new business.
Accordingly, our business and success face risks from uncertainties faced by developing companies in a competitive environment. There
can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we will ultimately be able to attain profitability. 

We
require additional financing, and we may not be able to raise funds on favorable terms or at all, which raises questions about our ability
to continue as a going concern. 

We
had working capital deficit of 4,570,096 as of December 31, 2022. With our current cash on hand, expected revenues, and based on our
current average monthly expenses, we currently anticipate the need for additional funding in order to continue our operations at
their current levels and to pay the costs associated with being a public company for the next 12 months. We may also require
additional funding in the future to expand or complete acquisitions. The most likely source of future funds presently available to
us will be through the sale of equity capital (once we are able to increase our authorized but unissued shares of common stock). Any
sale of share capital will result in dilution to existing stockholders. Furthermore, we may incur debt in the future, and may not
have sufficient funds to repay our future indebtedness or may default on our future debts, jeopardizing our business viability. We
have an accumulated deficit of 23,115,376 as of December 31, 2022. 

These
conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months. The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America on a going
concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Accordingly,
the financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and classification of liabilities that
might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The financial statements included herein also include
a going concern footnote from our auditors. 

We
may not be able to borrow or raise additional capital in the future to meet our needs or to otherwise provide the capital necessary to
expand our operations and business, which might result in the value of our common stock decreasing in value or becoming worthless. Additional
financing may not be available to us on terms that are acceptable. Consequently, we may not be able to proceed with our intended business
plans. Substantial additional funds will still be required if we are to reach our goals that are outlined in this Report. Obtaining additional
financing contains risks, including: 

additional
 equity financing may not be available to us on satisfactory terms and any equity we are able to issue could lead to dilution for
 current stockholders; 

30 

 Table of Contents 

loans
 or other debt instruments may have terms and/or conditions, such as interest rate, restrictive covenants and control or revocation
 provisions, which are not acceptable to management or our sole director; 

the
 current environment in capital markets combined with our capital constraints may prevent us from being able to obtain adequate debt
 financing; and 

if
 we fail to obtain required additional financing to grow our business, we will need to delay or scale back our business plan, reduce
 our operating costs, or reduce our headcount, each of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, future prospects,
 and financial condition. 

We
have recently changed our primary business focus from the telemedicine, life coaching and wellness, to oil and gas. 

During
the fiscal year end December 31, 2022, the Company owned and operated ZipDoctor, Inc. and was the majority owner of Epiq Scripts, LLC,
which the Company divested in April 2023 and February 2023, respectively. As of the date of this Report, the Company currently is the
parent to Cycle Energy Corp., a diversified energy company based in the state of Texas that currently owns and operates three vertically
integrated businesses Cycle Oil and Gas, Cycle Energy Services and Cycle Energy Technologies. As such, our current operations
consist primarily of operations within the oil and gas industry, which industries we have only a limited history with. Furthermore, the
majority of our revenues for the two years ending December 31, 2020 were generated through our MedSpa, nutrition store and construction
services, and as such, our continued ability to generate revenues and support our operations is currently unknown. 

We
may owe significant amounts to a consultant under the terms of the consulting agreement. 

On
March 8, 2021, we entered into a Consulting Agreement with KBHS, LLC KBHS ), whose Chief Executive Officer is Mr.
Kevin Harrington, who was appointed the sole member of our then newly formed Advisory Committee. Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement,
KBHS agreed to provide consulting services to the Company as the Company s Brand Ambassador, including providing endorsement services
and advising on marketing, promotions, acquisitions, licensing and business development. KBHS also agreed to up to four webinar appearances
on behalf of the Company per year to support the Company s direct sales efforts. The Consulting Agreement has a term of two years,
and can be terminated with ten days prior written notice (subject to applicable cure rights set forth in the Consulting Agreement), in
the event we or KBHS breach any term of the agreement, or we fail to pay any amounts due, become subject to any government regulatory
investigation, certain lawsuits, claims, actions or take certain other actions during the term of the Consulting Agreement. As consideration
for providing the services under the Consulting Agreement, we issued KBHS 25,000 shares of restricted common stock, which vested immediately
upon issuance, and agreed to pay KBHS 10,000 per month, a 5 finder s fee on any new business introduced or developed by KBHS
(of which there has been none to date) and 7.5 of the value of any acquisition or merger created or developed exclusively by KBHS, undertaken
by the Company, subject to applicable laws. In the event we fail to pay any consideration due under the Consulting Agreement, such amount
accrues interest at the rate of 1.5 per month until paid in full. 

The
requirement to pay the finder s fees and/or acquisition/merger fee under the agreement could significantly decrease any margin
we would otherwise obtain on any transaction, decrease our cash flows, and could prevent us from completing certain transactions in the
future, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company and its securities. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
historical financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern. Our independent registered
public accounting firm has issued a report on our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, that included
an explanatory paragraph referring to our recurring operating losses and expressing substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a
going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain additional equity financing or other
capital, attain further operating efficiencies, reduce expenditures, and, ultimately, generate revenue. Our financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. However, if adequate funds are not available to us when
we need it, we will be required to curtail our operations which would, in turn, further raise substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. The doubt regarding our potential ability to continue as a going concern may adversely affect our ability
to obtain new financing on reasonable terms or at all. Additionally, if we are unable to continue as a going concern, our stockholders
may lose some or all of their investment in the Company. 

We
depend heavily on our Chief Executive Officer, and the loss of his services could harm our business. 

Our
future business and results of operations depend in significant part upon the continued contributions of our senior management personnel,
particularly our Chief Executive Officer and director, Michael McLaren. If we lose his services or if he fails to perform in his current
position, or if we are not able to attract and retain skilled personnel as needed, our business could suffer. Significant turnover in
our senior management could significantly deplete our institutional knowledge held by our existing senior management team. We depend
on the skills and abilities of these key personnel in managing our operations, product development, marketing and sales aspects of our
business, any part of which could be harmed by turnover in the future. 

We
have engaged and may in the future engage, in transactions with related parties and such transactions present possible conflicts of interest. 

We
have entered, and may continue to enter, into transactions with related parties for financing, corporate, business development and operational
services, as detailed herein. Such transactions may not have been entered into on an arm s-length basis, and we may have achieved
more or less favorable terms because such transactions were entered into with our related parties. This could have a material effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The details of certain of these transactions are set forth under Certain Relationships and Related Transactions . Such conflicts could cause an individual in our management to seek to advance his or her
economic interests or the economic interests of certain related parties above ours. Further, the appearance of conflicts of interest
created by related party transactions could impair the confidence of our investors. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. If not remediated,
our failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could
result in material misstatements in our financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting and financial obligations, each of which
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our common stock. 

Maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and procedures are necessary for us to produce
reliable financial statements. As reported in this Report, we have determined that our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal
control over financial reporting were not effective at the reasonable assurance level, primarily due to a lack of segregation of duties
in financial reporting, as of December 31, 2022, and continue to be ineffective. Separately, management assessed the effectiveness of
the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and determined that such internal control over
financial reporting was not effective as a result of such assessment; and further have not been effective since at least March 31, 2016. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. A control deficiency exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or employees,
in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

We
recognized the following deficiencies that we believe to be material weaknesses as of December 31, 2022: (a) the Company has not fully
designed, implemented or assessed internal controls over financial reporting and due to the Company being a developing company, management s
assessment and conclusion over internal controls were ineffective this year; (b) we recognized the following deficiencies that we believe
to be significant deficiencies: (i) the Company has no formal control process related to the identification and approval of related party
transactions; (ii) we do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key
internal controls over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; and (iii) we do not have sufficient
segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our size and nature, segregation of all
conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent possible, the initiation of
transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals. 

Maintaining
effective disclosure controls and procedures and effective internal control over financial reporting are necessary for us to produce
reliable financial statements and the Company is committed to remediating its material weaknesses in such controls as promptly as possible.
However, there can be no assurance as to when these material weaknesses will be remediated or that additional material weaknesses will
not arise in the future. Any failure to remediate the material weaknesses, or the development of new material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting, could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and cause us to fail to meet our
reporting and financial obligations, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price
of our common stock, and/or result in litigation against us or our management. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening
our controls and procedures, those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or facilitate the
fair presentation of our financial statements or our periodic reports filed with the SEC. 

Risks
Related to the Oil, NGL and Natural Gas Industry and Our Business 

We
may not be able to manage successfully the anticipated expansion of our operations. 

The
uneven pace of our anticipated expansion in facilities, staff and operations may place serious demands on our managerial, technical,
financial and other resources. We may be required to make significant investments in our engineering and logistics systems and our financial
and management information systems, as well as retaining, motivating and effectively managing our employees. Our failure to manage our
growth effectively or to implement our strategy in a timely manner may significantly harm our ability to achieve profitability. 

We
will need to recruit, train and retain key management and other qualified personnel to successfully expand our business. 

Our
future success will depend in large part on our ability to recruit and retain experienced research and development, engineering, manufacturing,
operating, sales and marketing, customer service and management personnel. We will compete in emerging markets and there are a limited
number of people with the appropriate combination of skills needed to provide the services our customers require. If we do not attract
such personnel, we may not be able to expand our business. In addition, new employees generally require substantial training, which requires
significant resources and management attention. Even if we invest significant resources to recruit, train and retain qualified personnel,
we may not be successful in our efforts. 

The
success of our business depends upon the continuing contributions of our Chief Executive Officer and other key personnel and our ability
to attract other employees to expand our business. 

We
will rely heavily on the services of our Chief Executive Officer, as well as other senior management personnel that we intend to hire.
Loss of the services of any of such individuals would adversely impact our operations. In addition, we believe that our technical personnel
will represent a significant asset and provide us with a competitive advantage over many of our competitors. We believe that our future
success will depend upon our ability to retain these key employees and our ability to attract and retain other skilled financial, engineering,
technical and managerial personnel. For example, we presently do not have any directors or officers, other than our CEO, who have experience
with preparing disclosure mandated by U.S. securities laws and we will be required to engage such persons, and independent directors,
in order to satisfy the initial listing standards of the major exchanges on which we may seek to list our common stock. In addition,
if we fail to engage qualified personnel, we may be unable to meet our responsibilities as a public reporting company under the rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

Our
strategy for the sale of our technology will depend on developing partnerships with OEMs, governments, systems integrators, suppliers
and other market channel partners who will incorporate our products into theirs. 

Our
strategy is to develop and manufacture products and systems for sale to OEMs, governments, systems integrators, suppliers and other market
channel partners that have mature sales and distribution networks for their products. Our success may be heavily dependent on our ability
to establish and maintain relationships with these partners who will integrate our products developed from our technology into their
products and on our ability to find partners who are willing to assume some of the research and development costs and risks associated
with our technology. Our performance may, as a result, depend on the success of other companies, and there are no assurances of their
success. We can offer no guarantee that OEMs, governments, systems integrators, suppliers and other market channel partners will manufacture
appropriate products or, if they do manufacture such products, that they will choose to use our technology as a component. The end products
into which our technology will be incorporated will be complex appliances comprising many components and any problems encountered by
such third parties in designing, manufacturing or marketing their products, whether or not related to the incorporation of our fuel cell
products, could delay sales of our products and adversely affect our financial results. Our ability to sell our products to the OEM markets
depends to a significant extent on our partners worldwide sales and distribution networks and service capabilities. In addition,
some of our agreements with customers and partners require us to provide shared intellectual property rights in certain situations, and
there can be no assurance that any future relationships we enter into will not require us to share some of our intellectual property.
Any change in the fuel cell, hydrogen or alternative fuel strategies of one of our partners could have a material adverse effect on our
business and our future prospects. 

In
addition, in some cases, our relationships are governed by a non-binding memorandum of understanding or a letter of intent. We cannot
provide the assurance that we will be able to successfully negotiate and execute definitive agreements with any of these partners, and
failure to do so may effectively terminate the relevant relationship. We also have relationships with third party distributors who also
indirectly compete with us. For example, we have targeted industrial gas suppliers as distributors of our hydrogen generators. Because
industrial gas suppliers currently sell hydrogen in delivered form, adoption by their customers of our hydrogen generation products could
cause them to experience declining demand for delivered hydrogen. For this reason, industrial gas suppliers may be reluctant to purchase
our hydrogen generators. In addition, our third party distributors may require us to provide volume price discounts and other allowances,
or customize our products, either of which could reduce the potential profitability of these relationships. 

We
may acquire technologies or companies in the future, and these acquisitions could disrupt our business and dilute our shareholders 
interests. 

We
may acquire additional technologies or other companies in the future and we cannot provide assurances that we will be able to successfully
integrate their operations or that the cost savings we anticipate will be fully realized. Entering into an acquisition or investment
entails many risks, any of which could materially harm our business, including: diversion of management s attention from other
business concerns; failure to effectively assimilate the acquired technology, employees or other assets into our business; the loss of
key employees from either our current business or the acquired business; and the assumption of significant liabilities of the acquired
company. 

If
we complete additional acquisitions, we may dilute the ownership of current shareholders. In addition, achieving the expected returns
and cost savings from our past and future acquisitions will depend in part on our ability to integrate the products and services, technologies,
research and development programs, operations, sales and marketing functions, finance, accounting and administrative functions, and other
personnel of these businesses into our business in an efficient and effective manner. We cannot ensure we will be able to do so or that
the acquired businesses will perform at anticipated levels. If we are unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses, our anticipated
revenues may be lower and our operational costs may be higher. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

Risk
Factors Related to Our Technology 

We
have no history of commercializing technology which makes it difficult to evaluate our business. 

We
have just finalized our acquisition agreement, filed the patents for our technology and are setting in place operations. We have no history
of operations in our industry. Our limited operating history makes it difficult for prospective investors to evaluate our business. Therefore,
our operations are subject to all of the risks inherent in the initial expenses, challenges, complications and delays frequently encountered
in connection with the early stages of any new business, as well as those risks that are specific to the our industry. Investors should
evaluate us in light of the problems and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies attempting to develop and market new products,
services, and technologies. Despite best efforts, we may never overcome these obstacles. 

Our
business is dependent upon the implementation of our business plan, as well as our ability to commercialize our technology. There can
be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or result in continued revenue or profit. 

We
may never complete the development of commercially viable hydrogen generation systems for new hydrogen energy applications, and if we
fail to do so, we will not be able to meet our business and growth objectives. 

Because
our technology business and industry are still in the developmental stage, we do not know when or whether we will successfully complete
research and development of commercially viable applications. If we do not complete the development of such commercially viable products,
we will be unable to meet our business and growth objectives. We expect to face unforeseen challenges, expenses and difficulties as a
developing company seeking to design, develop and manufacture new products in each of our targeted markets. Our future success also depends
on our ability to effectively market some or all of the products once developed: 

Hydrogen
 Generation systems for new hydrogen energy applications, improving the method of generating ultra-pure hydrogen while both enhancing
 its productivity and reducing environmental impact associated with the ultra-pure hydrogen production. 

Rapid
technological advances or the adoption of new codes and standards could impair our ability to deliver our technology in a timely manner
and, as a result, our revenues would suffer. 

While
we intend to actively and continuously monitor the developing markets and regulations in markets for our technology, our success depends
in large part on our ability to commercialize our technology and once commercialized to keep our products current and compatible with
evolving technologies, codes and standards. Unexpected changes in technology or in codes and standards could disrupt the development
of our technology and the resultant products and prevent us from meeting deadlines for the delivery of products. If we are unable to
keep pace with technological advancements and adapt our technology and the products derived therefrom to new codes and standards in a
timely manner, our technology may become uncompetitive or obsolete and our revenues would suffer. 

We
depend on intellectual property and our failure to protect that intellectual property could adversely affect our future growth and success. 

Failure
to protect our intellectual property rights may reduce our ability to prevent others from using our technology. We intend to rely on
a combination of patent, trade secret, trademark and copyright laws to protect our intellectual property. Patent protection is subject
to complex factual and legal criteria that may give rise to uncertainty as to the validity, scope and enforceability of a particular
patent. Accordingly, we cannot be assured that any patents owned by us or third party patents licensed to us will not be invalidated,
circumvented, challenged, rendered unenforceable, or licensed to others; or any of our pending or future patent applications will be
issued with the breadth of protection that we seek, if at all. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

In
addition, effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may be unavailable, limited, not applied for, or unenforceable
in foreign countries. 

We
also intend to protect our proprietary intellectual property through contracts including, when possible, confidentiality agreements and
inventors rights agreements with our customers and employees. We cannot be sure that the parties who enter into such agreements
with us will not breach them, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach or that such persons or institutions will not assert
rights to intellectual property arising out of these relationships. If necessary or desirable, we may seek licenses under the patents
or other intellectual property rights of others. However, we cannot be sure we will obtain such licenses or that the terms of any offered
licenses will be acceptable to us. Our failure to obtain a license from a third party for intellectual property we use in the future
could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to suspend the manufacture and shipment of products or our use of processes that
exploit such intellectual property. 

Our
involvement in intellectual property litigation could negatively affect our business. 

Our
future success and competitive position will depend in part on our ability to obtain or maintain the proprietary intellectual property
used in our principal products. In order to establish and maintain such a competitive position, we may need to prosecute claims against
others who we believe are infringing our rights and defend claims brought by others who believe we are infringing their rights. Our involvement
in intellectual property litigation could result in significant expense to us, adversely affect the sale of any products involved or
the use or licensing of related intellectual property and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel from their principal
responsibilities, regardless of whether such litigation is resolved in our favor. If we are found to be infringing on the intellectual
property rights of others, we may, among other things, be required to: pay substantial damages; cease the development, manufacture, use,
sale or importation of products that infringe on such intellectual property rights; discontinue processes incorporating the infringing
technology; expend significant resources to develop or acquire non-infringing intellectual property; or obtain licenses to the relevant
intellectual property. 

We
cannot offer any assurance we will prevail in any such intellectual property litigation or, if we were not to prevail in such litigation
that licenses to the intellectual property we are found to be infringing on would be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at
all. The cost of intellectual property litigation as well as the damages, licensing fees or royalties that we might be required to pay
could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

Our
products use flammable fuels that are inherently dangerous substances and could subject us to product liabilities. 

While
it is a key focus of management to develop and manufacture safe and reliable products, our financial results could be materially impacted
by accidents involving either our products or those of other fuel cell manufacturers, either because we face claims for damages or because
of the potential negative impact on demand for fuel cell products. Our products use hydrogen, which is typically generated from gaseous
and liquid fuels, such as propane, natural gas or methanol, in a process known as reforming. While our fuel cell products do not use
these fuels in a combustion process, natural gas, propane and other hydrocarbons are flammable fuels that could leak and then combust
if ignited by another source. In addition, certain of our OEM partners and customers may experience significant product liability claims.
As a supplier of products and systems to these OEMs, we face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the
event our products, or the equipment into which our products are incorporated, malfunction and result in personal injury or death. We
may be named in product liability claims even if there is no evidence our systems or components caused the accidents. Product liability
claims could result in significant losses from expenses incurred in defending claims or the award of damages. Since our products have
not yet gained widespread market acceptance, any accidents involving our systems, those of other fuel cell products or those used to
produce hydrogen could materially impede acceptance of our products. In addition, although our management believes our liability coverage
is currently adequate to cover these risks, we may be held responsible for damages beyond the scope of our insurance coverage. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

We
may not be able to complete the development of the necessary technology to commercialize our products, which would negatively impact
our business and our anticipated growth. 

Our
success will depend upon our products meeting acceptable cost and performance criteria, and upon their timely introduction into the marketplace.
Our product development efforts for pure hydrogen generation may be subject to unanticipated and significant delays, expenses and technical
or other problems, as well as the possible lack of funding to complete this development. Our proposed products and technologies may never
be successfully developed on a mass commercial scale, and even if developed, they may not perform to commercially acceptable standards.
We may experience delays in meeting our development milestones or delays in achieving performance goals relating to efficiency, cost-effectiveness,
reliability and service arrangements set by us or our customers. Failure to develop our products for production or significant delays
in the development of our products would have a material adverse effect on our relationship with potential customers, cause us to lose
business and cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

The
products we intend to market may not be accepted by the market . 

Our
success depends on the acceptance of the products we will market in the marketplace. Market acceptance will depend upon several factors,
including (i) the desire of consumers and corporations for the ability to use the products. A number of factors may inhibit acceptance
of the products, including (i) the existence of competing products, (ii) our inability to convince consumers that they need to pay for
the products and services we offer, (iii) our inability to convince corporations that they need to pay for the products and services
we offer or (iv) failure of individuals and corporations to use the products. If the products are not accepted by the market, we may
have to curtail our business operations, which could have a material negative effect on operating results and result in a lower stock
price. 

There
is significant competition in our market, which could make it difficult to attract customers, cause us to reduce prices and result in
reduced gross margins or loss of market share. 

The
market for the products and services is highly competitive, dynamic and subject to frequent technological changes. We expect the intensity
of competition and the pace of change to either remain the same or increase in the future. A number of companies may offer products that
provide the same or greater functionality than our product. We may not be able to maintain our competitive position against current or
potential competitors, especially those with significantly greater financial, marketing, service, support, technical and other resources.
Competitors with greater resources may be able to undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies
and make more attractive offers to potential employees, distributors, resellers or other strategic partners. We expect additional competition
from other established and emerging companies as the market for pure hydrogen products continues to develop. 

37 

 Table of Contents 

We
may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. 

We
will compete, in our current and proposed businesses, with other companies, some of which have far greater marketing and financial resources
and experience than we do. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to penetrate this market and be able to compete at a profit. In addition
to established competitors, other companies can easily enter our market and compete with us. Effective competition could result in price
reductions, reduced margins or have other negative implications, any of which could adversely affect our business and chances for success.
Competition is likely to increase significantly as new companies enter the market and current competitors expand their services. Many
of these potential competitors are likely to enjoy substantial competitive advantages, including: larger technical staffs, greater name
recognition, larger customer bases and substantially greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources. To be competitive,
we must respond promptly and effectively to the challenges of technological change, evolving standards and competitors innovations
by continuing to enhance our services and sales and marketing channels. Any pricing pressures, reduced margins or loss of market share
resulting from increased competition or our failure to compete effectively, could seriously damage our business and chances for success 

We
plan to grow very rapidly, which will place strains on management and other resources. 

We
plan to grow rapidly and significantly expand our operations. This growth will place a significant strain on management systems and resources.
We will not be able to implement our business strategy in a rapidly evolving market without an effective planning and management process,
and, to date, we have not implemented sophisticated managerial, operational and financial systems and controls. We may be required to
manage multiple relationships with various strategic partners, technology licensors, users, advertisers and other third parties. These
requirements will be strained in the event of rapid growth or in the number of third party relationships, and our systems, procedures
or controls may not be adequate to support our operations and management may be unable to manage growth effectively. To manage our expected
growth, we will be required to significantly improve or replace existing managerial, financial and operational systems, procedures and
controls, and to expand, train and manage our intended growing employee base. We will be required to expand our finance, administrative
and operations staff. We may be unable to complete in a timely manner the improvements to our systems, procedures and controls necessary
to support future operations, management may be unable to hire, train, retain, motivate and manage required personnel and management
may be unable to successfully identify, manage and exploit existing and potential market opportunities. 

If
we do not continually introduce new products or enhance our current technology, it may become obsolete and we may not be able to compete
with other companies. 

Technology
is rapidly evolving. Our ability to compete depends on our ability to develop or license new technologies and products as well as our
ability market our current licensed products and our services. We may not be able to keep pace with technological advances and products
may become obsolete. In addition, our competitors may develop related or similar products and bring them to market before we do, or do
so more successfully, or develop technologies and products more effective than any that we have developed or are developing. If that
happens, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 

If
we do not succeed in our expansion strategy, we may not achieve the results we project. 

Our
business strategy is designed to develop and market our technology. Our ability to implement our plans will depend primarily on the success
of our continuing research and development, our ability to manufacture and market a finished product, the ability to attract customers
and the availability of qualified and cost effective sales personnel. We can give you no assurance that any of our expansion plans will
be successful or that we will be able to commercialize our technology. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

Economic
conditions could materially adversely affect our business . 

Our
operations and performance depend to some degree on economic conditions and their impact on levels of consumer spending, which have recently
deteriorated significantly in many countries and regions, including the regions in which we operate, and may remain depressed for the
foreseeable future. For example, some of the factors that could influence the levels of consumer spending include continuing increases
in fuel and other energy costs, conditions in the residential real estate and mortgage markets, labor and healthcare costs, access to
credit, consumer confidence and other macroeconomic factors affecting consumer spending behavior. These and other economic factors could
have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and on our financial condition and operating results. 

Changes
in environmental laws and regulations, potential liability for environmental damages and related enforcement actions could adversely
impact our operations. 

Our
business is subject to numerous laws and regulations that govern environmental protection. These laws and regulations have changed frequently
in the past and it is reasonable to expect additional changes in the future. Our operations may not comply with future laws and regulations
and we may be required to make significant unanticipated capital and operating expenditures. If we fail to comply with applicable environmental
laws and regulations, governmental authorities may seek to impose fines and penalties on us or to revoke or deny the issuance or renewal
of operating permits and private parties may seek damages from us. Under those circumstances, we might be required to curtail or cease
operations, conduct site remediation or other corrective action or pay substantial damage claims. Our business also exposes us to the
risk of accidental release of hazardous or flammable materials, such as natural gas and hydrogen, which could result in personal injury
or damage to property. Depending on the nature of the claim, we may not have sufficient funds or sufficient insurance, which we intend
to obtain to cover the costs incurred in settling environmental damage claims. 

Environmental,
Social Governance ESG 

Environmental,
social, and corporate governance, also known as environmental, social, governance, is a framework designed to be embedded into an organization s
strategy that considers the needs and ways in which to generate value for all organizational stakeholders. Cycle Group of Companies strive
to remain ESG compliant and has a long history working within ESG frameworks in Canada working with Indigenous and socially impacted
communities. Cycle Group of companies is an equal opportunity employer that also maintains a corporate strategy of living wage for all
employees and contractors. A living wage is defined as the minimum income necessary for a worker to meet their basic needs. 

Declines
in oil and, to a lesser extent, NGL and natural gas prices, have in the past, and will continue in the future, to adversely affect our
business, financial condition or results of operations and our ability to meet our capital expenditure obligations or targets and financial
commitments. 

The
price we receive for our oil and, to a lesser extent, natural gas and NGLs, heavily influences our revenue, profitability, cash flows,
liquidity, access to capital, present value and quality of our reserves, the nature and scale of our operations and future rate of growth.
Oil, NGL and natural gas are commodities and, therefore, their prices are subject to wide fluctuations in response to relatively minor
changes in supply and demand. In recent years, the markets for oil and natural gas have been volatile. These markets will likely continue
to be volatile in the future. Further, oil prices and natural gas prices do not necessarily fluctuate in direct relation to each other.
Because approximately 72 of our estimated proved reserves as of December 31, 2022 were oil, our financial results are more sensitive
to movements in oil prices. The price of crude oil has experienced significant volatility over the last five years, with the price per
barrel of West Texas Intermediate WTI crude rising from a low of 42 in June 2017 to a high of 76 in October
2018, then, in 2020, dropping below 20 per barrel due in part to reduced global demand stemming from the global COVID-19 outbreak, and
surging to over 120 a barrel in early March 2022, following Russia s invasion of the Ukraine. A prolonged period of low market
prices for oil and natural gas, or further declines in the market prices for oil and natural gas, will likely result in capital expenditures
being further curtailed and will adversely affect our business, financial condition and liquidity and our ability to meet obligations,
targets or financial commitments and could ultimately lead to restructuring or filing for bankruptcy, which would have a material adverse
effect on our stock price and indebtedness. Additionally, lower oil and natural gas prices have, and may in the future, cause, a decline
in our stock price. The below table highlights the recent volatility in oil and gas prices by summarizing the high and low daily NYMEX
WTI oil spot price and daily NYMEX natural gas Henry Hub spot price for the periods presented: 

Daily NYMEX WTI oil spot price (per Bbl) 
 Daily NYMEX natural gas Henry Hub spot price (per MMBtu) 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2019 
 66.24 
 46.31 
 4.25 
 1.75 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 63.27 
 (36.98 
 3.14 
 1.33 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 85.64 
 47.47 
 23.86 
 2.43 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 
 123.64 
 71.05 
 9.85 
 3.46 
 
 Quarter ended March 31, 2023 
 81.62 
 66.61 
 3.78 
 1.93 

39 

 Table of Contents 

We
have a limited operating history, have incurred net losses in the past and may incur net losses in the future 

We
have a limited operating history and are engaged in the initial stages of exploration, development and exploitation of our leasehold
acreage and will continue to be so until commencement of substantial production from our oil and natural gas properties, which will depend
upon successful drilling results, additional and timely capital funding, and access to suitable infrastructure. Companies in their initial
stages of development face substantial business risks and may suffer significant losses. We have generated substantial net losses in
the past and may continue to incur net losses as we continue our drilling program. In considering an investment in our common stock,
you should consider that there is only limited historical and financial operating information available upon which to base your evaluation
of our performance. We had an accumulated deficit of 23,115,376 as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, we may be dependent on obtaining
additional debt and/or equity financing to roll-out and scale our planned principal business operations. Management s plans in
regard to these matters consist principally of seeking additional debt and/or equity financing combined with expected cash flows from
current oil and gas assets held and additional oil and gas assets that we may acquire. Our efforts may not be successful, and funds may
not be available on favorable terms, if at all. 

We
face challenges and uncertainties in financial planning as a result of the unavailability of historical data and uncertainties regarding
the nature, scope and results of our future activities. New companies must develop successful business relationships, establish operating
procedures, hire staff, install management information and other systems, establish facilities and obtain licenses, as well as take other
measures necessary to conduct their intended business activities. We may not be successful in implementing our business strategies or
in completing the development of the infrastructure necessary to conduct our business as planned. In the event that one or more of our
drilling programs is not completed or is delayed or terminated, our operating results will be adversely affected and our operations will
differ materially from the activities described in this Annual Report and our subsequent periodic reports. As a result of industry factors
or factors relating specifically to us, we may have to change our methods of conducting business, which may cause a material adverse
effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The uncertainty and risks described in this Annual Report may impede our
ability to economically find, develop, exploit, and acquire oil and natural gas reserves. As a result, we may not be able to achieve
or sustain profitability or positive cash flows provided by our operating activities in the future. 

Our
industry and the broader US economy have experienced higher than expected inflationary pressures in 2022, related to continued supply
chain disruptions, labor shortages and geopolitical instability. Should these conditions persist our business, results of operations
and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

Year
2022 saw significant increases in the costs of certain services and materials, including steel, sand and fuel, as a result of availability
constraints, supply chain disruption, increased demand, labor shortages associated with a fully employed US labor force, high inflation,
interest rates and other factors, with supply and demand fundamentals being further aggravated by disruptions in global energy supply
caused by multiple geopolitical events, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Service and materials costs also increased
accordingly through 2022 with general supply chain and inflation issues seen throughout the industry leading to increased operating costs.
While the Company is cautiously optimistic that such costs have plateaued and will hold at current levels as we have not seen significant
cost increases thus far in 2023, supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures may continue to adversely impact our operating costs
and may negatively impact our ability to procure materials and equipment in a timely and cost-effective manner, if at all, which could
result in reduced margins and production delays and, as a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
could be materially and adversely affected. 

40 

 Table of Contents 

The
conflict in Ukraine and related price volatility and geopolitical instability could negatively impact our business . 

In
late February 2022, Russia launched significant military action against Ukraine. The conflict has caused, and could intensify, volatility
in natural gas, oil and NGL prices, and the extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions could
be significant and could potentially have a substantial negative impact on the global economy and/or our business for an unknown period
of time. We believe that the increase in crude oil prices during the first half of 2022 was partially due to the impact of the conflict
between Russia and Ukraine on the global commodity and financial markets, and in response to economic and trade sanctions that certain
countries have imposed on Russia. Any such volatility and disruptions may also magnify the impact of other risks described under Risk
Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report. 

We
have been and may continue to be negatively impacted by inflation. 

Increases
in inflation have had an adverse effect on us. Current and future inflationary effects may be driven by, among other things, supply chain
disruptions and governmental stimulus or fiscal policies, and geopolitical instability, including the ongoing conflict between the Ukraine
and Russia. Continuing increases in inflation, have in the past, and could in the future, impact our costs of labor, equipment and services
and the margins we are able to realize on our wells, all of which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial position, results
of operations and cash flows. Inflation has also resulted in higher interest rates, which in turn raises our cost of debt borrowing. 

Economic
uncertainty may affect our access to capital and/or increase the costs of such capital. 

Global
economic conditions continue to be volatile and uncertain due to, among other things, consumer confidence in future economic conditions,
fears of recession and trade wars, the price of energy, fluctuating interest rates, the availability and cost of consumer credit, the
availability and timing of government stimulus programs, levels of unemployment, increased inflation, and tax rates. These conditions
remain unpredictable and create uncertainties about our ability to raise capital in the future. In the event required capital becomes
unavailable in the future, or more costly, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition. 

We
may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to meet debt service and other obligations due to events beyond our control. 

Our
ability to generate cash flows from operations, to make payments on or refinance indebtedness and to fund working capital needs and planned
capital expenditures will depend on our future financial performance and our ability to generate cash in the future. Our future financial
performance will be affected by a range of economic, financial, competitive, business and other factors that we cannot control, such
as general economic, legislative, regulatory and financial conditions in our industry, the economy generally, the price of oil and other
risks described below. A significant reduction in operating cash flows resulting from changes in economic, legislative or regulatory
conditions, increased competition or other events beyond our control could increase the need for additional or alternative sources of
liquidity and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and our ability
to service debt and other obligations. If we are unable to service indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may be forced
to adopt an alternative strategy that may include actions such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring
or refinancing such indebtedness, seeking additional capital, or any combination of the foregoing. If we raise debt, it would increase
our interest expense, leverage and our operating and financial costs. We cannot assure you that any of these alternative strategies could
be affected on satisfactory terms, if at all, or that they would yield sufficient funds to make required payments on future potential
indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. Reducing or delaying capital expenditures or selling assets could delay future cash
flows. In addition, the terms of future debt agreements may restrict us from adopting any of these alternatives. We cannot assure you
that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that future borrowings will be available in an amount sufficient
to enable us to pay such indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. 

41 

 Table of Contents 

If
for any reason we are unable to meet our debt service and repayment obligations, we may be in default under the terms of the agreements
governing such indebtedness, which could allow our creditors at that time to declare such outstanding indebtedness to be due and payable.
Under these circumstances, our lenders could compel us to apply all of our available cash to repay our borrowings. In addition, the lenders
under our credit facilities or other secured indebtedness could seek to foreclose on any of our assets that are their collateral. If
the amounts outstanding under such indebtedness were to be accelerated, or were the subject of foreclosure actions, our assets may not
be sufficient to repay in full the money owed to the lenders or to our other debt holders. 

Risks
Associated with Oil and Gas Industry. 

A
substantial decline in crude oil and condensate, NGLs and natural gas prices would reduce our operating results and cash flows and could
adversely impact the carrying value of our assets. 

The
markets for crude oil and condensate, NGLs and natural gas have been volatile and are likely to continue to be volatile in the future,
causing prices to fluctuate widely. Our revenues and operating results are highly dependent on the prices we receive for our crude oil
and condensate, NGLs and natural gas. Many of the factors influencing prices of crude oil and condensate, NGLs and natural gas are beyond
our control. These factors include: 

worldwide
 and domestic supplies of and demand for crude oil and condensate, NGLs and natural gas; 

the
 cost of exploring for, developing and producing crude oil and condensate, NGLs and natural gas; 

the
 ability of the members of OPEC+ to agree to and maintain production controls; 

the
 production levels of non-OPEC countries, including production levels in the shale plays in the United States; 

the
 level of drilling, completion and production activities by other exploration and production companies, and variability therein, in
 response to market conditions; 

political
 instability or armed conflict in oil and natural gas producing regions, such as the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 

changes
 in weather patterns and climate; 

natural
 disasters such as hurricanes and tornadoes; 

the
 price and availability of alternative and competing forms of energy, such as nuclear, hydroelectric, wind and solar; 

the
 effect of conservation efforts; 

epidemics
 or pandemics, including COVID-19; 

technological
 advances affecting energy consumption and energy supply; 

domestic
 and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; and 

general
 economic conditions worldwide. 

The
long-term effects of these and other factors on the prices of crude oil and condensate, NGLs and natural gas are uncertain. Historical
declines in commodity prices have adversely affected our business by: 

reducing
 the amount of crude oil and condensate, NGLs and natural gas that we can produce economically; 

reducing
 our revenues, operating income and cash flows; 

causing
 us to reduce our capital expenditures, and delay or postpone some of our capital projects; 

requiring
 us to impair the carrying value of our assets; 

reducing
 the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to crude oil and condensate, NGLs and natural gas; and 

increasing
 the costs of obtaining capital, such as equity and short- and long-term debt. 

Our
operations may be adversely affected by pipeline, rail and other transportation capacity constraints. 

The
marketability of our production depends in part on the availability, proximity and capacity of gathering and transportation pipeline
facilities, rail cars, trucks and vessels. These facilities and equipment may be temporarily unavailable to us due to market conditions,
regulatory reasons, mechanical reasons or other factors or conditions, and may not be available to us in the future on terms we consider
acceptable, if at all. If any pipelines, rail cars, trucks or vessels become unavailable, we would, to the extent possible, be required
to find a suitable alternative to transport our crude oil and condensate, NGLs and natural gas, which could increase the costs and/or
reduce the revenues we might obtain from the sale of our production. A pipeline shutdown could also have an impact on safety because
it would require the use of additional trucks, rail cars and personnel. In addition, both the cost and availability of pipelines, rail
cars, trucks or vessels to transport our production could be adversely impacted by new state or federal regulations relating to transportation
of crude oil. Any significant change in market, regulatory or other conditions affecting our access to, or the availability of, these
facilities and equipment, including due to our failure or inability to obtain access to these facilities and equipment on terms acceptable
to us or at all, could materially and adversely affect our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. 

42 

 Table of Contents 

Future
exploration and drilling results are uncertain and involve substantial costs. 

Drilling
for crude oil and condensate, NGLs and natural gas involves numerous risks, including the risk that we may not encounter commercially
productive reservoirs. The costs of drilling, completing and operating wells are often uncertain, and drilling operations may be curtailed,
delayed or canceled as a result of a variety of factors, including: 

unexpected
 drilling conditions; 

title
 problems; 

pressure
 or irregularities in formations; 

equipment
 failures or accidents; 

inflation
 in exploration and drilling costs; 

fires,
 explosions, blowouts or surface cratering; 

lack
 of, or disruption in, access to pipelines or other transportation methods; and 

shortages
 or delays in the availability of services or delivery of equipment. 

Drilling
for and producing oil and natural gas are highly speculative and involve a high degree of risk, with many uncertainties that could adversely
affect our business. We have not recorded significant proved reserves, and areas that we decide to drill may not yield oil or natural
gas in commercial quantities or at all. 

Exploring
for and developing hydrocarbon reserves involves a high degree of operational and financial risk, which precludes us from definitively
predicting the costs involved and time required to reach certain objectives. Our potential drilling locations are in various stages of
evaluation, ranging from locations that are ready to drill, to locations that will require substantial additional interpretation before
they can be drilled. The budgeted costs of planning, drilling, completing and operating wells are often exceeded, and such costs can
increase significantly due to various complications that may arise during the drilling and operating processes. Before a well is spudded,
we may incur significant geological and geophysical (seismic) costs, which are incurred whether a well eventually produces commercial
quantities of hydrocarbons or is drilled at all. Exploration wells bear a much greater risk of loss than development wells. The analogies
we draw from available data from other wells, more fully explored locations or producing fields may not be applicable to our drilling
locations. If our actual drilling and development costs are significantly more than our estimated costs, we may not be able to continue
our operations as proposed and could be forced to modify our drilling plans accordingly. 

If
we decide to drill a certain location, there is a risk that no commercially productive oil or natural gas reservoirs will be found or
produced. We may drill or participate in new wells that are not productive. We may drill wells that are productive, but that do not produce
sufficient net revenues to return a profit after drilling, operating and other costs. There is no way to predict in advance of drilling
and testing whether any particular location will yield oil or natural gas in sufficient quantities to recover exploration, drilling or
completion costs or to be economically viable. Even if sufficient amounts of oil or natural gas exist, we may damage the potentially
productive hydrocarbon-bearing formation or experience mechanical difficulties while drilling or completing the well, resulting in a
reduction in production and reserves from the well or abandonment of the well. Whether a well is ultimately productive and profitable
depends on a number of additional factors, including the following: 

general
 economic and industry conditions, including the prices received for oil and natural gas; 

shortages
 of, or delays in, obtaining equipment, including hydraulic fracturing equipment, and qualified personnel; 

potential
 significant water production which could make a producing well uneconomic; 

potential
 drainage by operators on adjacent properties; 

43 

 Table of Contents 

loss
 of, or damage to, oilfield development and service tools; 

problems
 with title to the underlying properties; 

increases
 in severance taxes; 

adverse
 weather conditions that delay drilling activities or cause producing wells to be shut down; 

domestic
 and foreign governmental regulations; and 

proximity
 to and capacity of transportation facilities. 

If
we do not drill productive and profitable wells in the future, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
and adversely affected. 

Our
success is dependent on the prices of oil, NGLs and natural gas. Low oil or natural gas prices and the substantial volatility in these
prices have adversely affected, and are expected to continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition and results of operations
and our ability to meet our capital expenditure requirements and financial obligations. 

The
prices we receive for our oil, NGLs and natural gas heavily influence our revenue, profitability, cash flow available for capital expenditures,
access to capital and future rate of growth. Oil, NGLs and natural gas are commodities and, therefore, their prices are subject to wide
fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in supply and demand. Historically, the commodities market has been volatile. For
example, the price of crude oil has experienced significant volatility over the last five years, with the price per barrel of West Texas
Intermediate WTI crude rising from a low of 42 in June 2017 to a high of 76 in October 2018, then, in 2020,
dropping below 20 per barrel due in part to reduced global demand stemming from the global COVID-19 outbreak, and surging to over 120
a barrel in early March 2022, following Russia s invasion of the Ukraine. Prices for natural gas and NGLs experienced declines
of similar magnitude. An extended period of continued lower oil prices, or additional price declines, will have further adverse effects
on us. The prices we receive for our production, and the levels of our production, will continue to depend on numerous factors, including
the following: 

the
 domestic and foreign supply of oil, NGLs and natural gas; 

the
 domestic and foreign demand for oil, NGLs and natural gas; 

the
 prices and availability of competitors supplies of oil, NGLs and natural gas; 

the
 actions of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, or OPEC, and state-controlled oil companies relating to oil price and
 production controls; 

the
 price and quantity of foreign imports of oil, NGLs and natural gas; 

the
 impact of U.S. dollar exchange rates on oil, NGLs and natural gas prices; 

domestic
 and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; 

speculative
 trading of oil, NGLs and natural gas futures contracts; 

44 

 Table of Contents 

localized
 supply and demand fundamentals, including the availability, proximity and capacity of gathering and transportation systems for natural
 gas; 

the
 availability of refining capacity; 

the
 prices and availability of alternative fuel sources; 

the
 threat, or perceived threat, or results, of viral pandemics, for example, as experienced with the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and 2021; 

weather
 conditions and natural disasters; 

political
 conditions in or affecting oil, NGLs and natural gas producing regions and/or pipelines, including in Eastern Europe, the Middle
 East and South America, for example, as experienced with the Russian invasion of the Ukraine in February 2022, which conflict is
 ongoing; 

the
 continued threat of terrorism and the impact of military action and civil unrest; 

public
 pressure on, and legislative and regulatory interest within, federal, state and local governments to stop, significantly limit or
 regulate hydraulic fracturing activities; 

the
 level of global oil, NGL and natural gas inventories and exploration and production activity; 

authorization
 of exports from the Unites States of liquefied natural gas; 

the
 impact of energy conservation efforts; 

technological
 advances affecting energy consumption; and 

overall
 worldwide economic conditions. 

Declines
in oil, NGL or natural gas prices have not, and will not, only reduce our revenue, but have and will reduce the amount of oil, NGL and
natural gas that we can produce economically. Should natural gas, NGL or oil prices decline from current levels and remain there for
an extended period of time, we may choose to shut-in our operated wells, delay some or all of our exploration and development plans for
our prospects, or to cease exploration or development activities on certain prospects due to the anticipated unfavorable economics from
such activities, and, as a result, we may have to make substantial downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves, each of which
would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Future
conditions might require us to incur impairments or make write-downs in our assets, which would adversely affect our balance sheet and
results of operations. 

We
review our long-lived tangible and intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of an asset may not be recoverable. In the future we may be required to impair our assets and we would then be required to write-off
all or a portion of our costs for such assets. Future significant write-offs would adversely affect our balance sheet and results of
operations. 

45 

 Table of Contents 

Declining
general economic, business or industry conditions have, and will continue to have, a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
liquidity and financial condition, and are expected to continue having a material adverse effect for the foreseeable future. 

Concerns
over global economic conditions, the duration and effects of future pandemics, and the results thereof, energy costs, geopolitical issues
(including, but not limited to the current Ukraine/Russia conflict), inflation, increasing interest rates and the availability and cost
of credit have contributed to increased economic uncertainty and diminished expectations for the global economy. These factors, combined
with volatile prices of oil and natural gas, and declining business and consumer confidence, have precipitated an economic slowdown,
which could expand to a recession or global depression. If the economic climate in the United States or abroad deteriorates, demand for
petroleum products could diminish, which could further impact the price at which we can sell our oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids,
affect the ability of our vendors, suppliers and customers to continue operations, and ultimately adversely impact our results of operations,
liquidity and financial condition to a greater extent that it has already. 

Our
exploration, development and exploitation projects require substantial capital expenditures that may exceed cash on hand, cash flows
from operations and potential borrowings, and we may be unable to obtain needed capital on satisfactory terms, which could adversely
affect our future growth. 

Our
exploration and development activities are capital intensive. We make and expect to continue to make substantial capital expenditures
in our business for the development, exploitation, production and acquisition of oil and natural gas reserves. Our cash on hand, our
operating cash flows and future potential borrowings may not be adequate to fund our future acquisitions or future capital expenditure
requirements. The rate of our future growth may be dependent, at least in part, on our ability to access capital at rates and on terms
we determine to be acceptable. 

Our
cash flows from operations and access to capital are subject to a number of variables, including: 

our
 estimated proved oil and natural gas reserves; 

the
 amount of oil and natural gas we produce from existing wells; 

the
 prices at which we sell our production; 

the
 costs of developing and producing our oil and natural gas reserves; 

our
 ability to acquire, locate and produce new reserves; 

the
 general state of the economy; 

the
 ability and willingness of banks to lend to us; and 

our
 ability to access the equity and debt capital markets. 

In
addition, future events, such as terrorist attacks, wars, threat of wars, or combat peace-keeping missions, financial market disruptions,
general economic recessions, oil and natural gas industry recessions, large company bankruptcies, accounting scandals, pandemic diseases,
overstated reserves estimates by major public oil companies and disruptions in the financial and capital markets have caused financial
institutions, credit rating agencies and the public to more closely review the financial statements, capital structures and earnings
of public companies, including energy companies. Such events have constrained the capital available to the energy industry in the past,
and such events or similar events could adversely affect our access to funding for our operations in the future. 

46 

 Table of Contents 

If
our revenues decrease as a result of lower oil and natural gas prices, operating difficulties, declines in reserves or for any other
reason, we may have limited ability to obtain the capital necessary to sustain our operations at current levels, further develop and
exploit our current properties or invest in additional exploration opportunities. Alternatively, a significant improvement in oil and
natural gas prices or other factors could result in an increase in our capital expenditures, and we may be required to alter or increase
our capitalization substantially through the issuance of debt or equity securities, the sale of production payments, the sale or farm
out of interests in our assets, the borrowing of funds or otherwise to meet any increase in capital needs. If we are unable to raise
additional capital from available sources at acceptable terms, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected. Further, future debt financings may require that a portion of our cash flows provided by operating activities be used for the
payment of principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing our ability to use cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures
and acquisitions. Debt financing may involve covenants that restrict our business activities. If we succeed in selling additional equity
securities to raise funds, at such time the ownership percentage of our existing stockholders would be diluted, and new investors may
demand rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders. If we choose to farm-out interests in our prospects,
we may lose operating control over such prospects. 

Our
oil and natural gas reserves are estimated and may not reflect the actual volumes of oil and natural gas we will receive, and significant
inaccuracies in these reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves. 

The
process of estimating accumulations of oil and natural gas is complex and is not exact, due to numerous inherent uncertainties. The process
relies on interpretations of available geological, geophysical, engineering and production data. The extent, quality and reliability
of this technical data can vary. The process also requires certain economic assumptions related to, among other things, oil and natural
gas prices, drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures, taxes and availability of funds. The accuracy of a reserves estimate
is a function of: 

the
 quality and quantity of available data; 

the
 interpretation of that data; 

the
 judgment of the persons preparing the estimate; and 

the
 accuracy of the assumptions. 

The
accuracy of any estimates of proved reserves generally increases with the length of the production history. Due to the limited production
history of our properties, the estimates of future production associated with these properties may be subject to greater variance to
actual production than would be the case with properties having a longer production history. As our wells produce over time and more
data is available, the estimated proved reserves will be re-determined on at least an annual basis and may be adjusted to reflect new
information based upon our actual production history, results of exploration and development, prevailing oil and natural gas prices and
other factors. 

Actual
future production, oil and natural gas prices, revenues, taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses and quantities of recoverable
oil and natural gas most likely will vary from our estimates. It is possible that future production declines in our wells may be greater
than we have estimated. Any significant variance to our estimates could materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves. 

We
may have accidents, equipment failures or mechanical problems while drilling or completing wells or in production activities, which could
adversely affect our business. 

While
we are drilling and completing wells or involved in production activities, we may have accidents or experience equipment failures or
mechanical problems in a well that cause us to be unable to drill and complete the well or to continue to produce the well according
to our plans. We may also damage a potentially hydrocarbon-bearing formation during drilling and completion operations. Such incidents
may result in a reduction of our production and reserves from the well or in abandonment of the well. 

47 

 Table of Contents 

Our
operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions for which we may not be adequately insured. 

There
are numerous operational hazards inherent in oil and natural gas exploration, development, production and gathering, including: 

unusual
 or unexpected geologic formations; 

natural
 disasters; 

adverse
 weather conditions; 

unanticipated
 pressures; 

loss
 of drilling fluid circulation; 

blowouts
 where oil or natural gas flows uncontrolled at a wellhead; 

cratering
 or collapse of the formation; 

pipe
 or cement leaks, failures or casing collapses; 

fires
 or explosions; 

releases
 of hazardous substances or other waste materials that cause environmental damage; 

pressures
 or irregularities in formations; and 

equipment
 failures or accidents. 

In
addition, there is an inherent risk of incurring significant environmental costs and liabilities in the performance of our operations,
some of which may be material, due to our handling of petroleum hydrocarbons and wastes, our emissions to air and water, the underground
injection or other disposal of our wastes, the use of hydraulic fracturing fluids and historical industry operations and waste disposal
practices. 

Any
of these or other similar occurrences could result in the disruption or impairment of our operations, substantial repair costs, personal
injury or loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution and substantial revenue losses. The location of
our wells, gathering systems, pipelines and other facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers
and industrial sites, could significantly increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. Insurance against all operational
risks is not available to us. We are not fully insured against all risks, including development and completion risks that are generally
not recoverable from third parties or insurance. In addition, pollution and environmental risks generally are not fully insurable. With
respect to our other non-operated assets, we may elect not to obtain insurance if we believe that the cost of available insurance is
excessive relative to the perceived risks presented. Losses could, therefore, occur for uninsurable or uninsured risks or in amounts
in excess of existing insurance coverage. Moreover, insurance may not be available in the future at commercially reasonable prices or
on commercially reasonable terms. Changes in the insurance markets due to various factors may make it more difficult for us to obtain
certain types of coverage in the future. As a result, we may not be able to obtain the levels or types of insurance we would otherwise
have obtained prior to these market changes, and the insurance coverage we do obtain may not cover certain hazards or all potential losses
that are currently covered and may be subject to large deductibles. Losses and liabilities from uninsured and underinsured events and
delays in the payment of insurance proceeds could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

48 

 Table of Contents 

Unless
we replace our oil and natural gas reserves, our reserves and production will decline, which will adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

The
rate of production from our oil and natural gas properties will decline as our reserves are depleted. Our future oil and natural gas
reserves and production and, therefore, our income and cash flow, are highly dependent on our success in (a) efficiently developing and
exploiting our current reserves on properties owned by us or by other persons or entities and (b) economically finding or acquiring additional
oil and natural gas producing properties. In the future, we may have difficulty acquiring new properties. During periods of low oil and/or
natural gas prices, it will become more difficult to raise the capital necessary to finance expansion activities. If we are unable to
replace our production, our reserves will decrease, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely
affected. 

Our
strategy includes acquisitions of oil and natural gas properties, and our failure to identify or complete future acquisitions successfully,
or not produce projected revenues associated with the future acquisitions could reduce our earnings and hamper our growth. 

We
may be unable to identify properties for acquisition or to make acquisitions on terms that we consider economically acceptable. There
is intense competition for acquisition opportunities in our industry. Competition for acquisitions may increase the cost of, or cause
us to refrain from, completing acquisitions. The completion and pursuit of acquisitions may be dependent upon, among other things, our
ability to obtain debt and equity financing and, in some cases, regulatory approvals. Our ability to grow through acquisitions will require
us to continue to invest in operations, financial and management information systems and to attract, retain, motivate and effectively
manage our employees. The inability to manage the integration of acquisitions effectively could reduce our focus on subsequent acquisitions
and current operations and could negatively impact our results of operations and growth potential. Our financial position and results
of operations may fluctuate significantly from period to period as a result of the completion of significant acquisitions during particular
periods. If we are not successful in identifying or acquiring any material property interests, our earnings could be reduced and our
growth could be restricted. 

We
may engage in bidding and negotiating to complete successful acquisitions. We may be required to alter or increase substantially our
capitalization to finance these acquisitions through the use of cash on hand, the issuance of debt or equity securities, the sale of
production payments, the sale of non-strategic assets, the borrowing of funds or otherwise. If we were to proceed with one or more acquisitions
involving the issuance of our common stock, our stockholders would suffer dilution of their interests. Furthermore, our decision to acquire
properties that are substantially different in operating or geologic characteristics or geographic locations from areas with which our
staff is familiar may impact our productivity in such areas. 

We
may not be able to produce the projected revenues related to future acquisitions. There are many assumptions related to the projection
of the revenues of future acquisitions including, but not limited to, drilling success, oil and natural gas prices, production decline
curves and other data. If revenues from future acquisitions do not meet projections, this could adversely affect our business and financial
condition. 

We
may purchase oil and natural gas properties with liabilities or risks that we did not know about or that we did not assess correctly,
and, as a result, we could be subject to liabilities that could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Before
acquiring oil and natural gas properties, we estimate the reserves, future oil and natural gas prices, operating costs, potential environmental
liabilities and other factors relating to the properties. However, our review involves many assumptions and estimates, and their accuracy
is inherently uncertain. As a result, we may not discover all existing or potential problems associated with the properties we buy. We
may not become sufficiently familiar with the properties to assess fully their deficiencies and capabilities. We do not generally perform
inspections on every well or property, and we may not be able to observe mechanical and environmental problems even when we conduct an
inspection. The seller may not be willing or financially able to give us contractual protection against any identified problems, and
we may decide to assume environmental and other liabilities in connection with properties we acquire. If we acquire properties with risks
or liabilities we did not know about or that we did not assess correctly, our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be adversely affected as we settle claims and incur cleanup costs related to these liabilities. 

49 

 Table of Contents 

We
may incur losses or costs as a result of title deficiencies in the properties in which we invest. 

If
an examination of the title history of a property that we have purchased reveals an oil and natural gas lease has been purchased in error
from a person who is not the owner of the property, our interest would be worthless. In such an instance, the amount paid for such oil
and natural gas lease as well as any royalties paid pursuant to the terms of the lease prior to the discovery of the title defect would
be lost. 

Prior
to the drilling of an oil and natural gas well, it is the normal practice in the oil and natural gas industry for the person or company
acting as the operator of the well to obtain a preliminary title review of the spacing unit within which the proposed oil and natural
gas well is to be drilled to ensure there are no obvious deficiencies in title to the well. Frequently, as a result of such examinations,
certain curative work must be done to correct deficiencies in the marketability of the title, and such curative work entails expense.
Our failure to cure any title defects may adversely impact our ability in the future to increase production and reserves. In the future,
we may suffer a monetary loss from title defects or title failure. Additionally, unproved and unevaluated acreage has greater risk of
title defects than developed acreage. If there are any title defects or defects in assignment of leasehold rights in properties in which
we hold an interest, we will suffer a financial loss which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
unavailability or high cost of drilling rigs, completion equipment and services, supplies and personnel, including hydraulic fracturing
equipment and personnel, could adversely affect our ability to establish and execute exploration and development plans within budget
and on a timely basis, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Shortages
or the high cost of drilling rigs, completion equipment and services, supplies or personnel could delay or adversely affect our operations.
When drilling activity in the United States increases, associated costs typically also increase, including those costs related to drilling
rigs, equipment, supplies and personnel and the services and products of other vendors to the industry. These costs may increase, and
necessary equipment and services may become unavailable to us at economical prices. Should this increase in costs occur, we may delay
drilling activities, which may limit our ability to establish and replace reserves, or we may incur these higher costs, which may negatively
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In
addition, in the past, the demand for hydraulic fracturing services has exceeded the availability of fracturing equipment and crews across
the industry and in our operating areas in particular. The accelerated wear and tear of hydraulic fracturing equipment due to its deployment
in unconventional oil and natural gas fields characterized by longer lateral lengths and larger numbers of fracturing stages may further
amplify this equipment and crew shortage. Although we believe there is currently sufficient supply of hydraulic fracturing services,
if demand for fracturing services increases or the supply of fracturing equipment and crews decreases, then higher costs could result
and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

50 

 Table of Contents 

The
marketability of our production is dependent upon oil and natural gas gathering and transportation and storage facilities owned and operated
by third parties, and the unavailability of satisfactory oil and natural gas transportation arrangements have had a material adverse
effect on our revenue in the past and may again in the future. 

The
unavailability of satisfactory oil and natural gas transportation arrangements has in the past hindered our access to oil and natural
gas markets and has delayed production from our wells. The availability of a ready market for our oil and natural gas production depends
on a number of factors, including the demand for, and supply of, oil and natural gas and the proximity of reserves to pipelines, terminal
facilities and storage facilities. Our ability to market our production depends in substantial part on the availability and capacity
of gathering systems, pipelines and processing facilities owned and operated by third parties. Our failure to obtain these services on
acceptable terms has in the past, and could in the future, materially harm our business. In the past we have, and in the future, we may
be required to, shut-in wells for lack of a market or because of inadequacy or unavailability of pipeline or gathering system capacity.
When this occurs, we are unable to realize revenue from those wells until the market for oil and gas increases and/or until production
arrangements are made to deliver our production to market. Furthermore, we are obligated to pay shut-in royalties to certain mineral
interest owners in order to maintain our leases with respect to certain shut-in wells. We do not expect to purchase firm transportation
capacity on third-party facilities. Therefore, we expect the transportation of our production to be generally interruptible in nature
and lower in priority to those having firm transportation arrangements. 

The
disruption of third-party facilities due to maintenance and/or weather could negatively impact our ability to market and deliver our
products. The third parties control when or if such facilities are restored after disruption, and what prices will be charged
for products. Federal and state regulation of oil and natural gas production and transportation, tax and energy policies, changes in
supply and demand, pipeline pressures, damage to or destruction of pipelines and general economic conditions could adversely affect our
ability to produce, gather and transport oil and natural gas. 

An
increase in the differential between the NYMEX or other benchmark prices of oil and natural gas and the wellhead price we receive for
our production has adversely affected our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
prices that we will receive for our oil and natural gas production sometimes may reflect a discount to the relevant benchmark prices,
such as the New York Mercantile Exchange NYMEX ), that are used for calculating hedge positions. The difference
between the benchmark price and the prices we receive is called a differential. Increases in the differential between the benchmark prices
for oil and natural gas and the wellhead price we receive has recently adversely affected, and is anticipated to continue to adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We do not have, and may not have in the future, any derivative contracts
or hedging covering the amount of the basis differentials we experience in respect of our production. As such, we will be exposed to
any increase in such differentials. 

Competition
in the oil and natural gas industry is intense, making it difficult for us to acquire properties, market oil and natural gas and secure
trained personnel. 

Our
ability to acquire additional prospects and to find and develop reserves in the future will depend on our ability to evaluate and select
suitable properties and to consummate transactions in a highly competitive environment for acquiring properties, marketing oil and natural
gas and securing trained personnel. Also, there is substantial competition for capital available for investment in the oil and natural
gas industry. Many of our competitors possess and employ financial, technical and personnel resources substantially greater than ours,
and many of our competitors have more established presences in the United States than we have. Those companies may be able to pay more
for productive oil and natural gas properties and exploratory prospects and to evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties
and prospects than our financial or personnel resources permit. In addition, other companies may be able to offer better compensation
packages to attract and retain qualified personnel than we are able to offer. The cost to attract and retain qualified personnel has
increased in recent years due to competition and may increase substantially in the future. We may not be able to compete successfully
in the future in acquiring prospective reserves, developing reserves, marketing hydrocarbons, attracting and retaining quality personnel
and raising additional capital, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

51 

 Table of Contents 

Our
competitors may use superior technology and data resources that we may be unable to afford or that would require a costly investment
by us in order to compete with them more effectively. 

Our
industry is subject to rapid and significant advancements in technology, including the introduction of new products and services using
new technologies and databases. As our competitors use or develop new technologies, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage, and
competitive pressures may force us to implement new technologies at a substantial cost. In addition, many of our competitors will have
greater financial, technical and personnel resources that allow them to enjoy technological advantages and may in the future allow them
to implement new technologies before we can. We cannot be certain that we will be able to implement technologies on a timely basis or
at a cost that is acceptable to us. One or more of the technologies that we will use or that we may implement in the future may become
obsolete, and we may be adversely affected. 

If
we do not hedge our exposure to reductions in oil and natural gas prices, we may be subject to significant reductions in prices. Alternatively,
we may use oil and natural gas price hedging contracts, which involve credit risk and may limit future revenues from price increases
and result in significant fluctuations in our profitability. 

In
the event that we continue to choose not to hedge our exposure to reductions in oil and natural gas prices by purchasing futures and/or
by using other hedging strategies, we may be subject to a significant reduction in prices which could have a material negative impact
on our profitability. Alternatively, we may elect to use hedging transactions with respect to a portion of our oil and natural gas production
to achieve more predictable cash flow and to reduce our exposure to price fluctuations. While the use of hedging transactions limits
the downside risk of price declines, their use also may limit future revenues from price increases. Hedging transactions also involve
the risk that the counterparty may be unable to satisfy its obligations. 

Uncertainties
associated with enhanced recovery methods may result in us not realizing an acceptable return on our investments in such projects. 

Production
and reserves, if any, attributable to the use of enhanced recovery methods are inherently difficult to predict. If our enhanced recovery
methods do not allow for the extraction of crude oil, natural gas, and associated liquids in a manner or to the extent that we anticipate,
we may not realize an acceptable return on our investments in such projects. In addition, as proposed legislation and regulatory initiatives
relating to hydraulic fracturing become law, the cost of some of these enhanced recovery methods could increase substantially. 

Competition
for hydraulic fracturing services and water disposal could impede our ability to develop our oil and gas plays. 

The
unavailability or high cost of high-pressure pumping services (or hydraulic fracturing services), chemicals, proppant, water and water
disposal and related services and equipment could limit our ability to execute our exploration and development plans on a timely basis
and within our budget. The U.S. oil and natural gas industry is experiencing a growing emphasis on the exploitation and development of
shale natural gas and shale oil resource plays, which are dependent on hydraulic fracturing for economically successful development.
Hydraulic fracturing in oil and gas plays requires high pressure pumping service crews. A shortage of service crews or proppant, chemical,
water or water disposal options, could materially and adversely affect our operations and the timeliness of executing our development
plans within our budget. 

Our
operations are substantially dependent on the availability of water. Restrictions on our ability to obtain water may have an adverse
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Water
is an essential component of shale oil and natural gas production during both the drilling and hydraulic fracturing processes. Historically,
we have been able to purchase water from local land owners for use in our operations. When drought conditions occur, governmental authorities
may restrict the use of water subject to their jurisdiction for hydraulic fracturing to protect local water supplies. If we are unable
to obtain water to use in our operations from local sources or dispose of or recycle water used in operations, or if the price of water
or water disposal increases significantly, we may be unable to produce oil and natural gas economically, which could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

52 

 Table of Contents 

Improvements
in or new discoveries of alternative energy technologies could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations. 

Because
our operations depend on the demand for oil and used oil, any improvement in or new discoveries of alternative energy technologies (such
as wind, solar, geothermal, fuel cells and biofuels) that increase the use of alternative forms of energy and reduce the demand for oil,
gas and oil and gas related products could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We also face competition from competing energy sources, such as renewable energy sources. 

Competition
due to advances in renewable fuels may lessen the demand for our products and negatively impact our profitability. 

Alternatives
to petroleum-based products and production methods are continually under development. For example, a number of automotive, industrial
and power generation manufacturers are developing alternative clean power systems using fuel cells or clean-burning gaseous fuels that
may address increasing worldwide energy costs, the long-term availability of petroleum reserves and environmental concerns, which if
successful could lower the demand for oil and gas. If these non-petroleum-based products and oil alternatives continue to expand and
gain broad acceptance such that the overall demand for oil and gas is decreased, it could have an adverse effect on our operations and
the value of our assets. 

Future
litigation or governmental proceedings could result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or settlements. 

From
time to time, we are involved in lawsuits, regulatory inquiries and may be involved in governmental and other legal proceedings arising
out of the ordinary course of our business. Many of these matters raise difficult and complicated factual and legal issues and are subject
to uncertainties and complexities. The timing of the final resolutions to these types of matters is often uncertain. Additionally, the
possible outcomes or resolutions to these matters could include adverse judgments or settlements, either of which could require substantial
payments, adversely affecting our results of operations and liquidity. 

We
may be subject in the normal course of business to judicial, administrative or other third-party proceedings that could interrupt or
limit our operations, require expensive remediation, result in adverse judgments, settlements or fines and create negative publicity. 

Governmental
agencies may, among other things, impose fines or penalties on us relating to the conduct of our business, attempt to revoke or deny
renewal of our operating permits, franchises or licenses for violations or alleged violations of environmental laws or regulations or
as a result of third-party challenges, require us to install additional pollution control equipment or require us to remediate potential
environmental problems relating to any real property that we or our predecessors ever owned, leased or operated or any waste that we
or our predecessors ever collected, transported, disposed of or stored. Individuals, citizens groups, trade associations or environmental
activists may also bring actions against us in connection with our operations that could interrupt or limit the scope of our business.
Any adverse outcome in such proceedings could harm our operations and financial results and create negative publicity, which could damage
our reputation, competitive position and stock price. We may also be required to take corrective actions, including, but not limited
to, installing additional equipment, which could require us to make substantial capital expenditures. We could also be required to indemnify
our employees in connection with any expenses or liabilities that they may incur individually in connection with regulatory action against
us. These could result in a material adverse effect on our prospects, business, financial condition and our results of operations. 

53 

 Table of Contents 

Part
of our strategy involves drilling in existing or emerging oil and gas plays using some of the latest available horizontal drilling and
completion techniques. The results of our planned exploratory drilling in these plays are subject to drilling and completion technique
risks, and drilling results may not meet our expectations for reserves or production. As a result, we may incur material write-downs
and the value of our undeveloped acreage could decline if drilling results are unsuccessful. 

Our
operations involve utilizing the latest drilling and completion techniques in order to maximize cumulative recoveries and therefore generate
the highest possible returns. The additional risks that we face while drilling horizontally include, but are not limited to, the following: 

drilling
 wells that are significantly longer and/or deeper than more conventional wells; 

landing
 our wellbore in the desired drilling zone; 

staying
 in the desired drilling zone while drilling horizontally through the formation; 

running
 our casing the entire length of the wellbore; and 

being
 able to run tools and other equipment consistently through the horizontal wellbore. 

Risks
that we face while completing our wells include, but are not limited to, the following: 

the
 ability to fracture stimulate the planned number of stages in a horizontal or lateral well bore; 

the
 ability to run tools the entire length of the wellbore during completion operations; and 

the
 ability to successfully clean out the wellbore after completion of the final fracture stimulation stage. 

The
results of our drilling in new or emerging formations will be more uncertain initially than drilling results in areas that are more developed
and have a longer history of established production. Newer or emerging formations and areas have limited or no production history and
consequently we are less able to predict future drilling results in these areas. Ultimately, the success of these drilling and completion
techniques can only be evaluated over time as more wells are drilled and production profiles are established over a sufficiently long
time period. If our drilling results are less than anticipated or we are unable to execute our drilling program because of capital constraints,
lease expirations, limited access to gathering systems and takeaway capacity, and/or prices for crude oil, natural gas, and NGLs decline,
then the return on our investment for a particular project may not be as attractive as we anticipated and we could incur material write-downs
of oil and gas properties and the value of our undeveloped acreage could decline in the future. 

Prospects
that we decide to drill may not yield oil or natural gas in commercially viable quantities. 

Our
prospects are in various stages of evaluation, ranging from prospects that are currently being drilled to prospects that will require
substantial additional seismic data processing and interpretation. There is no way to predict in advance of drilling and testing whether
any particular prospect will yield oil or natural gas in sufficient quantities to recover drilling or completion costs or to be economically
viable. This risk may be enhanced in our situation, due to the fact that a significant percentage of our reserves is undeveloped. The
use of seismic data and other technologies and the study of producing fields in the same area will not enable us to know conclusively
prior to drilling whether oil or natural gas will be present or, if present, whether oil or natural gas will be present in commercial
quantities. We cannot assure you that the analogies we draw from available data obtained by analyzing other wells, more fully explored
prospects or producing fields will be applicable to our drilling prospects. 

We
are subject to various climate-related risks, including risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy and physical risks
resulting from climate change. 

The
following is a summary of potential climate-related risks that could adversely affect us: 

Policy
and Legal Risks . Policy risks include actions that seek to lessen activities that contribute to adverse effects of climate
change or to promote adaptation to climate change, such as the enactment of climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives
addressing alternative energy requirements, new fuel consumption standards, energy conservation and emissions reductions measures or
responsible energy development, among other measures. Policy actions also may include restrictions or bans on oil and gas activities,
like the January 2021 Presidential and Secretarial orders, and the potential banning of hydraulic fracturing, which could lead to write-downs
or impairments of our assets. Legal risks include potential lawsuits claiming, among other things, failure to mitigate impacts of climate
change, failure to adapt to climate change and the insufficiency of disclosure around material financial risks. For instance, government
entities and other groups have filed lawsuits in several states seeking to hold a wide variety of companies that produce fossil fuels
liable for the alleged impacts of the greenhouse gas emissions and other alleged harm attributable to those fuels. The lawsuits allege
damages as a result of global warming and the plaintiffs are seeking unspecified damages and abatement under various theories.. 

Market
Risks . Markets could be affected by climate change through shifts in supply and demand for certain commodities, including
oil and gas and other products dependent on oil and gas. Lower demand for our oil and gas production, or lower demand for products that
use oil and gas as fuel sources or increased demand for lower-emission or more efficient products and services, could result in lower
prices and lower revenues. Market risk also may take the form of limited access to capital as investors shift investments to industries
and alternative energy industries that may be, or be perceived to be, less carbon-intensive. In addition, certain investment advisers,
banks and sovereign wealth, pension and endowment funds recently have been promoting divestment of investments in fossil fuel companies
and pressuring lenders to limit funding to companies engaged in the extraction, production and sale of oil and gas. Some banks and asset
managers have made climate-related pledges for various initiatives, such as stopping the financing of Arctic drilling and coal companies.
These initiatives by activists and banks could interfere with our business activities, operations and ability to access capital. Institutional
lenders who provide financing to energy companies such as ours have also become more attentive to sustainable lending practices, and
some may elect not to provide traditional energy producers or companies that support such producers with funding. 

Technology
Risks . Technological improvements or innovations that support the transition to a lower-carbon economic system may have a
significant impact on us. The development and use of emerging technologies in renewable energy, battery storage, and energy efficiency
may lower demand for oil and gas, resulting in lower prices and revenues. In addition, many automobile manufacturers have announced plans
to shift production from internal combustion engine to electric powered vehicles, and some states and foreign countries have announced
bans on sales of internal combustion engine vehicles beginning as early as 2025, which would reduce demand for oil. 

Reputation
Risk . Climate change is a potential source of reputational risk, which is tied to changing customer or community perceptions
of an organization s contribution to, or detraction from, the transition to a lower-carbon economy. These changing perceptions
could lower demand for our oil and gas production, resulting in lower prices and lower revenues as consumers avoid carbon-intensive industries,
and could also pressure banks and investment managers to shift investments and reduce lending as described above. 

Physical
Risks . Potential physical risks resulting from climate change may be event driven (including increased severity of extreme weather
events, such as hurricanes, winter storms, droughts or floods) or longer-term shifts in climate patterns that may cause sea level rise
or chronic heat waves. Potential physical risks may cause direct damage to assets and indirect impacts such as supply or distribution
chain disruption and also could include changes in water or other raw material availability, sourcing, pricing and quality, which could
impact drilling and completions operations. These physical risks could adversely affect or delay demand for oil or natural gas, cause
increased costs, production disruptions and lower revenues and substantially increase the cost or limit the availability of insurance. 

54 

 Table of Contents 

Volatility
in seasonal temperatures . The market for natural gas is generally improved by periods of colder weather and impaired by periods
of warmer weather, so any changes in climate could affect the market for the fuels that we produce. As a result, if there is an overall
trend of warmer temperatures, it would be expected to have an adverse effect on our business. 

Efforts
by governments, international bodies, businesses and consumers to reduce GHGs and otherwise mitigate the effects of climate change are
ongoing. The nature of these efforts and their effects on our business are inherently unpredictable and subject to change. However, actions
taken by private parties in anticipation of, or to facilitate, a transition to a lower-GHG economy will affect us as well. For example,
our cost of capital may increase if lenders or other market participants decline to invest in fossil fuel-related companies for regulatory
or reputational reasons. Similarly, increased demand for low-carbon or renewable energy sources from consumers could reduce the demand
for, and the price of, the products we produce. Technological changes, such as developments in renewable energy and low-carbon transportation,
could also adversely affect demand for our products. 

Regulatory
and Reporting Risks 

New
or amended environmental legislation or regulatory initiatives could result in increased costs, additional operating restrictions, or
delays, or have other adverse effects on us. 

The
environmental laws and regulations to which we are subject change frequently, often to become more burdensome and/or to increase the
risk that we will be subject to significant liabilities. New or amended federal, state, or local laws or implementing regulations or
orders imposing new environmental obligations on, or otherwise limiting, our operations could make it more difficult and more expensive
to complete oil and natural gas wells, increase our costs of compliance and doing business, delay or prevent the development of resources
(especially from shale formations that are not commercial without the use of hydraulic fracturing), or alter the demand for and consumption
of our products. Any such outcome could have a material and adverse impact on our cash flows and results of operations. 

The
Federal Government previously instituted a moratorium on new oil and gas leases and permits on federal onshore and offshore lands, which
may have a material adverse effect on the Company and its results of operations. 

On
January 20, 2021, the Acting U.S. Interior Secretary, instituted a moratorium on new oil and gas leases and permits on federal onshore
and offshore lands, which a federal court blocked with a preliminary injunction in June 2021, which injunction is being appealed. President
Biden subsequently announced that his administration will resume onshore oil and gas lease sales on federal lands effective April 18,
2022. A total of approximately 26 of the Company s acreage in New Mexico and 1 of the Company s acreage in Colorado are
located on federal lands. It is currently unclear whether the moratorium will be reinstated, or whether such moratorium is the start
of a change in federal policies regarding the grant of oil and gas permits on federal lands. The moratorium does not affect the Company,
as the Company has no plans to drill new wells on any leases held on federal lands; however, if such prior moratorium was to become permanent,
or the federal government in the future were to grant less permits on federal lands, make such permitting process more difficult, costly,
or to institute more stringent rules relating to such permitting process, it could have a material adverse effect on the value of the
Company s leases and/or its ability to undertake oil and gas operations on such the portion of its leases on federal lands. 

SEC
rules could limit our ability to book additional proved undeveloped reserves PUDs in the future. 

SEC
rules require that, subject to limited exceptions, PUDs may only be booked if they relate to wells scheduled to be drilled within five
years after the date of booking. This requirement has limited and may continue to limit our ability to book additional PUDs as we pursue
our drilling program. Moreover, we may be required to write down our PUDs if we do not drill or plan on delaying those wells within the
required five-year timeframe. 

55 

 Table of Contents 

Proposed
changes to U.S. tax laws, if adopted, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash
flows. 

From
time to time, legislative proposals are made that would, if enacted, result in the elimination of the immediate deduction for intangible
drilling and development costs, the elimination of the deduction from income for domestic production activities relating to oil and gas
exploration and development, the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas properties, and an extension of the amortization
period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. Such changes, if adopted, or other similar changes that reduce or eliminate
deductions currently available with respect to oil and gas exploration and development, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

We
may incur substantial costs to comply with the various federal, state, and local laws and regulations that affect our oil and natural
gas operations, including as a result of the actions of third parties. 

We
are affected significantly by a substantial number of governmental regulations relating to, among other things, the release or disposal
of materials into the environment, health and safety, land use, and other matters. A summary of the principal environmental rules and
regulations to which we are currently subject is set forth in Part I - Item 1. Business . Compliance
with such laws and regulations often increases our cost of doing business and thereby decreases our profitability. Failure to comply
with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil, and criminal penalties, the incurrence of investigatory
or remedial obligations, or the issuance of cease and desist orders. 

The
environmental laws and regulations to which we are subject may, among other things: 

require
 us to apply for and receive a permit before drilling commences or certain associated facilities are developed; 

restrict
 the types, quantities, and concentrations of substances that can be released into the environment in connection with drilling, hydraulic
 fracturing, and production activities; 

limit
 or prohibit drilling activities on certain lands lying within wilderness, wetlands and other waters of the United States, 
 threatened and endangered species habitat, and other protected areas; 

require
 remedial measures to mitigate pollution from former operations, such as plugging abandoned wells; 

require
 us to add procedures and/or staff in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations; and 

impose
 substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from our operations. 

In
addition, we could face liability under applicable environmental laws and regulations as a result of the activities of previous owners
of our properties or other third parties. For example, over the years, we have owned or leased numerous properties for oil and natural
gas activities upon which petroleum hydrocarbons or other materials may have been released by us or by predecessor property owners or
lessees who were not under our control. Under applicable environmental laws and regulations, including The Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation, and Liability Act - otherwise known as CERCLA or Superfund, and state laws, we could be held liable for the removal
or remediation of previously released materials or property contamination at such locations, or at third-party locations to which we
have sent waste, regardless of our fault, whether we were responsible for the release or whether the operations at the time of the release
were lawful. 

56 

 Table of Contents 

Compliance
with, or liabilities associated with violations of or remediation obligations under, environmental laws and regulations could have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

 We
are subject to the reporting requirements of federal securities laws, which are expensive and subject us to potential liability. 

We
are a public reporting company in the United States and, accordingly, subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act and other federal securities laws, and the compliance obligations of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The costs of preparing and filing annual
and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders causes our
expenses to be higher than they would be if we remained a privately-held company. We could also be subject to sanctions or deregistration
if we fail to keep up with or run afoul of our reporting obligations. 

Our
compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and SEC rules concerning internal controls is time consuming, difficult and costly. 

Because
we are a reporting company with the SEC, we must comply with Sarbanes-Oxley Act and SEC rules concerning internal controls. It is time
consuming, difficult and costly for us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting procedures required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. In order to expand our operations, we will need to hire additional financial reporting, internal control, and other finance staff
in order to develop and implement appropriate internal controls and reporting procedures. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock and Securities 

The
issuance of common stock upon conversion of our outstanding Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will cause immediate and substantial
dilution to existing shareholders. 

As
of the date of this Report, we have 1,000,000 outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred
Stock ), all of which were held by Michael McLaren, the Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company. Each holder of
Series A Preferred Stock may, at its option, convert its shares of Series A Preferred Stock (each a Series A Conversion into that number of shares of common stock equal to the holder s pro rata share of all Series A Preferred Stock then issued and
outstanding, multiplied by (i) 60 , minus the aggregate percentage of the Company s outstanding common stock previously converted
by holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, through such applicable date (the Remaining Percentage )(for example,
if prior to the applicable date of determination, shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been converted into 3 of the outstanding shares
of common stock as of such date of determination, the Remaining Percentage would be 57 ), multiplied by (ii) the outstanding shares of
our common stock as of the applicable date of determination, divided by 0.40, divided by (iii) the total number of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock then outstanding. No individual conversion by any individual holder shall be in an amount greater than 9.99 of the outstanding
common stock of the Company on the date on which the holder delivers notice of such conversion to the Company (the Individual
Conversion Limitation ). The result of the above, is that such Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into 60 of the Company s
outstanding common stock (on a post-conversion basis, i.e., 150 of the Company s outstanding common stock on a pre-conversion
basis) currently. For example, based on 195,000,000 total outstanding shares of common stock, the Series A Preferred Stock has the right
to convert into = 195,000,000 shares, divided by 0.40 = 487,500,000 shares, multiplied by 60 = 292,500,000 total shares of common stock
(which is also the total voting rights associated with the Series A Preferred Stock). 

No
individual conversion by any individual holder shall be in an amount greater than 9.99 of the outstanding common stock of the Company
on the date on which the holder delivers notice of such conversion to the Company (the Individual Conversion Limitation ).
The result of the above, is that such Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into 60 of the Company s outstanding common stock
(on a post-conversion basis, i.e., 150 of the Company s outstanding common stock on a pre-conversion basis) currently. The conversion
of the Series A Preferred Stock into common stock of the Company will cause substantial dilution to the then holders of our common stock. 

57 

 Table of Contents 

For
so long as any shares of the Series A Preferred Stock remain issued and outstanding, the holders thereof, voting separately as a class,
shall have the right to vote on all shareholder matters (including, but not limited to at every meeting of the stockholders of the Company
and upon any action taken by stockholders of the Company with or without a meeting) equal to the Remaining Percentage of the total vote
(the Total Series A Vote ). For example, if there are 195,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock issued
and outstanding at the time of a shareholder vote, and the Remaining Percentage is 60 , the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock,
voting separately as a class, will have the right to vote an aggregate of 292,500,000 shares, out of a total number of 487,500,000 shares
voting. All Series A Shares shall vote together with the common stock on all shareholder matters as its own voting class. 

Shareholders
who hold unregistered shares of our common stock will be subject to resale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144, if and when available,
due to the fact that we are deemed to be a former shell company . 

Pursuant
to Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Rule 144 ), a shell company is defined
as a company that has no or nominal operations; and, either no or nominal assets; assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents;
or assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. While we do not believe that we are currently
a shell company , we were previously a shell company and as such are deemed to be a former shell
company pursuant to Rule 144, and as such, sales of our securities pursuant to Rule 144 may not be able to be made if we are
not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and have filed all of our required periodic reports for at least the previous
one year period prior to any sale pursuant to Rule 144; and a period of at least twelve months has elapsed from the date Form
10 information has been filed with the Commission reflecting the Company s status as a non- shell company 
(which Form 10 information was filed by the Company in August 2019). Although to date we have complied with the requirement of Rule 144
as related to shell companies , our status as a former shell company could prevent us from raising
additional funds, engaging consultants, and using our securities to pay for any acquisitions in the future (although none are currently
planned). 

We
have various outstanding convertible notes which are convertible into shares of our common stock at a discount to market. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we owed approximately 2,134,146 under various convertible promissory notes and as of the date of this Report
we owe approximately 1,794,745 under various convertible promissory notes, many of which are in default. The conversion prices of
the convertible notes are based on a discount to the market value of our common stock, subject in many cases to adjustments to the
conversion prices upon defaults and anti-dilution and other rights which may result in such conversion prices declining (see also
See also Note 10 Derivative Liabilities , to the notes to financial statements included herein under Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ). While no conversion of the notes can occur until we increase our
authorized but unissued shares of common stock (or affect the planned reverse stock split), we expect additional conversions and
sales to begin occurring shortly after we are able to increase our authorized but unissued shares of common stock. As a result, any
conversion of the convertible notes and sale of shares of common stock issuable in connection with the conversion thereof may cause
the value of our common stock to decline in value, as described in greater detail under the Risk Factors below. 

The
issuance and sale of common stock upon conversion of the convertible notes may depress the market price of our common stock. 

If
sequential conversions of the convertible notes and sales of such converted shares take place, the price of our common stock may decline,
and as a result, the holders of the convertible notes will be entitled to receive an increasing number of shares in connection with conversions,
which shares could then be sold in the market, triggering further price declines and conversions for even larger numbers of shares, to
the detriment of our investors. The shares of common stock which the convertible notes are convertible into may be sold without restriction
pursuant to Rule 144. As a result, the sale of these shares may adversely affect the market price, if any, of our common stock. 

58 

 Table of Contents 

In
addition, the common stock issuable upon conversion of the convertible notes may represent overhang that may also adversely affect the
market price of our common stock. Overhang occurs when there is a greater supply of a company s stock in the market than there
is demand for that stock. When this happens the price of the company s stock will decrease, and any additional shares which shareholders
attempt to sell in the market will only further decrease the share price. The convertible notes will be convertible into shares of our
common stock at a discount to market as described above, and such discount to market provides the holders with the ability to sell their
common stock at or below market and still make a profit. In the event of such overhang, the note holders will have an incentive to sell
their common stock as quickly as possible. If the share volume of our common stock cannot absorb the discounted shares, then the value
of our common stock will likely decrease. Notwithstanding the above, we hope to repay the convertible notes in full before any conversions
take place. 

The
issuance of common stock upon conversion of our outstanding convertible notes will cause immediate and substantial dilution. 

The
issuance of common stock upon conversion of the convertible notes will result in immediate and substantial dilution to the interests
of other stockholders since the holders of the convertible notes may ultimately receive and sell the full number of shares issuable in
connection with the conversion of such convertible notes. Although certain of the convertible notes may not be converted if such conversion
would cause the holders thereof to own more than 4.99 or 9.99 of our outstanding common stock, this restriction does not prevent the
holders of the convertible notes subject to such restrictions from converting some of their holdings, selling those shares, and then
converting the rest of its holdings, while still staying below the 4.99 /9.99 limit. In this way, the holders of the convertible notes
could sell more than any applicable ownership limit while never actually holding more shares than the applicable limits allow. If the
holders of the convertible notes choose to do this, it will cause substantial dilution to the then holders of our common stock. 

We
currently have no authorized but unissued shares of common stock. 

We
have authorized capital stock consisting of 195,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share. As of the date of this filing,
we had 195,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding and no shares of common stock available for future issuance. However, effective
on May 10, 2023, our majority shareholder approved the filing of a Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation
to increase the Company s authorized number of shares of Common Stock from 195 million shares to one billion 995 million shares,
which cannot be effective until any earlier than June 24, 2023. In the short term we believe that the cap on our outstanding shares may
be a positive as it will limit the future dilution to existing shareholders as a result of the conversion of outstanding convertible
notes; however, in the long term, until such time as we are able to increase our authorized shares of common stock, we anticipate that
such limit may negatively affect our ability to undertake transactions which may be accretive to shareholder value. For example, until
such time as our authorized shares of common stock are increased, we will not be able to use our common stock as consideration for any
acquisitions. Furthermore, we will not be able to sell equity or convertible debt to raise funding or issue share-based compensation
to officers, directors, employees, or consultants. All of the above may negatively affect our revenues and results of operations and
cause the value of our common stock to decline in value or become worthless. 

The
issuance of common stock upon the increase in our authorized shares will cause immediate and substantial dilution. 

Following
the increase in our authorized but unissued shares of common stock as discussed above, we expect to issue an additional significant number
of shares of common stock in consideration for compensation, upon conversion of outstanding convertible securities, and for other consideration
as approved by the Board of Directors of the Company. Such issuances are expected to result in immediate and substantial dilution to
the interests of other stockholders. 

59 

 Table of Contents 

The
issuance and sale of common stock upon conversion of our outstanding Series A Preferred Stock may depress the market price of our common
stock. 

If
conversions of our outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and sales of such converted shares take place, the price of our common stock
may decline. In addition, the common stock issuable upon conversion of our outstanding Series A Preferred Stock may represent overhang
that may also adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Overhang occurs when there is a greater supply of a company s
stock in the market than there is demand for that stock. When this happens the price of the company s stock will decrease, and
any additional shares which shareholders attempt to sell in the market will only further decrease the share price. If the share volume
of our common stock cannot absorb converted shares sold by the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock, then the value of our common stock
will likely decrease. 

The
continuously adjustable conversion price feature of the convertible notes could require us to issue a substantially greater number of
shares, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock and cause dilution to our existing stockholders. 

Our
existing stockholders will experience substantial dilution upon any conversion of the convertible notes. The convertible notes are convertible
into shares of common stock at a conversion price equal to a discount to the market value of our common stock as described above. As
a result, the number of shares issuable could prove to be significantly greater in the event of a decrease in the trading price of our
common stock, which decrease would cause substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. As sequential conversions and sales take
place, the price of our common stock may decline, and if so, the holders of the convertible notes would be entitled to receive an increasing
number of shares, which could then be sold, triggering further price declines and conversions for even larger numbers of shares, which
would cause additional dilution to our existing stockholders and would likely cause the value of our common stock to decline. 

We
could face significant penalties for our failure to comply with the terms of our outstanding convertible notes. 

Our
various convertible notes contain positive and negative covenants and customary events of default including requiring us in many cases
to timely file SEC reports. In the event we fail to timely file our SEC reports in the future, or any other events of defaults occur
under the notes, we could face significant penalties and/or liquidated damages and/or the conversion price of such notes could be adjusted
downward significantly, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, or cause
any investment in the Company to decline in value or become worthless. 

Certain
of our outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common stock and convertible note contain anti-dilution rights and favored nation rights,
and certain of our securities purchase agreements include favored nations rights. 

We
have outstanding warrants to purchase 387,560 shares of common stock which were originally granted with exercise prices at 0.004 per
share, include anti-dilution and favored nations rights. Pursuant to such rights, subject to certain exceptions, in the event we issued
securities below the then exercise price, the exercise price of the warrants is reduced to the lower of such dilutive issuance or the
volume weighted average price (VWAP) of our common stock on the next trading day following the first public disclosure of such dilutive
issuance, subject to certain exceptions which may reduce such exercise price further in certain cases, including the issuance of units.
Certain of these warrants also include anti-dilution rights which provides for a reduction of the exercise price to match the price per
share of any dilutive issuance made while the warrant is outstanding, subject to certain exceptions. 

Pursuant
to the Greentree Financial Group, Inc. GreenTree convertible note , if at any time while the note is outstanding, the Company grants, issues or sells
any common stock, options to purchase common stock, securities convertible into common stock or rights relating to common stock (the
 Purchase Rights to any person, entity, association, or other organization other than GreenTree, at a price per
share less than the conversion price then in effect, then the conversion price is automatically reduced to match the price per share
of the Purchase Rights. 

60 

 Table of Contents 

If
in the future we issue securities at prices less than the warrant exercise price or note conversion price, the exercise price of the
warrants and conversion price of the notes will be reduced to such lower amount. Certain of such warrants also include favored nations
provisions which could be triggered in the future and could materially change the terms of the warrants. In the event any anti-dilution
or favored nations provisions of the warrants or convertible note are triggered, it may cause the terms of such warrants or convertible
note to be materially amended in favor of the holders thereof, cause significant dilution to existing shareholders, and otherwise have
a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Our
outstanding convertible promissory notes include favored nations rights. 

All
of our outstanding convertible promissory notes include provisions which provide that, so long as such notes are outstanding, upon any
issuance by the Company (or under certain notes, any of its subsidiaries) of any security, or amendment to a security that was originally
issued, with any term that the holder of such note reasonably believes is more favorable to the holder of such security or with a term
in favor of the holder of such security that the holder reasonably believes was not similarly provided to the holder in such note, then
at the option of the holder, such term may become part of the holder s notes. The types of terms contained in another security
that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing prepayment rate, interest
rates, and original issue discounts. Such favored nations provisions could be triggered in the future and could materially change the
terms of the notes. In the event any favored nations provisions of the notes are triggered, it may cause the terms of such notes to be
materially amended in favor of the holders thereof, cause significant dilution to existing shareholders, and otherwise have a material
adverse effect on the Company. 

The
issuance and sale of common stock upon exercise of warrants may cause substantial dilution to existing stockholders and may also depress
the market price of our common stock. 

As
of the date of this Report, we had a total of 387,560 warrants outstanding, of which a) 120,834 warrants have an exercise price of 0.004
per share and mature on January 6, 2026, b) 44,502 warrants have an exercise price of 0.004 per share and mature on June 24, 2026, and
c) 222,224 warrants mature between November 23, 2026 and December 2, 2026 and have an exercise price equal to either i) in the event
of the Company s listing on a national exchange by May 23, 2022, at a price equal to 120 of the offering price upon uplisting,
or ii) 0.004 per share. The warrants contain provisions limiting each holder s ability to exercise the warrants if such exercise
would cause the holder s (or any affiliate of any such holder) holdings in the Company to exceed 9.99 of the Company s issued
and outstanding shares of common stock (4.99 in connection with the Warrants). The ownership limitation does not prevent such holder
from exercising some of the warrants, selling those shares, and then exercising the rest of the warrants, while still staying below the
9.99 limit (4.99 in connection with the Warrants). In this way, the holders of the warrants could sell more than this limit while never
actually holding more shares than this limit allows. If the holders of the warrants choose to do this, it will cause substantial dilution
to the then holders of our common stock. 

If
exercises of the warrants and sales of such shares issuable upon exercise thereof take place, the price of our common stock may decline.
In addition, the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may represent overhang that may also adversely affect the market
price of our common stock. Overhang occurs when there is a greater supply of a company s stock in the market than there is demand
for that stock. When this happens the price of the company s stock will decrease, and any additional shares which shareholders
attempt to sell in the market will only further decrease the share price. If the share volume of our common stock cannot absorb shares
sold by the warrant holders, then the value of our common stock will likely decrease. 

We
currently owe a significant amount of money under our outstanding convertible notes. 

As
of the date of this Report, we owe approximately 1,794,745
 under outstanding convertible and non-convertible promissory notes. We do not have sufficient funds
to repay such notes and if we are unable to raise additional funds in the future to repay such amounts, which may not be available on
favorable terms, if at all, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations and
cause any investment in the Company to decline in value or become worthless. 

61 

 Table of Contents 

We
have established preferred stock which can be designated by the Company s Board of Directors without shareholder approval and the
board has established Series A Preferred Stock, which gives the holders majority voting power over the Company. 

The
Company has 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized. The shares of preferred stock of the Company may be issued from time to time
in one or more series, each of which shall have a distinctive designation or title as shall be determined by the board of directors of
the Company prior to the issuance of any shares thereof. The preferred stock shall have such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting
powers, and such preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof as adopted by the board of directors. As discussed above under The issuance of common stock upon conversion of our outstanding
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will cause immediate and substantial dilution to existing shareholders , we have 1,000 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Because
the board of directors is able to designate the powers and preferences of the preferred stock without the vote of a majority of the Company s
shareholders, shareholders of the Company will have no control over what designations and preferences the Company s preferred stock
will have. The issuance of shares of preferred stock or the rights associated therewith, could cause substantial dilution to our existing
shareholders. Additionally, the dilutive effect of any preferred stock which we may issue may be exacerbated given the fact that such
preferred stock may have voting rights and/or other rights or preferences which could provide the preferred shareholders with substantial
voting control over us and/or give those holders the power to prevent or cause a change in control, even if that change in control might
benefit our shareholders (similar to the Series A Preferred Stock). As a result, the issuance of shares of preferred stock may cause
the value of our securities to decrease. 

Stockholders
may be diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and satisfy obligations through the issuance of additional shares
of our common stock. 

We
have no committed source of financing. Wherever possible, our board of directors will attempt to use non-cash consideration to satisfy
obligations. In many instances, we believe that the non-cash consideration will consist of restricted shares of our common stock. Our
board of directors has authority, without action or vote of the stockholders, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued shares
of common stock and designate series of preferred stock. In addition, if a trading market develops for our common stock, we may attempt
to raise capital by selling shares of our common stock (or convertible securities), possibly at a discount to market. These actions will
result in dilution of the ownership interests of existing stockholders, may further dilute common stock book value, and that dilution
may be material. Such issuances may also serve to enhance existing management s ability to maintain control of the Company because
the shares may be issued to parties or entities committed to supporting existing management. 

We
are currently not in compliance with the continued quotation standards of the OTCQB market and there is no guarantee that we will be
able to comply with the OTCQB market continued quotation standards in the future. 

For
our common stock to be quoted on the OTCQB market, we must, among other things, (a) file our periodic reports with the SEC; and (b) maintain
a minimum bid price of 0.01 per share as of the close of the business day at least one time per 30 consecutive calendar days. We are
not currently in compliance with these continued quotation standards as we did not timely file this Annual Report, have not timely filed
our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023, and do not currently comply with the minimum bid price requirement.
The OTCQB market has provided us an extension until June 2, 2023, to file this Annual Report and until June 25, 2023, to cure our failure
to comply with the bid price deficiency. We were not able to file the Annual Report within that time requirement and do not expect to
be able to comply with the bid price deficiency by June 25, 2023. If our common stock is removed from the OTCQB market, our common stock
will trade on the OTC Pink market and it may be difficult to sell your shares of common stock if you desire or need to sell them. Quotation
of our common stock on the OTC Pink market may severely limit the market liquidity of our common stock and the ability of our shareholders
to sell our common stock in the secondary market. If our common stock is delisted from the OTCQB market, an investor may find it more
difficult to sell our securities or obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our securities. 

62 

 Table of Contents 

We
currently have a sporadic and volatile market for our common stock, and the market for our common stock may remain sporadic and volatile
in the future. 

We
currently have a highly sporadic and volatile market for our common stock, which market is anticipated to remain volatile in the future.
Factors that could affect our stock price or result in fluctuations in the market price or trading volume of our common stock include: 

our
 actual or anticipated operating and financial performance and drilling locations, including reserves estimates; 

quarterly
 variations in the rate of growth of our financial indicators, such as net income per share, net income and cash flows, or those of
 companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

changes
 in revenue, cash flows or earnings estimates or publication of reports by equity research analysts; 

speculation
 in the press or investment community; 

public
 reaction to our press releases, announcements and filings with the SEC; 

sales
 of our common stock by us or other stockholders, or the perception that such sales may occur; 

the
 limited amount of our freely tradable common stock available in the public marketplace; 

general
 financial market conditions and oil and natural gas industry market conditions, including fluctuations in commodity prices; 

the
 realization of any of the risk factors presented in this Annual Report; 

the
 recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

commencement
 of, or involvement in, litigation; 

the
 prices of oil and natural gas; 

the
 success of our exploration and development operations, and the marketing of any oil and natural gas we produce; 

changes
 in market valuations of companies similar to ours; and 

domestic
 and international economic, health, legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance. 

63 

 Table of Contents 

Our
stock price may be impacted by factors that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. The stock markets in general
have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market
fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. Additionally, general economic, political and market conditions,
such as recessions, interest rates or international currency fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
Due to the volume of our shares which trade, we believe that our stock prices (bid, ask and closing prices) may not be related to our
actual value, and not reflect the actual value of our common stock. Stockholders and potential investors in our common stock should exercise
caution before making an investment in us. 

Additionally,
as a result of the potential illiquidity and sporadic trading of our common stock, investors may not be interested in owning our common
stock because of the inability to acquire or sell a substantial block of our common stock at one time. This may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our common stock. In addition, a stockholder may not be able to borrow funds using our common stock as collateral
because lenders may be unwilling to accept the pledge of securities having such a limited market. We cannot assure you that an active
trading market for our common stock will develop or, if one develops, be sustained. 

Our
common stock is currently subject to penny stock rules, which may make it more difficult for our stockholders to sell their common stock. 

Broker-dealer
practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks are regulated by certain penny stock rules adopted by
the SEC. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 per share. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
prior to a purchase or sale of a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver to the customer a standardized risk disclosure
document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the
customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the
transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition,
the penny stock rules generally require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock the broker-dealer make a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction.
These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that
becomes subject to the penny stock rules. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and director holds majority voting control over the Company. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and director, Michael McLaren, beneficially owns 60 of our voting stock pursuant to his ownership of the 1,000
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, which gives him control over approximately 60 of our voting securities. For so long
as any shares of the Series A Preferred Stock remain issued and outstanding, the holders thereof, voting separately as a class, shall
have the right to vote on all shareholder matters (including, but not limited to at every meeting of the stockholders of the Company
and upon any action taken by stockholders of the Company with or without a meeting) equal to the Remaining Percentage of the total vote
(the Total Series A Vote ). For example, if there are 195,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock issued
and outstanding at the time of a shareholder vote, and the Remaining Percentage is 60 , the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock,
voting separately as a class, will have the right to vote an aggregate of 292,500,000 shares, out of a total number of 487,500,000 shares
voting. All Series A Shares shall vote together with the common stock on all shareholder matters as its own voting class. Additionally,
so long as Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the Company shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66-2/3 
of all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class (i) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Articles
of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Company so as to adversely affect the designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights
of the Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) effect any reclassification of the Series A Preferred Stock, (iii) designate any additional series
of preferred stock, the designation of which adversely effects the rights, privileges, preferences or limitations of the Series A Preferred
Stock; or (iv) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Series A Designation (except in connection with certain non-material technical
amendments). 

64 

 Table of Contents 

As
a result, Mr. McLaren has the ability to influence matters affecting our stockholders and will therefore exercise control in determining
the outcome of all corporate transactions or other matters, including the election of directors, mergers, consolidations, the sale of
all or substantially all of our assets, and also the power to prevent or cause a change in control. Any investor who purchases shares
will be a minority stockholder and as such will have little to no say in the direction of the Company and the election of directors.
Additionally, it will be difficult if not impossible for investors to remove Mr. McLaren as a director, which will mean he will remain
in control of who serves as officers of the Company as well as whether any changes are made in the board of directors. As a potential
investor in the Company, you should keep in mind that even if you own shares of the Company s common stock and wish to vote them
at annual or special stockholder meetings, your shares will likely have little effect on the outcome of corporate decisions. Because
Mr. McLaren controls such vote, investors may find it difficult to replace our management if they disagree with the way our business
is being operated. Additionally, the interests of Mr. McLaren may differ from the interests of the other stockholders and thus result
in corporate decisions that are averse to other stockholders. 

We
currently have limited operations and may not generate significant revenues or be profitable in the future. 

Our
current operations consist solely of oil and gas exploration. and oil and gas services We may not be successful in our planned operations
in the future and can make no assurances that we will be able to generate significant revenues in the future, that we will have sufficient
funding to support our operations and pay our expenses, or that we will ever become profitable. In the event we are unable to generate
revenues and/or support our operations, we will be forced to curtail and/or abandon our current business plan and any investment in the
Company could become worthless. 

Risks
Related to the Planned Reverse Stock Split 

Effective
on May 10, 2023, Marble Trital Inc., which entity is beneficially owned by Mr. Michael McLaren, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman,
due to his ownership of 100 of Marble Trital Inc. and his position as Chief Executive Officer thereof, the holder of 1,000,000 shares
of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock, representing 292,500,000 voting shares as of such date or 60.0 of the 487,500,000 total
voting shares as of such date (the Majority Shareholder ), executed a written consent in lieu of a special meeting
of shareholders (the Majority Shareholder Consent ), approving the following matters, which had previously been approved
by the Board of directors of the Company on April 19, 2023, and had recommended that such matters be presented to the Majority Shareholder
for its approval on the same date: 

the approval
 of the filing of a Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to affect a name change of the Company
 from American International Holdings Corp. to Cycle Energy Corp. 

the filing of a Certificate
 of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to increase the Company s authorized number of shares of Common
 Stock from 195 million shares to one billion 995 million shares; and 

the grant of discretionary
 authority for our Board of Directors, without further shareholder approval, to effect a reverse stock split of all of the outstanding
 common stock of the Company, by the filing of an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of Nevada,
 in a ratio of between 1-for-10 and 1-for-1,000, with the Company s Board of Directors having the discretion as to whether or
 not the reverse split is to be effected, and with the exact exchange ratio of any reverse split to be set at a whole number within
 the above range as determined by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, at any time before April 19, 2024. 

In
accordance with Rule 14c-2 of the Exchange Act, the corporate actions will be effective no earlier than forty (40) days after the date
notice of the internet availability of the Information Statement describing the above is first sent to shareholders, which we expect
to be on or approximately June 24, 2023. 

65 

 Table of Contents 

Notwithstanding
such approval, the reverse stock split is subject to approval of the final reverse ratio by the Board of Directors of the Company and
approval thereof by Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA), which approval has not been received yet, and may not be received
on a timely basis, if all. 

We
anticipate effecting a reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock in the future. 

We
expect that the reverse stock split will increase the market price of our common stock; however, the effect of a reverse stock split
upon the market price of our common stock cannot be predicted with certainty, and the results of reverse stock splits by companies in
similar circumstances have been varied. It is possible that the market price of our common stock following the reverse stock split will
not increase in the ratio of the split, or if it does, that such price will be not be sustained. 

The
reverse stock split may decrease the liquidity of the shares of our common stock. 

The
liquidity of the shares of our common stock may be affected adversely by the reverse stock split given the reduced number of shares that
will be outstanding following the reverse stock split. In addition, the reverse stock split may increase the number of stockholders who
own odd lots (less than 100 shares) of our common stock, creating the potential for such stockholders to experience an increase in the
cost of selling their shares and greater difficulty affecting such sales. 

The
reverse stock split may not increase our stock price over the long-term. 

The
principal purpose of the reverse stock split is to increase the per-share market price of our common stock. It cannot be assured, however,
that the reverse stock split will accomplish this objective for any meaningful period. While it is expected that the reduction in the
number of outstanding shares of common stock will proportionally increase the market price of the Company s common stock, it cannot
be assured that the reverse stock split will increase the market price of our common stock by a multiple of the proposed reverse stock
split ratio, or result in any permanent or sustained increase in the market price of our common stock, which is dependent upon many factors,
including our business and financial performance, general market conditions, and prospects for future success. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
will continue to incur increased costs as a result of being a reporting company, and given our limited capital resources, such additional
costs may have an adverse impact on our profitability. 

We
are an SEC reporting company. The rules and regulations under the Exchange Act require reporting companies to provide periodic reports
with interactive data files, which require that we engage legal, accounting and auditing professionals, and eXtensible Business Reporting
Language (XBRL) and EDGAR (Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval) service providers. The engagement of such services can
be costly, and we may continue to incur additional losses, which may adversely affect our ability to continue as a going concern. In
addition, the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, as well as a variety of related rules implemented by the SEC, have required changes in corporate
governance practices and generally increased the disclosure requirements of public companies. For example, as a result of being a reporting
company, we are required to file periodic and current reports and other information with the SEC and we have adopted policies regarding
disclosure controls and procedures and regularly evaluate those controls and procedures. 

The
additional costs we continue to incur in connection with becoming a reporting company (expected to be approximately a hundred thousand
dollars per year) will continue to further stretch our limited capital resources. Due to our limited resources, we have to allocate resources
away from other productive uses in order to continue to comply with our obligations as an SEC reporting company. Further, there is no
guarantee that we will have sufficient resources to continue to meet our reporting and filing obligations with the SEC as they come due. 

66 

 Table of Contents 

Our
acquisitions may expose us to unknown liabilities. 

Because
we have acquired, and expect generally to acquire, all (or a majority of) the outstanding securities of certain of our acquisition targets,
our investment in those companies is or will be subject to all of their liabilities other than their respective debts which we paid or
will pay at the time of the acquisitions. If there are unknown liabilities or other obligations, our business could be materially affected.
We may also experience issues relating to internal controls over financial reporting that could affect our ability to comply with the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or that could affect our ability to comply with other applicable laws. 

We
may have difficulty obtaining future funding sources, if needed, and we may have to accept terms that would adversely affect stockholders. 

We
will need to raise funds from additional financings in the future to complete our business plan and may need to raise additional funding
in the future to support our operations. We have no commitments for any financing and any financing commitments may result in dilution
to our existing stockholders. We may have difficulty obtaining additional funding, and we may have to accept terms that would adversely
affect our stockholders. For example, the terms of any future financings may impose restrictions on our right to declare dividends or
on the manner in which we conduct our business. Additionally, we may raise funding by issuing additional convertible notes, which if
converted into shares of our common stock would dilute our then stockholders interests. Lending institutions or private investors
may impose restrictions on a future decision by us to make capital expenditures, acquisitions or significant asset sales. If we are unable
to raise additional funds, we may be forced to curtail or even abandon our business plan. 

If
we make any acquisitions, they may disrupt or have a negative impact on our business. 

If
we make acquisitions in the future, funding permitting, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, we could have difficulty
integrating the acquired company s assets, personnel and operations with our own. We do not anticipate that any acquisitions or
mergers we may enter into in the future would result in a change of control of the Company. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired
business may not be willing to work for us. We cannot predict the effect expansion may have on our core business. Regardless of whether
we are successful in making an acquisition, the negotiations could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees
and increase our expenses. In addition to the risks described above, acquisitions are accompanied by a number of inherent risks, including,
without limitation, the following: 

the difficulty
 of integrating acquired products, services or operations; 

the potential
 disruption of the ongoing businesses and distraction of our management and the management of acquired companies; 

difficulties in maintaining
 uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; 

the potential impairment
 of relationships with employees and customers as a result of any integration of new management personnel; 

the potential inability
 or failure to achieve additional sales and enhance our customer base through cross-marketing of the products to new and existing
 customers; 

the effect of any government
 regulations which relate to the business acquired; 

potential unknown liabilities
 associated with acquired businesses or product lines, or the need to spend significant amounts to retool, reposition or modify the
 marketing and sales of acquired products or operations, or the defense of any litigation, whether or not successful, resulting from
 actions of the acquired company prior to our acquisition; and 

potential expenses under
 the labor, environmental and other laws of various jurisdictions. 

67 

 Table of Contents 

Our
business could be severely impaired if and to the extent that we are unable to succeed in addressing any of these risks or other problems
encountered in connection with an acquisition, many of which cannot be presently identified. These risks and problems could disrupt our
ongoing business, distract our management and employees, increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Current
global financial conditions have been characterized by increased volatility which could negatively impact our business, prospects, liquidity
and financial condition. 

Current
global financial conditions and recent market events have been characterized by increased volatility and the resulting tightening of
the credit and capital markets has reduced the amount of available liquidity and overall economic activity. We cannot guarantee that
debt or equity financing, the ability to borrow funds or cash generated by operations will be available or sufficient to meet or satisfy
our initiatives, objectives or requirements. Our inability to access sufficient amounts of capital on terms acceptable to us for our
operations will negatively impact our business, prospects, liquidity and financial condition. 

Our
ability to service our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. 

Our
ability to make payments on our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our ability to generate cash
is subject to general economic and market conditions and financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond
our control. Our business may not generate sufficient cash to fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditure, debt service
and other liquidity needs, which could result in our inability to comply with financial and other covenants contained in our debt agreements,
our being unable to repay or pay interest on our indebtedness, and our inability to fund our other liquidity needs. If we are unable
to service our debt obligations, fund our other liquidity needs and maintain compliance with our financial and other covenants, we could
be forced to curtail our operations, our creditors could accelerate our indebtedness and exercise other remedies and we could be required
to pursue one or more alternative strategies, such as selling assets or refinancing or restructuring our indebtedness. However, such
alternatives may not be feasible or adequate. 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends. 

We
presently do not anticipate that we will pay any dividends on any of our capital stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends,
if any, would be contingent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements, and general financial condition. The payment
of any dividends will be within the discretion of our board of directors. We presently intend to retain all earnings, if any, to implement
our business plan; accordingly, we do not anticipate the declaration of any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

The
Company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure. 

The
Company does not have commercial insurance or third-party indemnities to fully cover all operational risks or potential liability in
the event of a significant incident or series of incidents causing catastrophic loss. As a result, the Company is, to a substantial extent,
self-insured for such events. The Company relies on existing liquidity, financial resources and borrowing capacity to meet short-term
obligations that would arise from such an event or series of events. The occurrence of a significant incident, series of events, or unforeseen
liability for which the Company is self-insured, not fully insured or for which insurance recovery is significantly delayed could have
a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. 

68 

 Table of Contents 

Increasing
attention to environmental, social, and governance ESG matters may impact our business. 

Increasing
attention to ESG matters, including those related to climate change and sustainability, increasing societal, investor and legislative
pressure on companies to address ESG matters, may result in increased costs, reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation
or threats thereof, negative impacts on our stock price and access to capital markets, and damage to our reputation. Increasing attention
to climate change, for example, may result in demand shifts for hydrocarbon and additional governmental investigations and private litigation,
or threats thereof, against the Company. In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and
related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters, including climate change
and climate-related risks. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Also, some stakeholders,
including but not limited to sovereign wealth, pension, and endowment funds, have been divesting and promoting divestment of or screening
out of fossil fuel equities and urging lenders to limit funding to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuel reserves. Unfavorable
ESG ratings and investment community divestment initiatives, among other actions, may lead to negative investor sentiment toward the
Company and to the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and our access
to and costs of capital. Additionally, evolving expectations on various ESG matters, including biodiversity, waste and water, may increase
costs, require changes in how we operate and lead to negative stakeholder sentiment. 

Global
economic conditions could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth. 

Adverse
macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, slower growth or recession, new or increased tariffs, changes to fiscal and monetary policy,
tighter credit, higher interest rates, high unemployment and currency fluctuations could materially adversely affect our operations,
expenses, access to capital and the market for oil and gas. In addition, uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic
conditions could have a significant impact on our expected funding sources, suppliers and partners. A downturn in the economic environment
could also lead to limitations on our ability to issue new debt; reduced liquidity; and declines in the fair value of our financial instruments.
These and other economic factors could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth. 

We
may be adversely affected by climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such change. 

The
long-term effects of climate change are difficult to predict; however, such effects may be widespread. Impacts from climate change may
include physical risks (such as rising sea levels or frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions), social and human effects
(such as population dislocations or harm to health and well-being), compliance costs and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology
changes) and other adverse effects. The effects of climate change could increase the cost of certain products, commodities and energy
(including utilities), which in turn may impact our ability to procure goods or services required for the operation of our business.
Climate change could also lead to increased costs as a result of physical damage to or destruction of our facilities, equipment and business
interruption due to weather events that may be attributable to climate change. These events and impacts could materially adversely affect
our business operations, financial position or results of operation. 

We
might be adversely impacted by changes in accounting standards. 

Our
consolidated financial statements are subject to the application of U.S. GAAP, which periodically is revised or reinterpreted. From time
to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB and the SEC. It is possible that future accounting standards may require changes
to the accounting treatment in our consolidated financial statements and may require us to make significant changes to our financial
systems. Such changes might have a materially adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

General
Risks 

Our
sector and the broader U.S. economy experienced higher than expected inflationary pressures in 2022 related to continued supply chain
disruptions, labor shortages and geopolitical instability. Should these conditions persist, it may impact our ability to procure materials
and equipment on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and, as a result, our business, results of operations and cash flows could be materially
and adversely affected. 

Throughout
2022, we experienced significant increases in the costs of certain materials, including steel, sand and fuel, as a result of availability
constraints, supply chain disruption, increased demand, labor shortages associated with a fully employed US labor force, inflation and
other factors. Though we incorporated inflationary factors into our 2022 business plan, inflation outpaced those original assumptions
and, while we have incorporated inflationary factors into our 2023 business plan, inflation may outpace those assumptions. These challenges
are due in large measure to increased demand for oil and gas production driven by the continued economic recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic
and more broadly, systemic underinvestment in global oil and gas development. These supply and demand fundamentals have been further
aggravated by disruptions in global energy supply caused by multiple geopolitical events, including the ongoing conflict between Russia
and Ukraine. We continue to undertake actions and implement plans to strengthen our supply chain to address these pressures and protect
the requisite access to commodities and services. Nevertheless, we expect for the foreseeable future to experience supply chain constraints
and may continue to experience inflationary pressure on our cost structure. These supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures
may continue to adversely impact our cost of operations and if we are unable to manage our global supply chain, it may impact our ability
to procure materials and equipment in a timely and cost-effective manner, if at all, which could result in reduced margins and production
delays and, as a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

69 

 Table of Contents 

We
are subject to income- and non-income-based taxes in the United States under federal, state, and local jurisdictions and in the foreign
jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax laws, regulations and administrative practices in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant
change, with or without advance notice, due to economic, political and other conditions, and significant judgment is required in evaluating
and estimating our provision and accruals for these taxes. Our tax liabilities could be affected by numerous factors, such as changes
in tax, accounting and other laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles and interpretations, the mix and level of earnings
in a given taxing jurisdiction or our ownership or capital structure. For example, on August 16, 2022, the United States enacted the
IRA, which is highly complex, subject to interpretation, and contains significant changes to U.S. tax law including, but not limited
to, a 15 corporate book minimum tax and a 1 excise tax on stock repurchases. The U.S. Department of the Treasury and the IRS are expected
to release further regulations and interpretive guidance implementing the legislation contained in the IRA, but the details and timing
of such regulations are subject to uncertainty at this time. The tax provisions of the IRA which may apply to us are generally effective
in 2023 or later and therefore tax impacts to us in 2022 were immaterial. However, it is possible that the enactment of changes in the
U.S. corporate tax system, including in connection with the IRA, could have a material effect on our consolidated cash taxes in the future. 

Outbreaks
of communicable diseases, such as COVID-19, have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Global
or national health concerns, including a widespread outbreak of contagious disease, can, among other impacts, negatively impact the global
economy, reduce demand and pricing for crude oil, NGLs and natural gas, lead to operational disruptions and limit our ability to execute
on our business plan, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. Furthermore, uncertainty regarding the impact of any outbreak of contagious disease could lead to increased volatility in
crude oil, NGLs and natural gas prices. 

For
example, the novel coronavirus global pandemic, known as COVID-19, had a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition
and results of operations in 2020. The early effects of COVID-19 included a substantial decline in demand for crude oil, condensate,
NGLs, natural gas and other petroleum hydrocarbons, along with a corresponding deterioration in prices. While demand for crude oil, condensate,
NGLs, natural gas and other petroleum hydrocarbons significantly recovered as the COVID-19 pandemic evolved, we are unable to predict
the future impact of COVID-19 (including the emergence, contagiousness and threat of new and different strains), or a widespread outbreak
of another contagious disease, on overall economic activity and the demand for, and pricing of, our products. COVID-19, or a widespread
outbreak of another contagious disease, could have a negative impact on our operations; impact the ability of our counterparties to perform
their obligations; result in voluntary and involuntary curtailments, delays or cancellations of certain drilling activities; impair the
quantity or value of our reserves; result in transportation and storage capacity constraints; cause shortages of key personnel, including
employees, contractors and subcontractors; interrupt global supply chains; increase impairments and associated charges to our earnings;
impact our cash on hand, uses of cash and cause a decrease to our financial flexibility and liquidity. In addition, the risks associated
with COVID-19 impacted, and COVID-19, or a widespread outbreak of another contagious disease, may in the future impact our workforce
and the way we meet our business objectives, and such impact may be material. The extent to which the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic will
impact our business and our financial results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

Our
business could be negatively impacted by cyberattacks targeting our computer and telecommunications systems and infrastructure or targeting
those of our third-party service providers. 

Our
business, like other companies in the oil and gas industry, has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies, including technologies
that are managed by third-party service providers or other providers of goods or services to our industry on whom we directly or indirectly
rely on to help us collect, host or process information. Such technologies are integrated into our business operations and used as a
part of our production and distribution systems in the U.S. and abroad, including those systems used to transport production to market,
to enable communications and to provide a host of other support services for our business. Accordingly, our use of the internet and other
public networks for communications, services and storage, including cloud computing, exposes us and our users to cybersecurity
risks. 

Changes
in U.S. and international tax rules and regulations, or interpretations thereof, may materially and adversely affect our cash flows,
results of operations and financial condition. 

There
is no guarantee that our security measures will provide absolute security. We may not be able to anticipate, detect or prevent cyberattacks,
particularly because the methodologies used by attackers change frequently or may not be recognized until launched, and because attackers
are increasingly using techniques designed to circumvent controls and avoid detection. We and our third-party service providers may therefore
be vulnerable to security events that are beyond our control, and we may be the target of cyber-attacks, as well as physical attacks,
which could result in the unauthorized access to our information systems or data, the data of our customers and our employees or significant
disruption to our business. These attacks could adversely impact our business operations, our revenue and profits, our ability to comply
with legal, contractual and regulatory requirements, our reputation and goodwill, as well as result in legal risk, enforcement actions
and litigation. Our information systems and related infrastructure have experienced attempted and actual instances of unauthorized access
in the past, but we have not suffered any losses or breaches which had a material effect on our business, operations or reputation relating
to such attacks; however, there is no assurance that we will not suffer such losses or breaches in the future. 

As
cyberattacks continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to respond to cyberattacks, to continue
to modify or enhance our protective measures, or to investigate and remediate any information systems and related infrastructure security
vulnerabilities. Additionally, the continuing and evolving threat of cybersecurity attacks has resulted in evolving legal and compliance
matters, including increased regulatory focus on prevention, which could require us to expend significant additional resources to meet
such requirements. We may also be subject to regulatory investigations or litigation relating from cybersecurity issues. 

70 

 Table of Contents 

Our
business may be materially adversely affected by negative publicity. 

From
time to time, political and public sentiment with respect to, or impacts by, the oil and gas industry may result in adverse press coverage
and other adverse public statements affecting our business. Additionally, though we believe we can achieve our voluntary company targets
and goals, any failure to realize or perception of failure to realize voluntary targets or long-term goals, including GHG emissions targets
and other environmental objectives, could lead to adverse press coverage and other adverse public statements affecting the Company. Adverse
press coverage and other adverse statements, whether or not driven by political or public sentiment, may also result in investigations
by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials or in legal claims. 

Our
operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. We do not insure against all potential losses and therefore we
could be seriously harmed by unexpected liabilities and increased costs. 

Our
United States and International operations are subject to unplanned occurrences, including blowouts, explosions, fires, loss of well
control, spills, tornadoes, hurricanes and other adverse weather, tsunamis, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions or nuclear or other disasters,
labor disputes and accidents. These same risks can be applied to the third parties that transport our products from our facilities. A
prolonged disruption in the ability of any pipelines, rail cars, trucks or vessels to transport our production could contribute to a
business interruption or increase costs. 

Our
operations are also subject to the additional hazards of pollution, releases of toxic gas and other environmental hazards and risks.
These hazards could result in serious personal injury or loss of human life, significant damage to property and equipment, environmental
pollution, impairment of operations and substantial losses to us. Various hazards have adversely affected us in the past, and damages
resulting from a catastrophic occurrence in the future involving us or any of our assets or operations may result in our being named
as a defendant in one or more lawsuits asserting potentially large claims or in our being assessed potentially substantial fines by governmental
authorities. We maintain insurance against many, but not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from operating hazards in amounts
that we believe to be prudent. Uninsured losses and liabilities arising from operating hazards could reduce the funds available to us
for capital, exploration and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. Historically, we have maintained insurance coverage for physical damage including at times resulting business
interruption to our major onshore and offshore facilities, with significant self-insured retentions. In the future, we may not be able
to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates. As a result of market conditions, premiums and
deductibles for our insurance policies will change over time and could escalate. In some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable
or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. 

Litigation
by private plaintiffs or government officials or entities could adversely affect our performance. 

We
currently are defending litigation and anticipate that we will be required to defend new litigation in the future. The subject matter
of such litigation may include releases of hazardous substances from our facilities, privacy laws, contract disputes, title disputes,
royalty disputes or any other laws or regulations that apply to our operations. In some cases, the plaintiff or plaintiffs seek alleged
damages involving large classes of potential litigants and may allege damages relating to extended periods of time or other alleged facts
and circumstances. If we are not able to successfully defend such claims, they may result in substantial liability. We do not have insurance
covering all of these potential liabilities. In addition to substantial liability, litigation may also seek injunctive relief which could
have an adverse effect on our future operations. 

For
all of the foregoing reasons and others set forth herein, an investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

71 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Cycle Energy
 owns 3.14 acres of land located at 205S Bailey Street, Electra,
Texas 76360. It has a 1,500 square foot shop built on it that is being used for its operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

In
the ordinary course of business, the Company may become a party to lawsuits involving various matters. The impact and outcome of litigation,
if any, is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm
its business. 

Such
current litigation or other legal proceedings are described in, and incorporated by reference in, this Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K from, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements in Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies . The Company believes the ultimate resolution of any such current proceeding
will not have a material adverse effect on our continued financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, assessment
of the current litigation or other legal claims could change in light of the discovery of facts not presently known to the Company or
by judges, juries or other finders of fact, which are not in accord with management s evaluation of the possible liability or outcome
of such litigation or claims. 

Additionally,
the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against the Company in a reporting period
for amounts in excess of management s expectations, the Company s financial condition and operating results for that reporting
period could be materially adversely affected. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

72 

 Table of Contents 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB Market maintained by OTC Markets Group Inc. under the symbol AMIH . At present, there
is a limited market for our common stock. The OTC Market is a network of security dealers who buy and sell stock. The dealers are connected
by a computer network that provides information on current bids and asks , as well as volume information.
The following table sets forth the range of high and low sales prices for our common stock for each of the periods indicated as reported
by the OTCQB Market. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily
represent actual transactions. 

Effective
on May 12, 2022, the Company affected a 1-for-60 reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding common stock by the filing of a Certificate
of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of Nevada (filed on May 6, 2022 and effective
on May 12, 2022)(the Reverse Stock Split ). The Reverse Stock Split has been retroactively reflected in the disclosures
below. 

Fiscal 2022 
 Fiscal 2021 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter ended March 31 (1) 
 5.04 
 2.40 
 34.80 
 8.47 
 
 Second Quarter ended June 30 
 2.76 
 0.20 
 13.20 
 6.06 
 
 Third Quarter ended September 30 
 0.26 
 0.02 
 7.80 
 3.02 
 
 Fourth Quarter ended December 31 
 0.04 
 0.004 
 7.20 
 3.00 

As
of May 22, 2023, our shares of common stock were held by approximately 248 stockholders of record. 

Dividends 

We
have never paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain all future earnings for use in our
business. Consequently, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends in the future
will depend upon our results of operations, as well as our short-term and long-term cash availability, working capital, working capital
needs, and other factors as determined by our board of directors. Currently, except as may be provided by applicable laws, there are
no contractual or other restrictions on our ability to pay dividends if we were to decide to declare and pay them. 

Description
of Capital Stock 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 195,000,000 shares of common stock with a 0.0001 par value per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred
stock with a 0.0001 par value per share. As of the date of this Report, we have designated 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock
and 2,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. As of the date of this Report, there are 195,000,000 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding, 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding and no shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and
outstanding. The following is a summary of the material provisions of the common stock and preferred stock provided for in our Articles
of Incorporation and Bylaws. For additional details about our capital stock, please refer to our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. 

Common
Stock 

Voting
Rights . Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all stockholder matters. Shares of our common stock do not
possess any cumulative voting rights. 

73 

 Table of Contents 

Except
for the election of directors, if a quorum is present, an action on a matter is approved if it receives the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the voting power of the shares of capital stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled
to vote on the matter, unless otherwise required by applicable law, Nevada law, our Articles of Incorporation, as amended or Bylaws,
as amended. The election of directors will be determined by a plurality of the votes cast in respect of the shares present in person
or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote, meaning that the nominees with the greatest number of votes cast, even if
less than a majority, will be elected. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common stock are subject to, and may be impacted
by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we have designated or may designate and issue in the future. 

Dividend
Rights . Each share of our common stock is entitled to equal dividends and distributions per share with respect to the common
stock when, as and if declared by our board of directors, subject to any preferential or other rights of any outstanding preferred stock. 

Liquidation
and Dissolution Rights . Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, our common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata on
a share-for-share basis, the assets available for distribution to the stockholders after payment of liabilities and payment of preferential
and other amounts, if any, payable on any outstanding preferred stock. 

Fully
Paid Status . All outstanding shares of the Company s common stock are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

Other
Matters . No holder of any shares of our common stock has a preemptive right to subscribe for any of our securities, nor are any
shares of our common stock subject to redemption or convertible into other securities. 

Preferred
Stock 

On
May 18, 2020, the board of directors of the Company approved the filing of (a) an Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of
the Company s Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series A Designation 
and (b) an Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of the Company s Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series
B Preferred Stock and the Series B Designation ), with the Secretary of State of Nevada, which designations
were filed with, and became effective with, the Secretary of State of Nevada on the same date. On May 6, 2022, a Second Amended and Restated
designation of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock was filed and became effective with the Secretary of State of Nevada, whereby,
among other things, a 1,000-for-1 forward stock split of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock of the Company was effected, which
has not been retroactively reflected below. The Series A Designation designated three shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the Series
B Designation designated 2,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. On May 18, 2023, the Company
file d a Certificate of Correction with the Secretary of State of Nevada, to its Certificate of Designations of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

Dividend
Rights . The New Series A Shares do not accrue dividends. 

Liquidation
Preference . The New Series A Shares have no liquidation preference. 

74 

 Table of Contents 

Conversion
Rights . Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock may, at its option, convert its shares of Series A Preferred Stock (each a Series
A Conversion into that number of shares of common stock equal to the holder s pro rata share of all Series A Preferred
Stock then issued and outstanding, multiplied by (i) 60 , minus the aggregate percentage of the Company s outstanding common stock
previously converted by holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, through such applicable date (the Remaining Percentage )(for
example, if prior to the applicable date of determination, shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been converted into 3 of the outstanding
shares of common stock as of such date of determination, the Remaining Percentage would be 57 ), multiplied by (ii) the outstanding shares
of our common stock as of the applicable date of determination, divided by 0.40, divided by (iii) the total number of shares of Series
A Preferred Stock then outstanding. No individual conversion by any individual holder shall be in an amount greater than 9.99 of the
outstanding common stock of the Company on the date on which the holder delivers notice of such conversion to the Company (the Individual
Conversion Limitation ). The result of the above, is that such Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into 60 of the Company s
outstanding common stock (on a post-conversion basis, i.e., 150 of the Company s outstanding common stock on a pre-conversion
basis) currently. 

For
example, based on 195,000,000 total outstanding shares of common stock, the Series A Preferred Stock has the right to convert into =
195,000,000 shares, divided by 0.40 = 487,500,000 shares, multiplied by 60 = 292,500,000 total shares of common stock (which is also
the total voting rights associated with the Series A Preferred Stock). 

Voting
Rights . For so long as any shares of the Series A Preferred Stock remain issued and outstanding, the holders thereof, voting
separately as a class, shall have the right to vote on all shareholder matters (including, but not limited to at every meeting of the
stockholders of the Company and upon any action taken by stockholders of the Company with or without a meeting) equal to the Remaining
Percentage of the total vote (the Total Series A Vote ). For example, if there are 195,000,000 shares of the Company s
common stock issued and outstanding at the time of a shareholder vote, and the Remaining Percentage is 60 , the holders of the Series
A Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class, will have the right to vote an aggregate of 292,500,000 shares, out of a total number
of 487,500,000 shares voting. All Series A Shares shall vote together with the common stock on all shareholder matters as its own voting
class. 

Additionally,
so long as Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the Company shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66-2/3 
of all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class (i) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Articles
of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Company so as to adversely affect the designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights
of the Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) effect any reclassification of the Series A Preferred Stock, (iii) designate any additional series
of preferred stock, the designation of which adversely effects the rights, privileges, preferences or limitations of the Series A Preferred
Stock; or (iv) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Series A Designation (except in connection with certain non-material technical
amendments). 

Redemption
Rights . The New Series A Shares have no redemption rights. 

Protective
Provisions . Subject to the rights of series of preferred stock which may from time to time come into existence, so long as any
shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company cannot without first obtaining the approval (by written consent, as provided
by law) of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a class: 

(a)
Issue any additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock after the original issuance of shares of Series A Preferred Stock; 

(b)
Increase or decrease the total number of authorized or designated shares of Series A Preferred Stock; 

(c)
Effect an exchange, reclassification, or cancellation of all or a part of the Series A Preferred Stock; 

(d)
Effect an exchange, or create a right of exchange, of all or part of the shares of another class of shares into shares of Series A Preferred
Stock; or 

(e)
Alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock so as to affect adversely the shares
of such series, including the rights set forth in the Second Amended and Restated Designation. 

75 

 Table of Contents 

Transfer
Restrictions . Each holder of New Series A Shares is prohibited from Transferring any shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Transfer 
means directly or indirectly (a) offering for sale, selling, pledging, hypothecating, transferring, assigning or otherwise disposing
of (or enter into any transaction or device that is designed to, or could be expected to, result in the sale, pledge, hypothecation,
transfer, assignment or other disposition at any time) (including, without limitation, by operation of law); or (b) entering into any
swap or other derivatives transaction that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the benefits or risks of ownership of the
applicable securities, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of securities or other securities, in cash or otherwise. 

A
total of 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock are currently outstanding. 

Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock 

The
Series B Designation provides for the Series B Preferred Stock to have the following rights: 

Dividend
Rights . The Series B Preferred Stock does not accrue any dividends, but the Series B Preferred Stock holders are entitled to
share in dividends paid to the holders of the Company s common stock to the same extent that such holders would have received such
dividends had they converted the Series B Preferred Stock into common stock pursuant to the conversion rights discussed below. 

Liquidation
Preference . In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary (each
a Liquidation Event ), the holders of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive pari passu with any distribution
of any of the assets of the Company to the holders of the Company s common stock, but not prior to any holders of senior securities
(which include holders of capital leases, other preferred stock and debt holders, and banks or others, which hold priority liquidation
preferences over the assets of the Company), which holders of the senior securities have priority to the distribution of any assets of
the Company, an amount per share for each share of Series B Preferred Stock held by them equal to 1.00 per share. 

Conversion
Rights . Each share of Series B Preferred Stock may be converted, at the option of the holder thereof, into that number of shares
of common stock of the Company as equals 1.00 divided by 90 of the average of the volume weighted average prices VWAP of the Company s common, for the five trading days immediately preceding the date the notice of conversion is received, with any
remainder rounded to the hundredths place. Notwithstanding the above, at no time may the Series B Preferred Stock be converted into shares
of our common stock by any holder, if such conversion would result in such holder thereof and its affiliates owning an aggregate of in
excess of 4.999 of the then outstanding shares of our common stock, which amount may be increased to 9.999 on a per holder basis, upon
61 days prior written notice. 

Voting
Rights . The Series B Preferred Stock has no voting rights on general corporate matters, provided that the Series B Designation
does contain customary protective provisions restricting the Company s ability to undertake any of the following without the approval
of a majority in interest of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock: 

(a)
Increase or decrease (other than by redemption or conversion) the total number of authorized shares of Series B Preferred Stock; 

(b)
Re-issue any shares of Series B Preferred Stock converted pursuant to the terms of the Series B Designation; 

(c)
Issue any shares of Series B Preferred Stock other than pursuant to the SPA; 

(d)
Alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock so as to affect adversely the shares
of such series; or 

(e)
Amend or waive any provision of the Company s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws relative to the Series B Preferred Stock so as
to affect adversely the shares of Series B Preferred Stock in any material respect as compared to holders of other series of shares. 

76 

 Table of Contents 

Redemption
Rights . The Series B Preferred Stock has no redemption rights. 

No
shares of Series B Preferred Stock are currently outstanding. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions Under the Nevada Revised Statutes 

Business
Combinations 

Sections
78.411 to 78.444 of the Nevada revised statutes (the NRS prohibit a Nevada corporation from engaging in a combination 
with an interested stockholder for three years following the date that such person becomes an interested stockholder
and places certain restrictions on such combinations even after the expiration of the three-year period. With certain exceptions, an
interested stockholder is a person or group that owns 10 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting power (including stock
with respect to which the person has voting rights and any rights to acquire stock pursuant to an option, warrant, agreement, arrangement,
or understanding or upon the exercise of conversion or exchange rights) or is an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was the
owner of 10 or more of such voting stock at any time within the previous three years. 

A
Nevada corporation may elect not to be governed by Sections 78.411 to 78.444 by a provision in its Articles of Incorporation. We do not
have such a provision in our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, pursuant to which we have elected to opt out
of Sections 78.411 to 78.444; therefore, these sections apply to us. 

Control
Shares 

Nevada
law also seeks to impede unfriendly corporate takeovers by providing in Sections 78.378 to 78.3793 of the NRS that
an acquiring person shall only obtain voting rights in the control shares purchased by such
person to the extent approved by the other stockholders at a meeting. With certain exceptions, an acquiring person is one who acquires
or offers to acquire a controlling interest in the corporation, defined as one-fifth or more of the voting power.
Control shares include not only shares acquired or offered to be acquired in connection with the acquisition of a controlling interest,
but also all shares acquired by the acquiring person within the preceding 90 days. The statute covers not only the acquiring person but
also any persons acting in association with the acquiring person. The NRS control share statutes only apply to issuers that have 200
or more stockholders of record, at least 100 of whom have had addresses in Nevada appearing on the stock ledger of the corporation at
all times during the 90 days immediately preceding such date; and whom do business in Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation. 

A
Nevada corporation may elect to opt out of the provisions of Sections 78.378 to 78.3793 of the NRS. We do not have a provision in our
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation pursuant to which we have elected to opt out of Sections 78.378 to 78.3793; therefore,
these sections do apply to us, subject to the above exceptions. 

Removal
of Directors 

Section
78.335 of the NRS provides that 2/3rds of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company are required to remove
a Director from office. As such, it may be more difficult for stockholders to remove Directors due to the fact the NRS requires greater
than majority approval of the stockholders for such removal. 

77 

 Table of Contents 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

The
following provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws could have the effect of delaying or discouraging another party from
acquiring control of us and could encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors: 

no cumulative
 voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 

the right of our board
 of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or
 removal of a director, with our stockholders only allowed to fill such a vacancy if not filled by the board; 

the ability of our board
 of directors to alter our Bylaws without obtaining stockholder approval; and 

the requirement that a
 special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the board of directors, the Chairman of the Board, the President or a committee
 of the board of directors duly designated and whose powers and authority include the power to call meetings may call special meetings
 of the Company. 

Listing 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB Market under the symbol AMIH . 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, 6201 15th Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11219.
Its telephone number is (800) 937-5449. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There
have been no sales of unregistered securities during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 and from the period from January 1, 2023, to
the filing date of this report, which have not previously been disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on
Form 8-K, except as discussed below: 

From
January 5, 2023 through February 8, 2023, the Company converted a total of 488,924 of its outstanding convertible debt into 119,398,125
shares of common stock and at various prices per share of common stock ranging from 0.0063 to 0.0023 per share. 

On
March 1, 2023, the Company entered into a Service Agreement with Greentree Financial Group, Inc. GreenTree whereby
GreenTree agreed to provide the Company with assistance of its financial reporting and statement preparations for the year ended December
31, 2022 and the three quarters ended March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023, as well as in connection with the preparation
of the Company s 2022 US corporate income tax returns (the Service Agreement ). The Service Agreement commenced
on March 1, 2023 and ends on December 31, 2023. In consideration for the services provided under the Service Agreement, the Company agreed
to pay GreenTree 120,000 of which 20,000 is to be paid in cash and the remaining 100,000 to be paid through the issuance of a Convertible
Promissory Note (the GreenTree Note ). The GreenTree Note had an effective date of March 1, 2023, has a term of one
year, accrues interest at the rate of 12 per annum, and converts into common stock at the option of GreenTree at the lower of a) 0.01
per share and b) 50 of the lowest trading prices of the Company s common stock on the primary trading market for the common stock
for the last twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to but not including the conversion date. The Company may, at its option, at
any time and from time to time, prepay all or any part of the principal balance of the GreenTree Service Note before the maturity date,
with a penalty or premium equal to 20 of the sum of any outstanding principal and any interest accrued as of the prepayment date provided
that the Company provide GreenTree fifteen (15) days advanced written notice of its intent to prepay. The GreenTree Note includes
a 4.9 beneficial ownership limitation preventing the conversion of the note into common stock if upon such conversion GreenTree would
beneficially own more than 4.9 of the Company s then outstanding common stock, which may be increased to up to 9.9 with not less
than 61 days prior written notice. We agreed to pay 1,500 of GreenTree s costs in connection with each conversion of the GreenTree
Note. If at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any common stock, options to purchase common stock, securities convertible into
common stock or rights relating to common stock (the Purchase Rights to any person, entity, association, or other
organization other than GreenTree, at a price per share less than the conversion price then in effect, then the conversion price is automatically
reduced to match the price per share of the Purchase Rights. The GreenTree Note contains customary events of default. 

78 

 Table of Contents 

The
issuances described above, except as otherwise disclosed, or set forth below, were exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2),
Rule 506 of Regulation D and/or Regulation S of the Securities Act, since the foregoing issuances and grants did not involve a public
offering, the recipients took the securities for investment and not resale, we took take appropriate measures to restrict transfer, and
the recipients were (a) accredited investors (b) had access to similar documentation and information as would be
required in a Registration Statement under the Securities Act; or (c) were non U.S. persons. The securities are subject to transfer restrictions,
and the certificates evidencing the securities contain an appropriate legend stating that such securities have not been registered under
the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant to an exemption therefrom. The securities were not
registered under the Securities Act and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption
from registration under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws. 

We
claim an exemption from registration afforded by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, for the above conversions, as the securities
were exchanged by the Company with its existing security holders exclusively in transactions where no commission or other remuneration
was paid or given directly or indirectly for soliciting such exchange. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by The Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere
in this Report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future results of the Company
that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industry in which the Company operates and the
beliefs and assumptions of the management of the Company. Words such as expects, anticipates, 
 targets, goals, projects, intends, plans, 
 believes, seeks, estimates, variations of such words, and similar expressions
are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those
expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited
to, those discussed elsewhere in this Report, particularly under Risk Factors , and in other reports we file with
the SEC. All references to years relate to the calendar year ended December 31 of the particular year. See also Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements , above. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking
statements for any reason, except as required by law. 

79 

 Table of Contents 

Plan
of Operations 

The
Company intends to continue to grow its business both organically and by identifying acquisition targets over the next twelve months
in the energy and oil and gas industry. As these opportunities arise, the Company will determine the best method for financing its growth,
which may include the issuance of additional debt instruments, common stock, preferred stock, or a combination thereof, any of which
may cause significant dilution to existing shareholders. We expect to raise funds in the future through the sale of debt and/or equity
in order to allow us to operate for the next twelve months, and may need to raise further additional capital in order to expedite our
growth through acquisitions, none of which are currently planned. 

Introduction 

Our
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is provided in addition to
the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial
condition, and cash flows. MD A is organized as follows: 

Results
 of Operations . An analysis of our financial results comparing the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital
 Resources . A discussion of our financial condition, including descriptions of balance sheet information and cash flows. 

Critical Accounting
 Policies and Estimates . Critical accounting policies and estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions
 and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results and forecasts. 

All
references to years relate to the fiscal year ended December 31 of the particular year. 

This
information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data of this Report. 

Results
of Operations 

Revenues 

We
had revenues of 61,899 and 20,169 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in revenues in 2022 was
due primarily to an increase in activity in our pharmacy operations, which have since been terminated. We recognized revenues in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
 ASC Topic 606. A five-step process has been designed for the individual or pool of contracts to keep financial statements focused on
this principle. Revenues from fixed-price and cost-plus contracts are recognized on the percentage of completion method, whereby revenues
on long-term contracts were recorded on the basis of the Company s estimates of the percentage of completion of contracts based
on the ratio of actual cost incurred to total estimated costs. This cost-to-cost method was used because management considered it to
be the best available measure of progress on these contacts. Revenues from cost-plus-fee contracts were recognized on the basis of costs
incurred during the period plus the fee earned, measured on the cost-to-cost method. Revenues from time-and-material and rate chart contracts
were recognized currently as work is performed. 

Cost
of Revenues 

We
had cost of revenues of 6,320 and 39,738, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cost of revenues include
all direct material, sub-contractor, labor and certain other direct costs, as well as those indirect costs related to contract performance,
such as indirect labor and fringe benefits. 

80 

 Table of Contents 

Operating
Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses were 2,484,057 and 6,975,654 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease
in 2022 was due primarily to a reduction in stock-based compensation by the amount of 3,730,766 for services rendered, to 452,624 for
the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 4,183,390 for the year ended December 31, 2021, and an increase of 2,762 in general
professional expenses and consulting services, to 416,834 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 414,072 for the year
ended December 31, 2021, as the Company s overall business expenses declined due to a lack of financial and capital resources. 

Other
Expenses 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we incurred interest expense of 324,024 and 184,589, respectively. 

Amortization
of debt discount was 2,577,706 and 1,958,298 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We
had a gain of 2,095,796 and a loss of 1,071,028 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, due to change in derivative
liabilities. See also Note 10 Derivative Liabilities , in the notes to consolidated financial statements included
in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data of this Report, for a more detailed discussion of gain (loss) in
derivative liabilities which is non-cash. 

We
had a settlement gain of 47,232 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a settlement loss of 61,859 for the year ended December
31, 2021, each in connection with debt settlements that occurred during the respective periods. 

We
had a gain on disposition of subsidiaries of 323,262 and 0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in connection
with sale of Mangoceuticals, Inc. and Epiq MD, Inc. 

Discontinued
operations 

During
2021, the Company decided to discontinue the operation of its VISSIA McKinney, VISSIA Waterway, Legend Nutrition, Capitol City Solutions
USA, Inc. subsidiaries. VISSIA McKinney, VISSIA Waterway, Legend Nutrition, Capitol City Solutions USA, Inc. have been presented as discontinued
operations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and are summarized below: 

The Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 - 
 2,530 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gross profit 
 - 
 2,530 
 
 Operating expenses 
 (14,199 
 (57,660 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (14,199 
 (55,130 
 
 Other income (expenses) 
 - 
 299,716 
 
 Gain(loss) from discontinued operations 
 (14,199 
 244,586 

As of 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets of discontinued operations current 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Assets of discontinued operations - intangible 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Assets of discontinued operations - non-current 
 - 
 14,199 
 
 Net liabilities of discontinued operations 
 4,948 
 112,199 

81 

 Table of Contents 

Net
Loss 

We
had a net loss of 2,863,918, or 0.36 per share from continuing operations and 14,199 or 0.00 per share from discontinued
operations during the year ended December 31, 2022, totaling an aggregate of 2,878,117 or 0.36 per share in total net loss. We had
a net loss of 10,225,497, or 8.19 per share from continuing operations and a gain of 244,586 or 0.20 per share from discontinued
operations during the year ended December 31, 2021, for a total net loss of 9,980,911 or 8.19 per share. The decrease in net loss
in 2022 was primarily attributable to the decrease in non-cash expenses in connection with stock-based compensation, amortization of
debt discount, the change in derivative values associated with outstanding convertible debt, settlement loss in connection with the
common shares issued for notes settlement, and the decrease in gross profit and revenues, each as discussed above. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had total assets of 343,335 and 1,231,445, respectively, including 0 and 14,199 of assets
of discontinued operations, respectively. The main reason for the decrease in total assets as of December 31, 2022, compared to December
31, 2021, was due to a 1,012,852 decrease in cash, which was mainly due to the Company s operating activities. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had total liabilities of 4,820,674 and 5,100,557, respectively, which consisted of accounts
payable, accrued interest and accrued compensation in the amount of 344,388 and 252,194, respectively, convertible notes payable (net
of discount) and loans payable to related parties and non-related parties (net of discount) in the amounts of 2,596,563 and 594,892
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and derivative liabilities of 1,837,008 and 4,141,272, respectively. We also had 4,948
and 112,199 of net liabilities related to discontinued operations. The Company had a total stockholders deficit of 4,477,339
and 3,869,112 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 1,737,250, compared to net cash used in operating activities
of 2,211,762 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Negative cash flows during the year ended December 31, 2022, were due primarily to
the net loss of 2,863,918 and change in derivative liabilities of 2,290,489, partially offset by non-cash expenses, including stock-based
compensation of 452,624, amortization of debt discount of 2,577,706, and derivative expense of 460,960. Comparatively, negative cash
flows during the year ended December 31, 2021, were due primarily to the net loss of 10,225,497, partially offset by non-cash expenses,
including stock-based compensation of 4,334,857 and amortization of debt discount of 1,958,298. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash provided by investing activities of 314,173 and 10,000, respectively. The net
cash provided by investing activities in each year was solely attributable to capital expenditures for and disposal of property and equipment. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net cash flows provided by financing activities were 410,225 and 3,386,335, respectively,
primarily attributable to the reduction of proceeds from notes payable to related parties and non-related parties during the respective
periods. We had proceeds of 417,758 from non-related party borrowings in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to proceeds of 141,928
from related party borrowings and proceeds of 3,738,999 from non-related party borrowings in the year ended December 31, 2021. We made
repayments of 2,000 on related party borrowings and repayments of 0 on non-related party borrowings in the year ended December 31,
2022 compared to repayments of 427,500 on non-related party borrowings and repayments of 141,928 on related party borrowings in the
year ended December 31, 2021. We had proceeds of 0 from sales of stock in 2021, which was 100,000 in 2021. 

We
had cash of 196,955 and a working capital deficit of 4,570,096 as of December 31, 2022. On the short-term basis, we will be required
to raise a significant amount of additional funds over the next 12 months to sustain operations and pay outstanding liabilities. On a
long-term basis, we will potentially need to raise capital to grow and develop our business. 

82 

 Table of Contents 

On
September 27, 2021, October 29, 2021, November 2, 2021, and November 12, 2021, Jacob Cohen, our Chief Executive Officer, advanced
the Company, 50,000, 15,000, 10,000, and 40,000, respectively, which loans are payable upon demand and not bearing interest.
These amounts were repaid in November 2021. 

It
is likely that we will require significant additional financing within the next 12 months and if we are unable to raise the needed funds
on an acceptable basis, we may be forced to cease or curtail operations. 

On
March 1, 2023, the Company entered into a Service Agreement with Greentree Financial Group, Inc. GreenTree whereby
GreenTree agreed to provide the Company with assistance of its financial reporting and statement preparations for the year ended December
31, 2022 and the three quarters ended March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023, as well as in connection with the preparation
of the Company s 2022 US corporate income tax returns (the Service Agreement ). The Service Agreement commenced
on March 1, 2023 and ends on December 31, 2023. In consideration for the services provided under the Service Agreement, the Company agreed
to pay GreenTree 120,000 of which 20,000 is to be paid in cash and the remaining 100,000 to be paid through the issuance of a Convertible
Promissory Note (the GreenTree Note ). The GreenTree Note had an effective date of March 1, 2023, has a term of one
year, accrues interest at the rate of 12 per annum, and converts into common stock at the option of GreenTree at the lower of a) 0.01
per share and b) 50 of the lowest trading prices of the Company s common stock on the primary trading market for the common stock
for the last twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to but not including the conversion date. The Company may, at its option, at
any time and from time to time, prepay all or any part of the principal balance of the GreenTree Service Note before the maturity date,
with a penalty or premium equal to 20 of the sum of any outstanding principal and any interest accrued as of the prepayment date provided
that the Company provide GreenTree fifteen (15) days advanced written notice of its intent to prepay. The GreenTree Note includes
a 4.9 beneficial ownership limitation preventing the conversion of the note into common stock if upon such conversion GreenTree would
beneficially own more than 4.9 of the Company s then outstanding common stock, which may be increased to up to 9.9 with not less
than 61 days prior written notice. We agreed to pay 1,500 of GreenTree s costs in connection with each conversion of the GreenTree
Note. If at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any common stock, options to purchase common stock, securities convertible into
common stock or rights relating to common stock (the Purchase Rights to any person, entity, association, or other
organization other than GreenTree, at a price per share less than the conversion price then in effect, then the conversion price is automatically
reduced to match the price per share of the Purchase Rights. The GreenTree Note contains customary events of default. 

On
May 9, 2023, we entered into a Secured Promissory Note in favor of The Loev Law Firm, PC, our outside securities counsel, which evidenced
 40,000 owed to such law firm in consideration for legal services rendered and agreed to be rendered. The note is due on May 28, 2023,
together with interest at the rate of 6 per annum, which increases to 15 per annum upon the occurrence of an event of default. The
note is personally guaranteed by Michael McLaren, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, and secured by an oil and gas property located
in Wichita County, Texas and a deed of trust thereon. The note includes customary covenants and events of default. 

Additional
information regarding the Company s (a) accrued compensation for related parties can be found in Note 6 Accrued
Compensation for Related Parties (b) notes payable can be found in Note 7 Notes Payable (c) related party
loans can be found in Note 8 Loans from Related Parties and (d) derivative liabilities can be found in Note
10 Derivative Liabilities in the notes to unconsolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data of this Report. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
See Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the audited financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data , of this Report. 

83 

 Table of Contents 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company generates its revenue from monthly membership subscriptions. Revenue is recognized at the time of delivery and includes a delivery
fee for each delivery or a subscription fee on a monthly basis for memberships. Under Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09 (Topic 606) Revenue from Contracts with Customers , revenue from contracts with customers is measured based
on the consideration specified in the contract with the customer, and excludes any sales incentives and amounts collected on behalf of
third parties. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to a customer and is the unit
of account under Topic 606. The Company s contracts with its customers do not include multiple performance obligations. The Company
recognizes revenue when a performance obligation is satisfied by transferring control over a product or service to a customer. The amount
of revenue recognized reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for such products or services. 

ZipDoctor,
Inc: The base monthly subscription fees range from 25.00- 45.00 per month and is dependent on the number of family members included
in the plan. The customer gains immediate access to the telemedicine platform upon completing the enrollment process and making the first
month s payment, at which point the Company recognizes the revenue from that customer. Billing commences on the day that the customer
is enrolled for the Company s services and is continued to be billed on the calendar day of each calendar month, in accordance
with the original date of enrollment. 

Customer s
may cancel their subscription at any time provided that they provide the Company with thirty (30) days advanced written notice of cancellation
with no cancellation fees charged to the customer. In the event a subscriber provides a notice of cancellation within the membership
period, the customer will be billed on their regular billing date at an amount adjusted to reflect an amount due until the cancellation
date. 

For
avoidance of doubt, if a subscriber is billed 25.00 on the 1st of the month and cancels on the 15th, the subscriber will be billed on
the 1st of the following month at a prorated rate through the 15th, or at a rate of 12.50. 

Fair
value of financial instruments 

The
Company measures its financial and non-financial assets and liabilities, as well as makes related disclosures, in accordance with FASB
ASC. 820, Fair Value Measurement, which provides guidance with respect to valuation techniques to be utilized in the determination of
fair value of assets and liabilities. Approaches include, (i) the market approach (comparable market prices), (ii) the income approach
(present value of future income or cash flow), and (iii) the cost approach (cost to replace the service capacity of an asset or replacement
cost). ASC 820 utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three
broad levels. The following is a brief description of those three levels: 

Level
1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level
2: Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets
or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 

Level
3: Unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as
valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 

84 

 Table of Contents 

Our
financial instruments include cash, accounts receivable, other receivable, inventories, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, convertible
note payable, and derivative liabilities. 

The
carrying values of the Company s cash, accounts receivable, other receivable, inventories, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities
approximate their fair value due to their short-term nature. 

The
Company s convertible notes payable are measured at amortized cost. 

The
derivative liabilities are stated at their fair value as a level 3 measurement. The Company used the Lattice Model to determine the fair
values of these derivative liabilities. See Note 10 Derivative Liabilities of the financial statements included
herein, for the Company s assumptions used in determining the fair value of these financial instruments. 

Convertible
note payable 

The
Company accounts for convertible notes payable in accordance with the Under Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB ASC No. 815, Derivatives and Hedging, since the conversion feature is not indexed to the Company s
stock and can t be classified in equity. The Company allocates the proceeds received from convertible notes payable between the
liability component and conversion feature component. The conversion feature that is considered embedded derivative liabilities has been
recorded at their fair value as its fair value can be separated from the convertible note and its conversion is independent of the underlying
note value. The Company has also recorded the resulting discount on debt related to the conversion feature and is amortizing the discount
using the effective interest rate method over the life of the debt instruments. 

Derivative
liabilities 

The
Company accounts for derivative liabilities in accordance with the FASB ASC No. 815, Derivatives and Hedging. ASC 815 requires companies
to recognize all derivative liabilities in the balance sheet at fair value, and marks it to market at each reporting date with the resulting
gains or losses shown in the Statement of Operations. 

Stock
based compensation 

The
Company recognizes compensation costs to employees under FASB ASC Compensation - Stock Compensation . Under ASC
718, companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value
and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees are required to provide services. Share-based
compensation arrangements include stock options and warrants. As such, compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at their fair
value. Such compensation amounts, if any, are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the option grant. 

On
July 27, 2018, the inception date, the Company adopted ASU No. 2018-07 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements
to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting. These amendments expand the scope of Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation
(which currently only includes share-based payments to employees) to include share-based payments issued to nonemployees for goods or
services. Consequently, the accounting for share-based payments to nonemployees and employees will be substantially aligned. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Pursuant
to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as
it is a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). 

85 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

AMERICAN
INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS CORP. 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page
 No. 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID NO: 
 87 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID NO: 
 89 
 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 91 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 92 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 93 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 94 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 95 

86 

 Table of Contents 

Your Vision Our Focus 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 American International Holdings Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet of American International Holdings Corp. as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes
in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of American
International Holdings Corp. as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended ,
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 13 to the financial statements, the entity has suffered
recurring losses from inception, has a working capital deficit, and has an equity deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 13. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required
to be independent with respect to American International Holdings Corp. in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. American International Holdings Corp. is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Accountants
 and Consultants 
 12700
 Park Central Drive, Suite 1400 
 Dallas,
 Texas 75251 
 Telephone:
 972-239-1660 Facsimile: 972-239-1665 
 Toll
 Free: 877-853-4195 
 Web
 site: turnerstone.com 

INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF ACCOUNTANTS
 AND AUDITORS 

87 

 Table of Contents 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As disclosed in Note 10 to the financial statements,
the Company had various debt instruments which included conversion features which require separate accounting. Management evaluated the
required accounting, significant estimates, and judgements around the valuation for these derivatives. These derivatives were initially
measured at fair value and have subsequently been remeasured to fair value at each reporting period. 

There is no current observable market for these types
of features and, as such, the Company determined the fair value of the derivatives using a Monte Carlo pricing model to measure the fair
value of the derivatives. As a result, a high degree of auditor judgment and effort was required in performing audit procedures to evaluate
the conclusions reached by management as well as the inputs to the Company s pricing model. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in
the Audit 

Our principal audit procedures performed to address
this critical audit matter included the following: 

- 
 We obtained an understanding of the controls and processes surrounding the evaluation, initial measurement, and revaluation of the derivatives. 

- 
 We evaluated management s assessment and the conclusions reached to ensure these instruments were recorded in accordance with the relevant accounting guidance. 

- 
 We evaluated the fair value of the derivatives that included testing the valuation models and assumptions utilized by management. We reviewed and tested the fair value model used, significant assumptions, and underlying data used in the model. 

- 
 Engaged a specialist to assist in our evaluation of the Company s pricing model and related inputs to the pricing model. 

/s/ Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. 

We have served as American International Holdings
Corp. s auditor since 2023. 

June 9, 2023 

88 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of American International Holdings Corp., 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of American International Holdings Corp. (the Company) as of December 31, 2021,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
13 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered net losses from continuing and discontinued operations, which raises substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are discussed in Note 13. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and the significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

89 

 Table of Contents 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

As
discussed in Note 7, the Company borrows funds through the use of convertible notes payable that contain a conversion price that may
be fixed or fluctuates with the stock price. 

Auditing
management s estimates of the fair value of the derivative liability involves significant judgements and estimates given the embedded
conversion features of the notes. 

To
evaluate the appropriateness of the fluctuation of the conversion price, the embedded conversion feature requires bifurcation from the
host contract and is recorded as a liability subject to market adjustments as of each reporting period. Significant judgment is exercised
by the Company in determining derivative liability values for these convertible note agreements, including the use of a specialist engaged
by management. 

We
evaluated management s conclusions regarding their derivative liability and reviewed support for the significant inputs used in
the valuation model, as well as assessing the model for reasonableness. 

/s/ M K
 CPAS, PLLC 

We have served as the
 Company s auditor since 2015 

March 29, 2022 

90 

 Table of Contents 

American
International Holdings Corp. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use asset - operating lease 
 
 - 
 
 Rent deposits 

Assets of discontinued operations 
 - 

TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued interest payable 

Accrued compensation - related parties 

Deferred revenue - related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use liability - operating lease 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes payable, net of debt discount of and 

Loans payable to related parties 

Loans payable 

Derivative liabilities 

Liabilities of discontinued operations 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 

Loans payable 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 
 
 - 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 13) 
 - 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, (par value , shares authorized, of which shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Common stock (par value , shares authorized, of which and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Treasury stock, at cost 

Common stock payable 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS CORP 

Non-controlling interest 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

91 

 Table of Contents 

American
International Holdings Corp. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

For The Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit (loss) 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Amortization of debt discount 

Change in derivative liabilities 

Forgiveness of loan 
 - 

Gain on disposition of subsidiaries 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 

Settlement income (loss) 

Total other expense, net 

Loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Discontinued operations: 

(Loss) gain from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Net loss attributed to non-controlling interest 
 
 - 

Net loss attributed to American International Holdings Corp 

Basic loss per share 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Diluted loss per share 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

92 

 Table of Contents 

American
International Holdings Corp. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 (Deficit) 
 Interest 
 Stock 
 (Deficit) 

Additional 
 Retained Earnings 

Total 

Preferred
 Stock A 
 Preferred
 Stock B 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 
 Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 
 Treasury 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit) 
 Interest 
 Stock 
 (Deficit) 

Bal ance,
December 31, 2020 

- 
 - 

- 

Imputed interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Reclassification of derivative
 liabilities due to note conversion 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of Series B preferred
 shares for In Process Research and Development 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common shares for
 Series B preferred shares conversion 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common shares under
 private placement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common shares for
 note conversion and settlement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of shares for services
 - related parties 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of shares for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common shares for
 debt settlement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31,
 2021 

- 
 - 

- 

Reclassification of derivative
 liabilities due to note conversion 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common shares for
 note conversion and settlement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of shares for service
 - related partis 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of shares for service 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Loan settlement - related parties 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Gain on disposition of subsidiary
 - related parties 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Rounding up shares due to reverse
 split 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance, December 31,
 2022 

- 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

93 

 Table of Contents 

American International Holdings Corp. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of debt discount 

Change in derivative liabilities 

Depreciation 
 
 - 
 
 Derivatives expenses 

Forgiveness of loan 
 - 

Imputed interest expense 
 - 

Interest expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gain(Loss) on disposal 

(Gain) loss on loans settlement 
 - 

Stock issued for services rendered 

Stock issued for in process research and development 
 - 

(Increase) decrease in operating assets: 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Rent deposits 

(Decrease) increase in operating liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued interest payable 

Accrued compensation - related parties 

Deferred revenue - related parties 
 
 - 
 
 NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Capital expenditures for property and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash inflow from disposition of Mangoceuticals, Inc. 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash inflow from disposition of EPIQ MD, Inc. 
 
 - 
 
 NET CASH PROVIDED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
 
 - 
 
 NET CASH PROVIDED BY USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 - 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from borrowings - related parties 
 - 

Repayment of borrowings - related parties 

Proceeds from borrowings 

(Repayment) of borrowings 
 - 

(Repayment) of note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sales of stock 
 - 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: 

Beginning of year 

End of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for interest 
 - 

Non-cash transactions: 

Common shares issued for notes conversion 

Common shares issued for loan settlement 
 - 

Discounts on convertible notes 
 - 

Initial debt discount 
 
 - 
 
 Adoption of ASC 842 
 
 - 
 
 Settlement of derivative liabilities 

Gain on disposition of Mangoceuticals, Inc. 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

94 

 Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS CORP. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Year
Ended December 31, 2022 

interest
in Life Guru from GCN. As consideration for the purchase of the ownership interest in Life Guru, the Company issued to GCN 
shares of its then newly designated Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, which had an agreed upon value of per share),
and agreed to issue GCN up to an additional shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (with an agreed upon value of upon reaching certain milestones, of which shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were issued and which the other 
shares of contingently issuable shares are no longer issuable. The shares were subsequently converted into post-reverse stock split
shares of common stock. 

On
October 23, 2020, the Company incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary, EPIQ MD, Inc. EPIQ MD in the state of Nevada. EPIQ
MD is a direct-to-consumer, telemedicine and healthcare company targeting Americans who are uninsured or underinsured. The EPIQ MD service
offering is a convergence of primary care telemedicine, preventative care services and wellness programs under the EPIQ MD brand
and on a single platform. EPIQ MD markets and sells its services direct to end-use consumers, as well as through business-to-business
 B2B efforts, by focusing on employers in the targeted industries. We divested our interest in EPIC MD in July 2022 to a related party,
see Note 16 below for further details. 

On
October 7, 2021, the Company incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary, Mangoceuticals, Inc. Mangoceuticals in the state
of Texas with the intent of focusing on developing, marketing and selling a variety of men s wellness products and services via
a telemedicine platform. In June 2022, as discussed below, we divested our interest in Mangoceuticals to a related party, see Note 16
below for details. 

On
January 24, 2022, the Company formed EPIQ Scripts, LLC EPIQ Scripts in the state of Texas. EPIQ Scripts was established
with the intent of operating as a close-door online mail order pharmacy with a specific target and vision to obtain licenses in all 50
states across the U.S. EPIQ Scripts also planned to seek to become accredited with the most respected and highly recognized authorities
in the industry, such as Utilization Review Accreditation Commission URAC , Legit Script, Accreditation Commission for Health Care ACHC ,
and National Association of Boards of Pharmacy NABP Digital Pharmacy. EPIQ Scripts also intended to obtain in-network contracts with
all major Pharmacy Benefit Managers PBM and insurance payors. The Company owned of EPIQ Scripts. 

As
of the date of this Report, our operations are limited, and consist mainly of ZipDoctor, Life Guru, and EPIQ Scripts (51 owned). 

Effective
on May 12, 2022, the Company affected a of its issued and outstanding common stock by the filing of a Certificate of Amendment to the
Company s Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of Nevada (filed on May 6, 2022 and effective on May 12, 2022)
(the Reverse Stock Split ). The Reverse Stock Split has been retroactively reflected throughout the consolidated
financial statements. Also on May 6, 2022, a Second Amended and Restated designation of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock
was filed and became effective with the Secretary of State of Nevada, whereby, among other things, a 1,000-for-1 forward stock split
of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock of the Company was effected, which has also been retroactively reflected throughout the
consolidated financial statements. 

cash equivalents at
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
Company maintains the majority of its cash accounts at a commercial bank. The total cash balance is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation FDIC up to per commercial bank. From time to time, cash in deposit accounts may exceed the FDIC
limits, the excess would be at risk of loss for purposes of the consolidated statements of cash flows. 

and 
 inventory from continuing operations as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. allowance was necessary as of December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

years 

Furniture and fixture 
 years 

Computer and software 
 years 

Upon
retirement or sale, the cost of the assets disposed of and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, with any
resultant gain or loss being recognized as a component of other income or expense. 

Identifiable
intangible assets These assets are recorded at acquisition cost. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized evenly over
their estimated useful lives. 

At
least annually, we review all long-lived assets for impairment. When necessary, we record changes for impairments of long-lived assets
for the amount by which the present value of future cash flows, or some other fair value measure, is less than the carrying value of
these assets. 

If
the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we measure the possible goodwill impairment based upon an allocation
of the estimate of fair value of the reporting unit to all of the underlying assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, including
any previously unrecognized intangible assets (Step Two Analysis). The excess of the fair value of a reporting unit over the amounts
assigned to its assets and liabilities carrying amount is the implied fair value of goodwill. 

Goodwill
and indefinite-lived brands are not amortized, but are evaluated for impairment annually or when indicators of a potential impairment
are present. Our impairment testing of goodwill is performed separately from our impairment testing of indefinite-lived intangibles.
The annual evaluation for impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles is based on valuation models that incorporate assumptions
and internal projections of expected future cash flows and operating plans. The Company believes such assumptions are also comparable
to those that would be used by other marketplace participants. 

Level
3: Unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as
valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 

Our
financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, inventory, prepaid expenses and rent deposits, accounts payable and accrued
liabilities, accrued interest payable, accrued compensation -related parties, convertible note payable, loans payable, loans payable
 related parties and derivative liabilities. 

The Company s convertible notes payable are measured at amortized cost. The derivative liabilities are stated at their
fair value as a level 3 measurement. The Company used the Monte Carlo model to determine
the fair values of these derivative liabilities. 

of the total revenue. 

The
Company s subsidiaries, EPIQ MD and ZipDoctor both provided its customers with access to its telemedicine platform where customers
have unlimited access to start a doctor visit 24/7. The customers pay a flat fee per month for use of the platform and is not dependent
on the frequency of the doctor visits. Each doctor visit is included in the monthly subscription fee. 

EPIQ
MD : The base monthly subscription fees range from - 
 per month and is dependent on the number of family
members included in the plan. Customers can choose to add additional services, such as Epiq Paws and Epiq Lux, ranging from an additional
 - 
 per month. 

The
customer gains immediate access to the telemedicine platform upon completing the enrollment process and making the first month s
payment. Billing commences on the day that the customer is enrolled for the Company s services and is continued to be billed on
the same calendar day of each following calendar month, in accordance with the original date of enrollment. 

Costs
of revenue include the amounts the Company pays its technology provider and its doctors network, which the Company pays a 3rd party vendor
a fixed amount on a per customer basis. 

Customers
may cancel their subscription at any time providing that they provide the Company with thirty (30) days advanced written notice of cancellation
with no cancellation fees charged to the customer. In the event a subscriber provides a notice of cancellation within the membership
period, the customer will be billed on their regular billing date at an amount adjusted to reflect an amount due until the cancellation
date. 

For
avoidance of doubt, . 

ZipDoctor :
The base monthly subscription fees range from - per month and is dependent on the number of family members included in the
plan. 

The
customer gains immediate access to the telemedicine platform upon completing the enrollment process and making the first month s
payment. Billing commences on the day that the customer is enrolled for the Company s services and is continued to be billed on
the same calendar day of each following calendar month, in accordance with the original date of enrollment. 

Costs
of revenue include the amounts the Company pays its technology provider and its doctors network, which the Company pays a 3rd party vendor
a fixed amount on a per customer basis. 

Customers
may cancel their subscription at any time provided that they provide the Company with thirty (30) days advanced written notice of cancellation
with no cancellation fees charged to the customer. In the event a subscriber provides a notice of cancellation within the membership
period, the customer will be billed on their regular billing date at an amount adjusted to reflect an amount due until the cancellation
date. 

For
avoidance of doubt, . 

LEGEND
NUTRITION DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

The
Company recognizes revenue in according with ASC Topic 606. The underlying principle is that the Company recognize revenue to depict
the transfer of promised goods and services to customers in an amount that they expect to be entitled to in the exchange for goods and
services provided. 

The
Company s discontinued subsidiary, Legend Nutrition, Inc., operated a retail store in which it sold nutritional and wellness related
products. Legend s business was solely based on the sale of retail products and did not offer any non-tangible services. 

Revenue
for the entire product line sold was recognized when the customer purchased and had control of the product, even if the terms
included a right of return. Legend accounted for any discounts and concessions at the time of sale and accounted for returns and
refunds when Legend received the product back in its possession where in some instances, if the product was unused, would be
returned to Legend s inventory or, if used, would be discarded. 

Costs
of revenue included the amounts that Legend paid its wholesalers and distributors and recognized the cost of revenue when the products
were sold and transferred to the possession of the customer. The cost of revenue was deducted from Legend s open inventory balance
upon sale. 

Pursuant
to Section 850-10-20 the related parties include a. affiliates of the Company; b. Entities for which investments in their equity securities
would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825 10 15,
to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c. trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing
trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d. principal owners of the Company; e. management of the Company;
f. other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies
of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and
g. Other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership
interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting
parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. 

The
consolidated financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements,
expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated
in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include:
a. the nature of the relationship(s) involved; b. a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal
amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary
to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each of
the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that
used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not
otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. Material related party transactions have been identified in Note 6 and Note 8
in the consolidated financial statements. 

- 
 
 Leasehold improvement 
 - 
 - 
 
 Furniture fixtures 
 
 - 
 
 Gross property and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 
 - 
 
 Less: disposals 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net property and equipment 
 
 - 

Furniture fixtures 

Gross property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Less: disposals 
 
 - 
 
 Net property and equipment 
 - 

Depreciation
expense from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was and , respectively. Depreciation expense
from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. There were also disposals
of , during 2022. 

shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock at closing, which occurred on May 15, 2020 . An additional
up to Series B Preferred Stock shares were to be issuable to the Seller upon the following milestones, provided that such milestones
were met prior to the earlier of (i) one (1) year after closing; and (ii) thirty (30) days after the Company has provided the Seller
written notice of a breach by the Seller of any provision of the SPA, which breach has not been reasonably cured within such thirty (30)
day period (such earlier date of (i) and (ii): 

(a) 
 Series B Preferred Stock shares upon completion of the fully operational LifeGuru.me website; 

(b) 
 Series B Preferred Stock shares upon such time as 300 coaches have signed up at LifeGuru.me;
 and 

(c) 
 Series B Preferred Stock shares upon such time as 1,000 coaches have signed up at LifeGuru.me. 

The
fair value of shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock issued at closing, valued on such grant date was ,
which equaled the market price per common share on the grant multiplied by the equivalent number of common shares which would be issuable
upon conversion of Series B Preferred Stock. 

The
Company did not recognize any liabilities related to the milestone shares due to the uncertainty surrounding such milestones. 

During
the first quarter of 2021, the Company issued Series B Preferred Stock shares for reaching the second milestone (milestone (b)).
The fair value of shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock issued at closing, valued on such grant date was ,
which equaled the market price per common share on the grant multiplied by the equivalent number of common shares which would be issuable
upon conversion of Series B Preferred Stock. This amount was expensed as in process research and development. 

Since
more than one year has elapsed since closing, the right of the Seller to earn the milestone shares set forth in (a) and (c) above has
expired. 

Since
the asset is not substantiating a future cash flow, the Company determined an impairment adjustment was necessary for the periods presented.
Investment in Life Guru of was impaired in full during the fourth quarter of 2020. 

The
 owned subsidiary is a consolidated entity which requires the presentation of noncontrolling interest in the consolidated statements
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. As there was minimal activity for the entity as of December 31, 2021, and minimal
assets and liabilities, no noncontrolling interest was presented at December 31, 2021. 

in , or per
month plus tax. The outstanding balance of this capital lease was as of December 31, 2021 . 

On
July 14, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with a vendor to purchase equipment used in its spa operations. Pursuant to the
agreement, the Company agreed to pay a total amount of in , or per month plus tax. The outstanding balance of this capital lease was as of December 31, 2021. 

and an operating lease liability in
the amount of in connection with Location 1. The lease term is seventeen months and . 

Total undiscounted cash flow 

Less imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

The
operating lease right-of-use asset net balance at December 31, 2022 related to this location was . 

and , respectively, representing cash compensation due to the Company s
executive officers for services rendered. 

Note payable to an individual dated July 8, 2019 for , with interest at per annum and due on . The Note is currently past due. 

Note payable of dated August 5, 2020 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . The annual interest rate will increase to if in default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the common stock during the ten trading day period prior to the conversion date, representing a discount rate of . The note, accrued interest and early payment penalty totaling was paid during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 - 

Less: Repayment 
 - 

- 
 - 

Note payable of dated August 11, 2020 for cash of , net of original issue discount of , with one-time interest charge of payable and due on . The outstanding balance of the Note will be increase by if in default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals the lower of per share or of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the common stock during the ten trading day period prior to the conversion date, representing a discount rate of . The note and accrued interest totaling was settled by the issuance of common shares of the Company and in cash. The note and accrued interest were converted at per share and settled with additional shares valued at per shares. Accordingly, the Company recorded a loss on loan settlement of during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 - 

Less: Repayment 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Note payable of dated September 14, 2020 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . The annual interest rate will increase to if in default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the common stock during the ten trading day period prior to the conversion date, representing a discount rate of . The note, accrued interest and early payment penalty totaling was paid during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 - 

Less: Repayment 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Note payable of 
 dated October 12, 2020, for cash of ,
 with interest at 
 per annum and due on . The annual interest rate will increase to 
 if in default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals the lessor of 
 per share or 
 of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the common stock during the ten trading day period prior to the conversion date, representing a discount rate of .
 The Note and accrued interest totaling 
 was converted into 
 common shares of the Company within the terms of the note during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 - 

Less: Repayment 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Note payable of dated November 13, 2020 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . The annual interest rate will increase to if in default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the common stock during the ten trading day period prior to the conversion date, representing a discount rate of . The note, accrued interest and early payment penalty totaling was paid during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 - 

Less: Repayment 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Note payable of dated December 2, 2020 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . The annual interest rate will increase to if in default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the common stock during the ten trading day period prior to the conversion date, representing a discount rate of . The note, accrued interest and early payment penalty totaling was paid during the year ended December, 2021. 
 - 

Less: Repayment 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Note payable of dated January 6, 2021 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . The annual interest rate will increase to if in default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals the lessor of or of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the common stock during the seven trading day period prior to the conversion date, representing a discount rate of . The note and accrued interest totaling was converted into common shares of the Company within the terms of the note during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 - 

Less: Conversion 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Note payable of dated January 6, 2021 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . The annual interest rate will increase to if in default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals the lessor of or of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the common stock during the seven trading day period prior to the conversion date, representing a discount rate of . The note and accrued interest totaling was converted into common shares of the Company within the terms of the note during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 - 

Less: Conversion 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Note payable of dated March 30, 2021 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . The annual interest rate will increase to if in default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals the lessor of or of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the common stock during the seven trading day period prior to the conversion date, representing a discount rate of . The note is in default. 

Note payable of dated March 30, 2021 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . The annual interest rate will increase to if in default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals the lessor of or of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the common stock during the seven trading day period prior to the conversion date, representing a discount rate of . A partial conversion of the Note and accrued interest totaling was converted into common shares of the Company within the terms of the note during the year ended December 31, 2021. The note and accrued interest totaling was converted into common shares of the Company within the terms of the note during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Note is currently in default. 

Less: Conversion 
 - 
 - 

Note payable of dated June 24, 2021 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . The annual interest rate will increase to if in default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals the lessor of or of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the common stock during the seven trading day period prior to the conversion date, representing a discount rate of . A partial conversion of the Note totaling was converted into common shares of the Company within the terms of the note during the year ended December 31, 2021. The note and accrued interest totaling was converted into common shares of the Company within the terms of the note during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Note is currently in default. 

Less: Conversion 
 - 
 - 

Note payable of dated June 24, 2021 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . The annual interest rate will increase to if in default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals the lessor of or of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the common stock during the seven trading day period prior to the conversion date, representing a discount rate of . A partial conversion of the Note and accrued interest totaling was converted into common shares of the Company within the terms of the note during the year ended December 31, 2021. The note and accrued interest totaling was converted into common shares of the Company within the terms of the note during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Less: Conversion 

- 

On September 24, 2021, the Company had a short-term advance payable in the amount of to an unrelated party, with no interest and due on demand. The short-term advance was paid in full on December 1, 2021. 
 - 

Less: Repayment 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Note payable of dated November 22, 2021 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . The annual interest rate will increase to or the maximum amount permitted by law if in default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals the lessor of or of the offering price per share of Common Stock at which the Uplist Offering is made. The note and accrued interest totaling was converted into common shares of the Company within the terms of the note during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Note is currently in default. 

Less: Conversion 
 - 
 - 

Note payable of dated November 30, 2021 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . The annual interest rate will increase to or the maximum amount permitted by law if in default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals the lessor of or of the offering price per share of Common Stock at which the Uplist Offering is made. The note and accrued interest totaling was converted into common shares of the Company within the terms of the note during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Note is currently in default. 

Less: Conversion 
 - 
 - 

Note payable of dated December 1, 2021 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . The annual interest rate will increase to or the maximum amount permitted by law if in default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals the lessor of or of the offering price per share of Common Stock at which the Uplist Offering is made. The note and accrued interest totaling was converted into common shares of the Company within the terms of the note during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Note is currently in default. 

Less: Conversion 
 - 
 - 

Note payable of dated December 2, 2021 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . The annual interest rate will increase to or the maximum amount permitted by law if in default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals the lessor of or of the offering price per share of Common Stock at which the Uplist Offering is made. The note and accrued interest totaling was converted into common shares of the Company within the terms of the note during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Note is currently in default. 

Less: Conversion 
 - 
 - 

Note payable of dated May 13, 2022 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . In connection with the original issue discount promissory note the Company recorded an original issue discount (OID) of which is to be amortized over the term of the note and derivative liabilities of . The annual interest rate will increase to upon the occurrence of an event of default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals of the lowest daily VWAP of the Common Stock during the seven (7) consecutive trading day period prior to conversion. The note and accrued interest totaling was converted into common shares of the Company within the terms of the note during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 - 
 
 Less: Conversion 
 - 
 - 

- 

Note payable of dated June 16, 2022 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . In connection with the original issue discount promissory note the Company recorded OID of which is to be amortized over the term of the note and derivative liabilities of . The annual interest rate will increase to upon the occurrence of an event of default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals of the lowest daily VWAP of the Common Stock during the seven consecutive trading day period prior to conversion. 
 
 - 

Note payable of dated August 29, 2022 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . In connection with the original issue discount promissory note the Company recorded OID of which is to be amortized over the term of the note and derivative liabilities of . The annual interest rate will increase to upon the occurrence of an event of default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals , subject to adjustment. 
 
 - 

Note payable of dated September 13, 2022 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . In connection with the original issue discount promissory note the Company recorded OID of which is to be amortized over the term of the note and derivative liabilities of . The annual interest rate will increase to upon the occurrence of an event of default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals , subject to adjustment. 
 
 - 

Note payable of dated October 3, 2022 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . In connection with the original issue discount promissory note the Company recorded OID of which is to be amortized over the term of the note. The annual interest rate will increase to upon the occurrence of an event of default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals of the lowest daily VWAP of the common stock during the 7 consecutive trading day, subject to adjustment. 
 
 - 

Note payable of dated November 29, 2022 for cash of , with interest at per annum and due on . In connection with the original issue discount promissory note the Company recorded OID of which is to be amortized over the term of the note. The annual interest rate will increase to upon the occurrence of an event of default. The Note is a convertible promissory note. The conversion price equals of the lowest daily VWAP of the common stock during the 7 consecutive trading day, subject to adjustment. 
 
 - 

Total 

Less: unamortized discount 
 - 

Total 

Short term convertible notes, net of discount of and 

Short-term non-convertible notes 

Note payable dated July 7, 2020 for , with interest at per annum and due on July 7, 2021. The Note is unsecured. The Note is currently in default. 

Note payable dated September 16, 2020 for , with interest at per annum and due on demand. 

Note payable to an unrelated party dated September 11, 2020 for , with no interest and due on demand (discontinued operations). 

Note payable dated December 1, 2021 for , with interest at per annum and due on demand. 

Total 

Short-term non-convertible notes continuing operations 

Short-term non-convertible notes discontinued operations 

shares of their AMIH common stock. The Company issued individual promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of (the Promissory Notes for cancellation of the common shares. The Promissory Notes have a term of two years and accrue interest at the rate of per annum until paid in full by the Company. The Note and accrued interest totaling was settled by the issuance of common shares of the Company. The shares were valued at and per share based on the market price at the settlement date. Accordingly, the Company recorded a loss on loan settlement of during the year ended December 31, 2020. These notes are currently in default. 

110,000 

Loans
 from related parties before conversion or payment 

Short-term note payable in the amount of to Kemah Development Texas, LP, a company owned by Dror Family Trust, a related party. The Company settled this note payable of and accrued interest of with a payment of in cash on . 

13,473 

Less payments / settlements 
 (13,473 

- 

- 

13,473 

On December 28, 2022, the Company received an advance in the amount of from a former Director, due on demand for interest. 

- 

Loans from related parties, gross 

Total 

123,473 

and represent an embedded derivative instrument that
meets the requirements for liability classification under ASC 815. As a result, the fair value of the derivative financial instrument
in the note is reflected in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as a liability. The fair value of the derivative financial
instrument of the convertible note was measured using the Monte Carlo model at the inception
date of the note and will do so again on each subsequent consolidated balance sheet date. Any changes in the fair value of the derivative
financial instruments are recorded as non-operating, non-cash income or expense at each consolidated balance sheet date. The derivative
liabilities will be reclassified into additional paid in capital upon conversion. 

Initial derivative liabilities at new note issuance 

Initial loss 
 - 
 
 Conversion 

Mark to market changes 

Derivative liabilities as of December 31, 2021 

Initial derivative liabilities at new note issuance 

Initial loss 
 - 
 
 Conversion 

Mark to market changes 

Derivative liabilities as of December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had derivative liabilities of and , respectively, and recorded changes
in derivative liabilities in the amount of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
following assumptions were used for the valuation of the derivative liability related to the Notes: 

- 
 The stock price would fluctuate
 with the Company s projected volatility; 

- 
 The projected volatility
 curve from an annualized analysis for each valuation period was based on the historical volatility of the Company and the term remaining
 for each note ranged from through at issuance, conversion, and quarters ends; 

- 
 The Company would not redeem
 the notes; 

- 
 ; 

- 
 The Company would raise
 capital quarterly at market, which could trigger a reset event; and 

- 
 The Holder would convert
 the note monthly if the Company was not in default. 

to effective January 1, 2018, while also imposing
a deemed repatriation tax on previously deferred foreign income. 

The
Act also created a new minimum tax on certain future foreign earnings. The impact of the Act increased the Company s deferred tax
asset related to the Company s net operating loss by approximately 
 and increased the Company s valuation allowance
by the same amount resulting in no impact to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

We
record tax positions as liabilities in accordance with ASC 740 and adjust these liabilities when our judgement changes as a result of
the evaluation of new information not previously available. Because of the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution
may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the recognized tax benefit liabilities. These differences
will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which new information is available. As of December
31, 2022, and 2021, we have not recorded any uncertain tax positions in our financial statements. 

The
effective US federal income corporate tax rates for 2022 and 2021 are . 

The
Company has net operating loss carry forwards of approximately at December 31, 2022 that do not expire. However, utilization
of these losses may be limited pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code due to a recapitalization in 2007 and subsequent
stock issuances. 

The
Company has a deferred tax asset as shown in the following: 

Valuation Allowance 

Net Deferred Tax Asset 

shares of preferred stock, par value, of which shares were designated
as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and were designated as Series B Preferred stock, the balance of shares of
preferred stock were undesignated as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

. Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock may, at
its option, convert its shares of Series A Preferred Stock into that number of shares of common stock equal to the holder s pro
rata share of all Series A Preferred Stock then issued and outstanding, multiplied by (i) . 

For
so long as any shares of the Series A Preferred Stock remain issued and outstanding, the holders thereof, voting separately as a class,
shall have the right to vote on all shareholder matters (including, but not limited to at every meeting of the stockholders of the Company
and upon any action taken by stockholders of the Company with or without a meeting) equal to the Remaining Percentage of the total vote.
All Series A Shares vote together with the common stock on all shareholder matters as its own voting class. 

Additionally,
so long as Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the Company shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66-2/3 
of all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class (i) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Articles
of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Company so as to adversely affect the designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights
of the Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) effect any reclassification of the Series A Preferred Stock, (iii) designate any additional series
of preferred stock, the designation of which adversely effects the rights, privileges, preferences or limitations of the Series A Preferred
Stock; or (iv) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Series A Designation (except in connection with certain non-material technical
amendments). 

The
holders of Series B Preferred Stock have the same dividend rights as common stockholders on a fully converted basis, are entitled to
receive pari passu with any distribution of any of the assets of the Company to the holders of the Company s common stock, but
not prior to any holders of senior securities. . 

In
the first quarter of 2021, the Company issued shares of Series B Preferred Shares to a third party for services related to research
and development. The shares were subsequently converted into post-reverse stock split shares of common stock. The shares were valued
at . 

The
Company had million post-forward split shares of Series A Preferred Stock and shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding
as of December 31, 2022. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue up to shares of common stock, par value, of which post-reverse stock split
shares were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and post-reverse stock split common stock shares were issued and
outstanding at December 31, 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued post-reverse stock split shares of the Company s common stock in
consideration for services performed by employees, directors and non-employee consultants. The shares were valued at based on
the market price on the date of agreement. 

In
the first quarter of 2022, the Company issued post-reverse stock split common shares to investors in exchange for of
principal and accrued interest owed under the terms and conditions of convertible notes as issued. 

In
the second quarter of 2022, the Company issued common shares to investors in exchange for of principal and accrued interest
owed under the terms and conditions of convertible notes as issued. 

In
the third quarter of 2022, the Company issued common shares to investors in exchange for of principal and accrued
interest owed under the terms and conditions of convertible notes as issued. 

In
the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company issued common shares to investors in exchange for of principal and accrued
interest owed under the terms and conditions of convertible notes as issued. 

In
the year of 2022, the Company issued 
common shares in consideration for services performed by employees and non-employee consultants. The shares were valued at 
based on the market price on the date of agreements. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a net loss from discontinued operation of and a
gain from discontinued operation of for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and an accumulated deficit
of as of December 31, 2022. The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable
operations in the future and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal
business operations when they come due. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and reclassification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classifications of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty.
There can be no assurance that the Company will become commercially viable without additional financing, the availability and terms of
which are uncertain. If the Company cannot secure necessary capital when needed on commercially reasonable terms, its business, condition
(financial and otherwise) and commercial viability may be harmed. Although management believes that it will be able to successfully execute
its business plan, which includes third party financing and the raising of capital to meet the Company s future liquidity needs,
there can be no assurances in this regard. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. 

shares he received
in connection with his acceptance as CEO of the Company on or around May 31, 2018. The Company is maintaining the position that Mr. Holden
does not have the right to those shares as he was in breach of his obligation to convey a digital marketing business to the Company and
subsequently resigned from the Company shortly thereafter, on or around August 15, 2018 and that he procured the shares through fraud.
On November 11, 2019, the Company issued a response with a Motion to Dismiss Under the Texas Citizen s Participation Act TCPA 
citing that any declaratory judgment and breach of contract claims be dismissed unless Mr. Holden can, through clear and specific
evidence , establish a prima facie case for each essential element of his claims. 

After
an attempt to remand the case to federal court, the Company filed an amended notice of submission for its TCPA motion for submission
on May 18, 2020, whereby Holden failed to respond to the motion in a timely manner. On May 18, 2020, the Company filed a response in
support of its motion to dismiss under the TCPA, which was denied on June 3, 2020. Immediately thereafter, on June 4, 2020, the Company
filed a notice of accelerated interlocutory appeal to appeal the denial of the motion to dismiss under the TCPA and the trial court s
failure to rule on the Company s objection to the timeliness of Holden s response. Ultimately, the Court of Appeals ruled
that the TCPA did not apply to Holden s action. This ruling does not imply that Holden s claims have merit, but only that
they are not subject to expedited dismissal. The Company sought review from the Texas Supreme Court, but it was denied. The outcome of
this action, and the ultimate outcome of the lawsuit is currently unknown at this time, provided that the Company intends to vehemently
defend itself against the claims made in the lawsuit. 

AMIH
vs. Winfred Fields 

On
November 11, 2019, the Company filed an original petition and jury demand against Winfred Fields, a shareholder, in the 458th Judicial
District Court of Fort Bend County seeking damages related to breach of contract and fraud related charges. The Company executed an exchange
agreement with Mr. Fields on or around April 12, 2019 whereby Mr. Fields was required to tender to the Company a total of of the
 shares of the Company s common stock that Mr. Fields then owned (the Exchanged Shares in exchange for a promissory
note with a maturity date of April 12, 2021 payable in the amount of (the Fields Note (see also Note 8
 Loans from Related Parties ). The Exchange Agreement required that Mr. Fields immediately return the stock certificates
for the Exchanged Shares to the Company or its designated agent for immediate cancellation and for Mr. Fields to retain the remaining
 shares. Mr. Fields agreed in the Exchange Agreement that these shares would not become unrestricted until such time as Mr. Fields
received an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company that the shares were not restricted for trade under SEC regulations. After
executing the Exchange Agreement, Mr. Fields rather than return the Exchanged Shares or obtain said opinion of counsel attempted
to deposit and trade the Exchanged Shares and the restricted shares, which was a direct violation of the Exchange Agreement. The Company
asserts that Mr. Fields knowingly, willingly and fraudulently attempted to deposit and trade the Exchanged Shares and is seeking damages
and equitable relief. Upon several attempts to serve Mr. Fields, service was perfected on or around February 3, 2020. On March 2, 2020,
Mr. Fields filed a response generally denying all claims. On May 22, 2020, the Company filed its first request for production and request
for disclosure and discovery insisting that Mr. Fields produce all documentation related to the fraudulent transaction and is awaiting
a response to these requested discovery items. The outcome of this action is currently unknown at this time. In November 2019, the Company
recovered shares from Mr. Fields which were cancelled in 2019. Mr. Fields twice moved for summary judgment, once against the Company s
claims, and once in favor of his own claims. However, the court denied his motions. The Company has moved for summary judgment on its
claims and against Mr. Fields claims and a hearing is currently set for June 5, 2023. 

Asher
Park, LLC vs. Novopelle Tyler 

On
August 11, 2021, Asher Park, LLC Asher Park filed a petition against the Company and its subsidiary, Novopelle Tyler,
Inc. Novopelle Tyler in the 241st Judicial District Court of Smith County, Texas seeking to recover damages in the amount
of against that commercial lease and commercial lease guaranty agreement that was signed between the parties on or around January
8, 2020 to occupy retail premises located at 1058 Asher Way, Suite 100, in Tyler, Texas. As this commercial lease was executed prior
to the COVID-19 pandemic, and due to the uncertainty of the effects on retail establishments during the pandemic, Novopelle Tyler never
officially took possession of the retail premise. On September 23, 2021, the Company and Novopelle Tyler filed an Original Answer and
Affirmative Defense denying the allegations made by Asher Park. 

On
January 26, 2022, Novopelle Tyler and the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement Mutual Release with Asher Park whereby Novopelle
Tyler and on February 1, 2022, the Company paid Asher Park a total of in full and final settlement of all of the Asher Park s
claims. Accordingly, Asher Park, in consideration for the execution of the Settlement Agreement dismissed the lawsuit against both Novopelle
Tyler and the Company. 

Stanley
Tate d/b/a Triangle Cabinets vs. Capitol City Solutions USA, Inc. 

On
September 10, 2021, Stanley Tate d/b/a Triangle Cabinets Tate ), a materials supplier and subcontractor that was hired
by the Company s subsidiary, Capitol City Solutions USA, Inc. CCS , filed a petition against the Company, CCS, and CCS s
construction client, PC Gateway, LLC PC Gateway in the 136th Judicial District Court of Jefferson County, Texas seeking
payment in the amount of for services Tate claimed to provide CCS and PC Gateway. The Company and CCS were not officially served
until on or around October 21, 2021. On October 25, 2021, the Company and CCS filed an Original Answer denying the allegations made by
Tate as Tate had failed to provide the services in which they were hired to perform and demanding strict proof by a preponderance of
credible evidence. On December 29, 2021, Tate dismissed all claims against both the Company and CCS. 

Capitol
City Solutions USA, Inc. vs. Peak Living, LLC and PC Gateway, LLC 

On
November 1, 2021, the CCS, filed a petition against PC Gateway and Peak
Living, LLC Peak Living in the 58th Judicial District Court of Jefferson County Texas demanding the payment of the final
invoice as delivered to Peak Living in the amount of representing the balance as owed to CCS for substantial supplemental
charges (including but not limited to dehumidifiers, various material cost and labor increases, code compliance costs, and additional
profit and overhead). Throughout the term of a project completed by CCS for Peak Living, Peak Living instructed CCS to perform additional
work beyond the original scope of the contracted agreement and fully understood that CCS expected to be compensated at the fair market
value for the additional labor and materials. In addition to seeking actual and statutory damages, CCS is seeking to recover attorney s
fees, prejudgment and post judgment interest, costs of court and has further placed a constitutional lien on the PC Gateway property,
known as Gateway Village, located at 2825 12th Street, Beaumont, Texas, 77705 and which is the subject of the lawsuit. Based on information
received through the discovery process, CCS entered into a Settlement Agreement and Release with Peak Living on March 29, 2022, whereby
CCS agreed to dismiss Peak Living of all claims under the lawsuit. 

Cost of revenue 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gross profit 
 - 

Operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses) 
 - 

Gain (Loss) from discontinued operations 

As of 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets of discontinued operations - current 
 - 
 - 
 
 Assets of discontinued operations - intangible 
 - 
 - 
 
 Assets of discontinued operations - non-current 
 - 

Net liabilities of discontinued operations 

of the then outstanding shares of common stock of Mangoceuticals, Inc.) which the Company then held for in cash paid at closing.
Pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, the disposition of Mangoceuticals, Inc generated net cash proceeds of , release of accounts
payable and accrued expenses of and resulted in a gain of . This transaction is considered as a related party transaction
in accordance with ASC 850. 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company entered into an Equity Interest Purchase Agreement with Alejandro Rodriguez and Pan-American Communications
Services S.A. (buyers) to sell buyers all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Epiq MD which the Company then held
(representing of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Epiq MD) for an aggregate amount of , consisting of
 of cash paid at closing and a subsequent payment. Pursuant to the Equity Interest Purchase Agreement, the disposition
of Epiq MD generated net cash outflow of , increase in other receivable of , loss on security deposit of , release
of accounts payable and accrued expenses of and resulted in a gain of . 

of its outstanding convertible debt into 
shares of common stock and at various prices per share of common stock ranging from to . per share. 

On
February 15, 2023, we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement with Cycle Energy Corp.,
a Texas corporation Cycle Energy ), and Marble Trital Inc., the sole shareholder of Cycle Energy (the Shareholder ).
The Shareholder is beneficially owned and controlled by Mr. Michael McLaren, the Company s newly appointed Chief Executive Officer.
Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, which closed on February 15, 2023 (the Closing Date ), the Shareholder exchanged
(the Exchange 100 of the ownership of Cycle Energy in consideration for shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock of the Company (the New Series A Shares ). 

Management s
intent in entering into the Exchange Agreement was to develop a new business line while maintaining the Company s existing operations.
Management of the Company believes that by bringing Cycle Energy under the Company s umbrella, the Company will be able to diversify
its operations and build a portfolio of core assets that can be strategically leveraged in various ways to accelerate the Company s
overall growth. With the Exchange Agreement, there will come an expanded vision for the Company. Cycle Energy is a diversified energy
company based in the state of Texas. 

Conditions
to closing the Exchange included that the Company must have entered into the Cohen Exchange Agreement (defined and discussed below);
terminated the employment agreement of Jacob D. Cohen, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company; entered into a consulting
agreement with Mr. Cohen; and entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Cohen, all of which occurred, as discussed below. 

Additionally,
the Exchange Agreement required the Company to invite two persons to join its Board of Directors at the recommendation of the Shareholder
following the Closing Date, to fill the vacancies created by the resignation of two of the current members of the Company s Board
of Directors, which change in directors occurred. In addition, the Exchange Agreement required the Company s then current officers
to resign and new officers of the Company to be appointed at the direction of the Shareholder. Each of which appointments and resignations
were completed. 

On
March 9, 2023, and effective on February 15, 2023, the date of the Exchange Agreement, the Company, Cycle Energy and the Shareholder,
entered into a First Amendment to Share Exchange Agreement (the First Amendment ), which amended the Exchange Agreement
to be effective February 15, 2023, instead of December 31, 2022. 

Also
on February 15, 2023, and as a required condition to the closing of the Exchange Agreement, the Company and Jacob D. Cohen, the then
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, entered into an Exchange Agreement (the Cohen Exchange Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Cohen Exchange Agreement, Mr. Cohen exchanged all shares of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company which
he held (the Cohen Series A Shares ), with the Company (which Cohen Series A Shares were then cancelled, prior to
being reissued to the Seller as New Series A Shares, as discussed above), for (a) all of the issued and outstanding membership interests
held by the Company in Epiq Scripts, LLC, a Texas limited liability company Epiq Scripts )(representing of Epiq
Scripts)(the Epiq Scripts Interests (b) all cash payments paid to the Company in the future as a Royalty Payment
(as defined in the Royalty Agreement (defined below)) pursuant to that certain Royalty Agreement dated June 30, 2022, by and between
Epiq MD, Inc. a Nevada corporation Epiq MD and the Company (the Royalty Agreement and the
 Royalty Payments (c) all proceeds that the Company receives from any sale of the equity of ZipDoctor, Inc., a
Texas corporation (the ZipDoctor Consideration and (d) the rights to all debt owed to the Company from Epiq Scripts,
in the amount of approximately (the Epiq Scripts Debt ). 

Pursuant
to the Cohen Exchange Agreement, the Company also agreed to pay all Royalty Payments to Mr. Cohen within five days of its receipt thereof
and that any amount of the Royalty Payments not paid when due will accrue interest at the rate of the lesser of (a) per annum; and
(b) the highest rate allowable pursuant to law, until paid in full (as applicable, (a) or (b), the Default Rate ). 

The
Cohen Exchange Agreement has an effective date of February 15, 2023, and the transactions contemplated by the Cohen Exchange Agreement
closed on February 15, 2023. As a result of the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement and the Cohen Exchange
Agreement, and effective on the Closing Date, February 15, 2023, the Shareholder, through ownership of all of the outstanding . Prior to the closing of the Cohen Exchange Agreement, Jacob D. Cohen held shares of Series A Preferred Stock, which
provided him of the Company s outstanding voting shares. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by
the Shareholder are beneficially owned by Michael McLaren, its controlling shareholder owner and officer. As a result, Mr. McLaren, as
a result of his control of the Shareholder, obtained control over the Company upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the
Exchange Agreement, as he obtained of the Company s outstanding voting stock due to his ownership of the
New Series A Shares. 

On
March 1, 2023, the Company entered into a Service Agreement with Greentree Financial Group, Inc. GreenTree whereby
GreenTree agreed to provide the Company with assistance of its financial reporting and statement preparations for the year ended December
31, 2022 and the three quarters ended March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023, as well as in connection with the preparation
of the Company s 2022 US corporate income tax returns (the Service Agreement ). The Service Agreement commenced
on March 1, 2023 and ends on December 31, 2023. In consideration for the services provided under the Service Agreement, the Company
agreed to pay GreenTree of which is to be paid in cash and the remaining to be paid through the issuance of
a Convertible Promissory Note (the GreenTree Note ). The GreenTree Note had an effective date of March 1, 2023, has
a term of , accrues interest at the rate of per annum, and converts into common stock at the option of GreenTree at the lower
of a) per share and b) of the lowest trading prices of the Company s common stock on the primary trading market for the
common stock for the last twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to but not including the conversion date . The Company may,
at its option, at any time and from time to time, prepay all or any part of the principal balance of the GreenTree Service Note before
the maturity date, with a penalty or premium equal to of the sum of any outstanding principal and any interest accrued as of the
prepayment date provided that the Company provide GreenTree fifteen (15) days advanced written notice of its intent to prepay.
 We agreed to pay of GreenTree s costs in connection with
each conversion of the GreenTree Note. If at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any common stock, options to purchase common
stock, securities convertible into common stock or rights relating to common stock (the Purchase Rights to any
person, entity, association, or other organization other than GreenTree, at a price per share less than the conversion price then in
effect, then the conversion price is automatically reduced to match the price per share of the Purchase Rights. The GreenTree Note contains
customary events of default. 

On
March 17, 2023, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Cosmos Health Inc. Cosmos and the SPA ).
Pursuant to the SPA, the Company agreed to sell Cosmos 100 of the outstanding shares of common stock of ZipDoctor, Inc., for .
The transactions contemplated by the SPA closed on April 3, 2023. The SPA contained representations and warranties of the parties customary
for a transaction of the size and type of the SPA, and includes various indemnification obligations of the parties. 

113 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
have established and maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Commission and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial/accounting
officer), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Management,
with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period
covered by this Report, December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures,
and in light of the material weakness we found in our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 (as described
in greater detail below), our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act, is recorded properly, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the rules and forms of the Commission and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer , as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the - Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO Framework ). Based on this evaluation under the COSO Framework, management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to the deficiencies disclosed
below. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission that permit smaller reporting companies to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

The
Company recognizes the following weaknesses and deficiencies of the Company as of December 31, 2022: 

114 

 Table of Contents 

We
recognized the following deficiencies that we believe to be material weaknesses: 

- 
 The
 Company has not fully designed, implemented or assessed internal controls over financial reporting. Due to the Company being a developing
 company, management s assessment and conclusion over internal controls were ineffective this year. 

- 
 We
 recognized the following deficiencies that we believe to be significant deficiencies: 

- 
 The
 Company has no formal control process related to the identification and approval of related party transactions. 

- 
 We
 do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls
 over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

- 
 We
 do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our size and
 nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent
 possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate
 individuals. 

Inherent
Limitations over Internal Controls 

The
Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(i) pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
 transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; 
 
 (ii) provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures
 are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and
 directors; and 
 
 (iii) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements. 

Management,
including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company s internal
controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the
inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject
to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022,
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

On
March 17, 2023, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Cosmos Health Inc. Cosmos and the SPA ).
Pursuant to the SPA, the Company agreed to sell Cosmos 100 of the outstanding shares of common stock of ZipDoctor, Inc., for 150,000.
The transactions contemplated by the SPA closed on April 3, 2023. The SPA contained representations and warranties of the parties customary
for a transaction of the size and type of the SPA, and includes various indemnification obligations of the parties. 

115 

 Table of Contents 

On
March 1, 2023, the Company entered into a Service Agreement with Greentree Financial Group, Inc. GreenTree whereby
GreenTree agreed to provide the Company with assistance of its financial reporting and statement preparations for the year ended December
31, 2022 and the three quarters ended March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023, as well as in connection with the preparation
of the Company s 2022 US corporate income tax returns (the Service Agreement ). The Service Agreement commenced
on March 1, 2023 and ends on December 31, 2023. In consideration for the services provided under the Service Agreement, the Company
agreed to pay GreenTree 120,000 of which 20,000 is to be paid in cash and the remaining 100,000 to be paid through the issuance of
a Convertible Promissory Note (the GreenTree Note ). The GreenTree Note had an effective date of March 1, 2023, has
a term of one year, accrues interest at the rate of 12 per annum, and converts into common stock at the option of GreenTree at the lower
of a) 0.01 per share and b) 50 of the lowest trading prices of the Company s common stock on the primary trading market for the
common stock for the last twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to but not including the conversion date . The Company may,
at its option, at any time and from time to time, prepay all or any part of the principal balance of the GreenTree Service Note before
the maturity date, with a penalty or premium equal to 20 of the sum of any outstanding principal and any interest accrued as of the
prepayment date provided that the Company provide GreenTree fifteen (15) days advanced written notice of its intent to prepay.
The GreenTree Note includes a 4.9 beneficial ownership limitation preventing the conversion of the note into common stock if upon such
conversion GreenTree would beneficially own more than 4.9 of the Company s then outstanding common stock, which may be increased
to up to 9.9 with not less than 61 days prior written notice. We agreed to pay 1,500 of GreenTree s costs in connection with
each conversion of the GreenTree Note. If at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any common stock, options to purchase common
stock, securities convertible into common stock or rights relating to common stock (the Purchase Rights to any
person, entity, association, or other organization other than GreenTree, at a price per share less than the conversion price then in
effect, then the conversion price is automatically reduced to match the price per share of the Purchase Rights. The GreenTree Note contains
customary events of default. 

On
May 9, 2023, we entered into a Secured Promissory Note in favor of The Loev Law Firm, PC, our outside securities counsel, which evidenced
 40,000 owed to such law firm in consideration for legal services rendered and agreed to be rendered. The note is due on May 28, 2023,
together with interest at the rate of 6 per annum, which increases to 15 per annum upon the occurrence of an event of default. The
note is personally guaranteed by Michael McLaren, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, and secured by an oil and gas property located
in Wichita County, Texas and a deed of trust thereon. The note includes customary covenants and events of default. 

As
disclosed in greater detail in the Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14A, effective on May 10, 2023, Marble Trital Inc., which
entity is beneficially owned by Mr. Michael McLaren, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, due to his ownership of 100 of Marble
Trital Inc. and his position as Chief Executive Officer thereof, the holder of 1,000,000 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred
Stock, representing 292,500,000 voting shares as of such date or 60.0 of the 487,500,000 total voting shares as of such date (the Majority
Shareholder ), executed a written consent in lieu of a special meeting of shareholders (the Majority Shareholder
Consent ), approving the following matters, which had previously been approved by the Board of directors of the Company on
April 19, 2023, and had recommended that such matters be presented to the Majority Shareholder for its approval on the same date: 

the
 approval of the filing of a Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to affect a name change of
 the Company from American International Holdings Corp. to Cycle Energy Corp. 

the
 filing of a Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to increase the Company s authorized
 number of shares of Common Stock from 195 million shares to one billion 995 million shares; and 

the
 grant of discretionary authority for our Board of Directors, without further shareholder approval, to effect a reverse stock split
 of all of the outstanding common stock of the Company, by the filing of an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary
 of State of Nevada, in a ratio of between 1-for-10 and 1-for-1,000, with the Company s Board of Directors having the discretion
 as to whether or not the reverse split is to be effected, and with the exact exchange ratio of any reverse split to be set at a whole
 number within the above range as determined by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, at any time before April 19, 2024. 

The
Board of Directors of the Company did not solicit proxies for the annual meeting or the vote. There were no broker non-votes, no votes
were withheld, and no votes were voted against or abstained, in connection with any of the corporate actions described above, as only
the Majority Shareholder voted. 

In
accordance with Rule 14c-2 of the Exchange Act, the corporate actions will be effective no earlier than forty (40) days after the date
notice of the internet availability of such Information Statement materials is first sent to shareholders, which we expect to be on or
approximately June 24, 2023. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

116 

 Table of Contents 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth the name, age and position of each director and executive officer of the Company. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Age 
 
 Date
 First Appointed as Director 
 
 Michael
 McLaren 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President, and Chairman 
 
 59 
 
 March
 2023 
 
 James
 Pendergast 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 62 

Jacob
 D. Cohen 
 
 Director 
 
 44 
 
 April
 2019 
 
 Peter
 Casey Jensen 
 
 Director 
 
 48 
 
 October
 2021 
 
 Gary
 Giles 
 
 Director 
 
 74 
 
 March
 2023 

Our
directors are elected annually (or as often as we hold meetings of stockholders) and will hold office until our next annual meeting of
the stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified. Officers will hold their positions at the pleasure of the Board
of Directors, absent any employment agreement. Our officers and directors may receive compensation as determined by us from time to time
by vote of the Board of Directors. Such compensation might be in the form of stock options or other equity. Directors may be reimbursed
by the Company for expenses incurred in attending meetings of the board of directors. Vacancies in the Board are filled by majority vote
of the remaining directors. 

The
following is biographical information on the members of our Board of Directors: 

Michael
McLaren, Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chairman 

Mr.
McLaren has served as Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Company since March 2023. Mr. McLaren has served as President,
director and member of the Audit and Compensation Committee of Cycle Energy Corp., an energy company, since September 2015. From September
2015 to January 2018 and October 2018 to January 2023, Mr. McLaren served as Chief Executive Officer and member of the Audit and Compensation
Committee of Xfuels, Inc. (OTC PINK: XFLS) Xfuels ), an energy company. From February 2004 to March 2017, Mr. McLaren
served as President of Coverde Inc., an oil and gas company. Mr. McLaren received a Batchelor of Science degree and a Master of Science
degree in Physics from The University of British Columbia. Mr. McLaren is a resident of Texas. 

On
February 22, 2023, Mr. McLaren and Xfuels agreed to the terms of a Settlement Agreement and Undertaking with the Alberta Securities Commission ASC and the Settlement ). The Settlement settled certain allegations made by the ASC that Xfuels
and Mr. McLaren had breached Alberta securities laws for failure to comply with the terms of a Cease Trade Order (CTO), issued by the
ASC against Xfuels, which Mr. McLaren then served as Chief Executive Officer and director of, as a result of Xfuels failing to make certain
filings required by Alberta securities laws. Pursuant to the Settlement, Xfuels agreed to pay the ASC a monetary settlement of 20,000
Canadian; and cancel all shares issued by Xfuels to Mr. McLaren and his family members between April 2020 and March 2022, without paying
any consideration, by no later than March 31, 2023, which shares have been cancelled to date. Also pursuant to the Settlement, Mr. McLaren
agree to resign all positions he had as a director or officer of any reporting issuer (which definition requires among other things,
that such issuer be an OTC issuer whose business is directed or administered in or from Alberta, Canada, which carries out promotional
activities in or from Alberta, Canada or who has distributed securities to a person or company resident in Alberta, Canada before the
issuer was assigned a ticker symbol), including Xfuels; be prohibited from acting as a director or officer, or both, of any reporting
issuer (discussed above) for a period of two years from the date of the Settlement, subject to certain other requirements; and that he
pursue and complete training in best practices for public company governance and disclosure, as approved by the Executive Director of
the ASC. The terms of the Settlement have been complied with to date, except for the training program requirement, which Mr. McLaren
plans to begin in May 2023. The Settlement has no effect on Mr. McLaren s ability to serve as an officer or director of the Company
for so long as the Company is not directed or administered in or from Alberta, Canada, or unless the Company carries out promotional
activities in or from Alberta, Canada, neither of which are contemplated. 

117 

 Table of Contents 

James
Pendergast, Chief Financial Officer 

Mr.
Pendergast has served as a consultant to Xfuels, Inc., an oil and gas company, since April 2022. Since April 2016, Mr. Pendergast has
also served as Chief Operating Officer of MGO Technologies Ltd., which is in the construction industry. From September 2013 to November
2015, Mr. Pendergast served as Chief Financial Officer of Paramount Structures Ltd., a construction company. From July 20211 to June
2013, he served as Chief Executive Officer of FP Genetics Inc., which is in the farm seed genetics industry. Prior to that, from November
2006 to May 2011, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Parkland Agri Services Ltd., which is in the crop input supply (seed, fertilizer
and chemical) industry. Mr. Pendergast received a bachelor s degree (with honors) from Queen s University in Kingston, Ontario
and a Master of Business Administration degree from McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario. 

Jacob
D. Cohen, Director 

Jacob
Cohen is a serial entrepreneur, corporate finance and executive management professional with over 20 years of investment banking and
capital markets experience having started and growing multiple companies in various industry sectors including marketing, advertising,
healthcare, IT and financial services. Prior to founding the Company, Mr. Cohen was the co-founder and managing partner of several boutique
investment bank and strategic advisory firms where he advised both early and later stage companies in raising capital in the form of
debt and/or equity and in both private and public markets. 

Prior
to his experiences in investment banking, Mr. Cohen served as the Chief Financial Officer of The Renewed Group, Inc., a manufacturer,
wholesaler and retailer of eco-friendly and sustainable apparel primarily made from recycled textiles and under the brand name REUSE
JEANS from 2010 through the end of 2013. Further, Mr. Cohen served from 2008 through 2010 as Executive Vice President and Controller
of Metiscan, Inc., a publicly traded company, and as the President and Chief Executive Officer of one of its subsidiaries, Shoreline
Employment Services, Inc. During his tenure at Metiscan, Mr. Cohen was instrumental in restructuring, reorganizing and operating the
company and its five subsidiaries, and successfully raised over 8 million in equity financing for growth capital. Mr. Cohen also spearheaded
the company s financial audit process and managed its various filings with the SEC. 

From
2007 through 2008, Mr. Cohen served as the Chief Operating Officer of Artfest International, which he assisted in taking public at the
end of 2007. Throughout his career, Mr. Cohen was involved in starting many new ventures, including The AdvertEyes Network, a digital
signage advertising company where he served as founder and CEO. Other positions include investment advisor and institutional equity research
analyst for Solomon Advisors and Huberman Financial, securities broker-dealers, from 2003 through 2005, and investment banker for Allegiance
Capital, a middle market investment bank specializing on mergers and acquisitions, from 2005-2007. Mr. Cohen holds a Bachelor of Arts
in International Economics and Finance from Brandeis University in Waltham, Massachusetts. 

Mr.
Cohen has served as Chief Executive Officer of Mangoceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:MGRX) since October 2021, as a director of Mangoceuticals,
Inc. from October 2021 to present, and as Chairman of Mangoceuticals, Inc. from September 2022 to present. Mr. Cohen served as Chief
Executive Officer of the Company from October 2021 to March 2023 and has served as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company
since October 2021. Mr. Cohen has served as Chief Executive Officer of Ronin Equity Partners, Inc., a private investment company, since
August 2016. Mr. Cohen also serves the Chief Executive Officer of Cohen Enterprises, Inc., a private investment company, which position
he has held since November 2013. Since February 15, 2023, Mr. Cohen has owned 51 of and controlled, Epiq Scripts, LLC. Mr. Cohen has
served as the co-Manager of Epiq Scripts since January 2022. 

118 

 Table of Contents 

Peter
 Casey Jensen, Director 

Peter
 Casey Jensen was appointed as a director of the Company effective October 19, 2021. 

Since
September 2019, Mr. Jensen has served as Managing Partner at PHX Global, LLC providing executive management and international business
advisory services. Mr. Jensen worked as a registered investment adviser from December 2018 through October 2019, at Madison Avenue Securities,
LLC/EFC Wealth Management. In February 2013, Mr. Jensen co-founded JPM Capital, a boutique Investment Bank and Strategic Advisory firm,
where he worked until July 2018, and where he assisted in successfully closing over 160 investments in public companies. While serving
as Managing Partner at JPM, Mr. Jensen invested in healthcare start-ups, and he was able to manage investments from seed stage to profitability.
From February 2013 through December 2016, Mr. Jensen served as a partner and investment advisor at Anubis Capital Advisors, Inc. 

From
2000 to 2010, Mr. Jensen worked in investor education and owned a stock brokerage where he managed approximately 100 million in assets
for high net worth and institutional investors. Also, during this period, Mr. Jensen formed Trindax Capital, LLC, an investment firm
focused on commodities and commercial real estate, where he served as CEO. In 2010, Mr. Jensen combined his experience in commercial
finance and investments, and entered private equity. Mr. Jensen became a Managing Director Heartland Capital Markets, where he co-managed
a variety of private equity investments in both seed and growth stage companies from February 2010 to January 2013. 

In
addition to being a former Registered Investment Adviser, Mr. Jensen has passed Series 3, 7, 24, 63 and 65 FINRA examinations. 

Gary
Giles, Director 

Mr.
Giles has served as the President and as a director of G F Oil, an oil and gas production company, since 1982. Mr. Giles received
a Bachelor of Science Degree in Mechanical Engineering, and a Master of Business Administration degree, from Southern Methodist University. 

Corporate
Governance 

The
Company promotes accountability for adherence to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable
disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with the SEC and in other public communications made by the Company; and strives
to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. 

Board
Leadership Structure 

Our
board of directors has the responsibility for selecting the appropriate leadership structure for the Company. In making leadership structure
determinations, the board of directors considers many factors, including the specific needs of the business and what is in the best interests
of the Company s stockholders. Our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. McLaren, currently serves as Chairman of the board of directors.
The board of directors believes that this leadership structure is the most effective and efficient for the Company at this time. Mr.
McLaren possesses detailed and in-depth knowledge of the issues, opportunities, and challenges facing the Company. The Board believes
that its programs for overseeing risk, as described below, would be effective under a variety of leadership frameworks and therefore
do not materially affect its choice of structure. 

Risk
Oversight 

Effective
risk oversight is an important priority of the board of directors. Because risks are considered in virtually every business decision,
the board of directors discusses risk throughout the year generally or in connection with specific proposed actions. The board of directors 
approach to risk oversight includes understanding the critical risks in the Company s business and strategy, evaluating the Company s
risk management processes, allocating responsibilities for risk oversight, and fostering an appropriate culture of integrity and compliance
with legal responsibilities. The directors exercise direct oversight of strategic risks to the Company. 

119 

 Table of Contents 

Family
Relationships 

None
of our directors are related by blood, marriage, or adoption to any other director, executive officer, or other key employees. 

Arrangements
between Officers and Directors 

To
our knowledge, there is no arrangement or understanding between any of our officers and any other person, including directors, pursuant
to which the officer was selected to serve as an officer, except that the February 2023 Exchange Agreement with Cycle Energy required
the Company to invite two persons to join its Board of Directors at the recommendation of the Shareholder following the Closing Date,
to fill the vacancies created by the resignation of two of the current members of the Company s Board of Directors, which change
in directors occurred, pursuant to which Lorraine D Alessio and Dr. Kenny Meyers, resigned as members of the Board of Directors
effective March 9, 2023 and effective as of the same date, Mr. Michael McLaren and Mr. Gary Giles, were appointed as directors of the
Company. 

In
addition, the Exchange Agreement required the Company s then current officers to resign and new officers of the Company to be appointed
at the direction of the Shareholder. As a result, effective on March 9, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, Mr. Jacob
D. Cohen, the then Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, resigned as Chief Executive Officer, President and
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer of the Company, the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Michael McLaren
as Chief Executive Officer, President and Principal Executive Officer of the Company and Mr. James Pendergast as the Chief Financial
Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer of the Company, each to hold such positions until their death, resignation, retirement,
removal or disqualification, or until their successors shall have been elected and qualified. 

Other
Directorships 

No
directors of the Company are also directors of issuers with a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (or
which otherwise are required to file periodic reports under the Exchange Act), except for Jacob D. Cohen who serves as Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of Mangoceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:MGRX). 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our executive officers or directors has been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years (except as disclosed
above under their individual bios): 

(1)
any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the
time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

(2)
any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being a named subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and minor
offenses); 

(3)
being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or
banking activities; 

(4)
being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated
a federal or state securities or commodities law; 

120 

 Table of Contents 

(5)
being the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (i) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation;
(ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or
prohibition order, or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

(6)
being the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self- regulatory
organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section (1)(a)(40) of the Commodity
Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity, or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
associated with a member. 

Board
of Directors and Committee Meetings 

During
the fiscal years that ended on December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Board held no meetings, but took various actions via written consent of
the board of directors. 

Committees
of the Board 

Board
Committee Membership 

Independent 
 
 Audit 
 Committee 
 
 Michael
 McLaren (1) 

Jacob
 D. Cohen 

Peter
 Casey Jensen 
 
 X 
 
 C 
 
 Gary
 Giles 
 
 X 

(1)
Chairman of Board of Directors. 

 C
- Chairman of Committee. 

 M
- Member. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee, which is comprised exclusively of independent directors, has been established by the Board to oversee our accounting
and financial reporting processes and the audits of our financial statements. 

The
Board has selected the members of the Audit Committee based on the Board s determination that the members are financially literate
and qualified to monitor the performance of management and the independent auditors and to monitor our disclosures so that our disclosures
fairly present our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
Board has also determined that Mr. Jensen, is an audit committee financial expert (as defined in the SEC rules)
because he has the following attributes: (i) an understanding of generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP and financial statements; (ii) the ability to assess the general application of such principles in connection
with accounting for estimates, accruals and reserves; (iii) experience analyzing and evaluating financial statements that present a breadth
and level of complexity of accounting issues that are generally comparable to the breadth and complexity of issues that can reasonably
be expected to be raised by our financial statements; (iv) an understanding of internal control over financial reporting; and (v) an
understanding of audit committee functions. Mr. Jensen has acquired these attributes as a result of his significant experience serving
on the board of directors of various private and public companies and as an investor and founder of a private equity firm. 

121 

 Table of Contents 

The
Audit Committee has the sole authority, at its discretion and at our expense, to retain, compensate, evaluate and terminate our independent
auditors and to review, as it deems appropriate, the scope of our annual audits, our accounting policies and reporting practices, our
system of internal controls, our compliance with policies regarding business conduct and other matters. In addition, the Audit Committee
has the authority, at its discretion and at our expense, to retain special legal, accounting or other advisors to advise the Audit Committee. 

Other
Committees 

Our
Company currently does not have nominating or compensation committees or committees performing similar functions, nor does our Company
have a written nominating or compensation committee charter. Our directors believe that it is not necessary to have such committees,
at this time, because the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by our board of directors. 

Our
Company does not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for stockholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors.
Our directors believe that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance
until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria
for the election of nominees to the board of directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees.
The board of directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or stockholders, and make recommendations for election
or appointment. 

Corporate
Governance 

The
Company promotes accountability for adherence to honest and ethical conduct and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental
laws, rules and regulations. 

Our
Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the scope,
results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company s financial statements and other services provided by the Company s
independent public accountants. The Audit Committee reviews the Company s internal accounting controls, practices and policies. 

Director
Independence 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB Market maintained by OTC Markets. The OTCQB Market does not require us to have independent
members of our board of directors. Notwithstanding that, our board of directors has determined that Peter Casey Jensen
and Gary Giles are independent pursuant to the rules of the NASDAQ Capital Market. 

As
described above, we do not currently have a separately designated nominating or compensation committee. 

Stockholder
Communications with the Board 

Our
stockholders and other interested parties may communicate with members of the Board by submitting such communications in writing to our
Corporate Secretary at 205S Bailey Street, Electra, Texas 76360, who, upon receipt of any communication other than one that is clearly
marked Confidential, will note the date the communication was received, open the communication, make a copy of it
for our files and promptly forward the communication to the director(s) to whom it is addressed. Upon receipt of any communication that
is clearly marked Confidential, our Corporate Secretary will not open the communication, but will note the date
the communication was received and promptly forward the communication to the director(s) to whom it is addressed. If the correspondence
is not addressed to any particular Board member or members, the communication will be forwarded to a Board member to bring to the attention
of the Board. 

122 

 Table of Contents 

Code
of Ethics 

On
June 24, 2020, our board of directors adopted a Code of Ethical Business Conduct Code of Ethics that applies to
all of our directors, officers and employees. The Code of Ethics will be available for review in print, without charge, to any stockholder
who requests a copy by writing to us at 205S Bailey Street, Electra, Texas 76360, Attention: Investor Relations. Each of our directors,
employees and officers are required to comply with the Code of Ethics. 

We
intend to disclose any amendments to our Code of Ethics and any waivers with respect to our Code of Ethics granted to our principal executive
officer, our principal financial officer, or any of our other employees performing similar functions on our website at amihcorp.com within
four business days after the amendment or waiver. In such case, the disclosure regarding the amendment or waiver will remain available
on our website for at least 12 months after the initial disclosure. There have been no waivers granted with respect to our Code of Ethics
to any such officers or employees. 

Policy
on Equity Ownership 

The
Company does not have a policy on equity ownership at this time. 

Policy
Against Hedging 

The
Company recognizes that hedging against losses in Company shares may disturb the alignment between stockholders and executives that equity
awards are intended to build. Accordingly, the Company discourages short sales of the Company s securities by officers,
directors and employees. 

Compensation
Recovery and Clawback Policies 

Other
than legal requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), we currently do not have any
policies in place in the event of misconduct that results in a financial restatement that would have reduced a previously paid incentive
amount, we can recoup those improper payments from our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, our CEO and CFO may be subject to clawbacks in the event of a restatement. Thus, the Board has not deemed any additional recoupment
policies to be necessary. We will continue to monitor regulations and trends in this area. 

Whistleblower
Protection Policy 

The
Company adopted a Whistleblower Protection Policy Whistleblower Policy that applies to all of its directors, officers,
employees, consultants, contractors and agents of the Company. The Whistleblower Policy has been reviewed and approved by the Board. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our common
stock to file reports of their ownership of, and transactions in, our common stock with the SEC and to furnish us with copies of the
reports they file. Based solely upon our review of the Section 16(a) filings that have been made by our directors and executive officers,
we believe that for the year ended December 31, 2022, all Section 16(a) filings were timely filed, except that Jacob D. Cohen, our former
Chief Executive Officer and current director failed to timely report three transactions and as a result two Form 4 filing were not timely
made. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of (i) all individuals serving as our principal executive officer
or acting in a similar capacity during the last completed fiscal year PEO ), regardless of compensation level; (ii)
our two most highly compensated executive officers other than the PEO who were serving as executive officers at the end of the last completed
fiscal year, if any; and (iii) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided pursuant to paragraph (ii)
but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer at the end of the last completed fiscal year (collectively,
the Named Executive Officers ). 

123 

 Table of Contents 

Name and 
 Principal Position 
 Fiscal
 Year Ended December 31 
 Salary
 ) 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Stock 
 Award (s) 
 Option
 Awards 
 All
 Other Compensation (5) 
 Total 
 
 Jacob D. Cohen,
 Former President and CEO (a) 
 2022 
 173,500
 (1) 
 
 24,000
 (2) 
 
 18,000
 (4) 
 215,500 

2021 
 150,000 
 
 950,000
 (3) 
 
 18,000
 (4) 
 1,118,000 

Craig
 A. Hewitt Former
 CFO (b) 
 2022 
 2,740 

2,740 

Alejandro Rodriguez, CEO,
 EPIQ MD, Inc. (c) 
 2022 
 60,000 

60,000 

2021 
 115,000 
 
 1,520,000 (5) 

1,635,000 

Verdie Bowen, COO, EPIQ MD,
 Inc. (c) 
 2022 
 30,000 

30,000 

2021 
 60,000 
 
 570,000
 (6) 

630,000 

Does
not include perquisites and other personal benefits, or property, unless the aggregate amount of such compensation is more than 10,000.
No executive officer earned any non-equity incentive plan compensation or nonqualified deferred compensation during the periods reported
above. There have been no changes in the Company s compensation policies since December 31, 2022. 

The fair value of stock issued for services computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification
Topic 718 on the date of grant. The fair value of options granted computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting
Standards Codification Topic 718 on the date of grant. 

(b)
On and effective on May 19, 2022, Dr. Craig A. Hewitt resigned as Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer
of the Company). Dr. Hewitt had served as Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer since March 30, 2022. 

(c)
Effective on July 7, 2022, in connection with the Company s divestment of its interest in Epiq MD, each of Messrs. Rodriguez and
Bowen, who had been party to separate Executive Employment Agreements with the Company since January 21, 2021, executed separate agreements
terminating their employment with the Company and containing a mutual release of claims and a mutual non-disparagement agreement. 

124 

 Table of Contents 

(1) 60,000
has been accrued to Mr. Cohen, which remains unpaid as of the date of this Report. 

(2)
Represents the value of 6,000,000 shares of common stock issued on December 30, 2022, valued at 0.004 per share, in consideration for
services rendered. 

(3)
Represents the value of 41,667 shares of common stock issued on January 22, 2021, valued at 22.80 per share, in consideration
for services rendered. 

(4)
Represents an automobile allowance of 1,500 per month pursuant to the terms of Mr. Cohen s employment agreement. 

(5)
Represents the value of 66,667 shares of common stock issued on January 22, 2021, valued at 22.80 per share, in consideration
for services rendered. 

(6)
Represents the value of 25,000 shares of common stock issued on January 22, 2021, valued at 22.80 per share, in consideration
for services rendered. 

Employment
Agreements 

Employment
Agreement of Jacob D. Cohen, Former Chief Executive Officer (Terminated) 

Effective
on January 12, 2022, the Company entered into a new employment agreement with Mr. Cohen, which replaced and superseded the Executive
Employment Agreement (the New Employment Agreement ). 

The
New Employment Agreement, which provided for Mr. Cohen to continue to serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, had a three-year
term expiring January 12, 2025, provided that the New Employment Agreement automatically extended for additional one year terms thereafter
in the event neither party provides the other at least 60 days prior notice of their intention not to renew the terms of the agreement.
The New Employment Agreement also requires the Board, subject to certain exceptions, to nominate Mr. Cohen to serve on the Board at each
stockholders meeting which occurs during the term of the New Employment Agreement and to serve as the Chairman of the Board. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the New Employment Agreement, Mr. Cohen s annual compensation package included (1) a base salary of 180,000 per
year, subject to automatic 60,000 annual increases beginning December 31, 2022 and on each December 31 thereafter, along with such other
increases as may be determined in the sole discretion of the Board from time to time (the Base Salary (2) a yearly
incentive bonus Incentive Bonus equal to 10 of the net income of the Company and its current and existing and
subsequently acquired or organized subsidiaries, determined annually on a consolidated basis by the Company s independent accounting
firm; and (3) an award of 83,333 restricted shares of the Company s common stock as a signing bonus in consideration of Mr. Cohen
entering into the New Employment Agreement. Mr. Cohen may also receive additional bonuses awarded from time to time in the discretion
of the Board and/or Compensation Committee (if any) in cash, stock or other equity consideration, and the Board of Directors may also
increase Mr. Cohen s salary from time to time, with or without amending the New Employment Agreement, in its discretion. Mr. Cohen
is also paid an automobile allowance of 1,500 per month during the term of the New Employment Agreement and is eligible to participate
in our stock option plan and other benefit plans. 

The
agreement prohibited Mr. Cohen from competing against us during the term of the agreement and for a period of twelve months after the
termination of the agreement in any state and any other geographic area in which we or our Subsidiaries provide Restricted Services or
Restricted Products, directly or indirectly, during the twelve months preceding the date of the termination of the agreement. Restricted
Services means any online, direct-to-consumer subscription-based telemedicine or life-coaching platform, and any other services
that we or our subsidiaries have provided or are researching, developing, performing and/or providing at any time during the two years
immediately preceding the date of termination, or which Mr. Cohen has obtained any trade secret or other confidential information about
at any time during the two years immediately preceding the date of termination of the agreement. Restricted Products 
means pharmaceutical drugs and other healthcare products and any other product, that we or our subsidiaries have provided or are researching,
developing, manufacturing, distributing, purchasing, selling and/or providing at any time during the two years immediately preceding
the date the agreement is terminated, or which Mr. Cohen obtained any trade secret or other confidential information in connection with
at any time during the two years immediately preceding the date of termination of the agreement. 

125 

 Table of Contents 

The
agreement contained standard assignment of inventions, indemnification and confidentiality provisions. 

Effective
on February 15, 2023, Jacob D. Cohen terminated his Employment Agreement with the Company dated January 12, 2022, in connection with
his resignation as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and in consideration for 40,000. 

Employment
Agreement of Dr. Craig Hewitt, Chief Financial Officer (Terminated) 

On
February 11, 2022, and to become effective the day after the filing of this Report, the Company entered into a Confidential Employment
Offer Letter and Summary of Terms and Conditions with Dr. Craig Hewitt (the Employment Agreement ). 

Pursuant
to the Employment Agreement, Dr. Hewitt agreed to serve as Chief Financial Officer CFO of the Company. In consideration
for performing services, which required that Dr. Hewitt allocate his full business efforts to the Company, the Company agreed to pay
Dr. Hewitt a starting salary of 48,000 per year, which was to be increased to 120,000 if the Company achieved a successful uplisting
to a national exchange (NASDAQ or NYSE). 

Dr.
Hewitt s employment agreement was terminated effective May 19, 2022 

Employment
Agreement of Alejandro Rodriguez, Chief Executive Officer of EPIQ MD, Inc. (Terminated) 

On
January 21, 2021, we entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Alejandro Rodriguez, pursuant to which Mr. Rodriguez agreed
to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of EPIQ MD, Inc. EPIQ MD ), a newly formed wholly-owned Texas subsidiary
of the Company. The agreement had an initial term of three years, beginning on January 1, 2021, provided that the agreement automatically
extended for additional one-year terms thereafter in the event neither party provides the other at least 60 days prior notice of their
intention not to renew the terms of the agreement. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the agreement, Mr. Rodriguez s annual compensation package included annual base compensation of 90,000 for the
first three months, which increased to an annual base salary of 120,000 commencing April 1, 2021, throughout the initial term of the
agreement, provided that the annual salary increased to 240,000 upon Mr. Rodriguez and EPIQ MD achieving the First Performance Benchmarks
(defined below), and increases to 500,000 upon achieving the Second Performance Benchmark (defined below). 

Mr.
Rodriguez s employment agreement was terminated effective June 30, 2022. 

Employment
Agreement of Verdie Bowen, President and Chief Operating Officer of EPIQ MD, Inc. (Terminated) 

On
January 21, 2021, we entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Verdie Bowen, pursuant to which Mr. Bowen agreed to serve as
the President and Chief Operating Officer of EPIQ MD. The agreement had an initial term of three years, beginning on January 1, 2021,
provided that the agreement automatically extended for additional one-year terms thereafter in the event neither party provides the other
at least 60 days prior notice of their intention not to renew the terms of the agreement. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the agreement, Mr. Bowen s annual compensation package included base annual compensation of 60,000 for the first
three months, which increased to an annual base salary of 120,000 commencing April 1, 2021 throughout the initial term of the agreement,
provided that the annual increased to 240,000 upon Mr. Bowen and EPIQ MD achieving 10,000 active customers. 

126 

 Table of Contents 

Mr.
Bowen s employment agreement was terminated effective June 30, 2022. 

Consulting
and Service Agreements 

On
March 8, 2021, we entered into a Consulting Agreement with KBHS, LLC KBHS ), whose Chief Executive Officer is Mr.
Kevin Harrington, who has been appointed as the sole member of our Advisory Board. 

Pursuant
to the Consulting Agreement, KBHS agreed to provide consulting services to the Company as the Company s Brand Ambassador, including
providing endorsement services and advising on marketing, promotions, acquisitions, licensing and business development. KBHS also agreed
to up to four webinar appearances on behalf of the Company per year to support the Company s direct sales efforts. The Consulting
Agreement has a term of two years, and can be terminated with ten days prior written notice (subject to applicable cure rights set forth
in the Consulting Agreement), in the event we or KBHS breach any term of the agreement, or we fail to pay any amounts due, become subject
to any government regulatory investigation, certain lawsuits, claims, actions or take certain other actions during the term of the Consulting
Agreement. 

As
consideration for providing the services under the Consulting Agreement, we agreed to issue KBHS 1.5 million shares of restricted common
stock, which vest immediately upon issuance, to pay KBHS 10,000 per month, and agreed to pay KBHS a 5 finder s fee on any new
business introduced or developed by KBHS and 7.5 of the value of any acquisition or merger created or developed exclusively by KBHS,
undertaken by the Company, subject to applicable laws. In the event we fail to pay any consideration due under the Consulting Agreement,
such amount accrues interest at the rate of 1.5 per month until paid in full. As of the date of this Report, no payments have been made
under the Consulting Agreement. 

On
February 15, 2023, we and Cycle Energy entered into a Consulting Agreement with Cohen Enterprises, Inc., which is owned by Mr. Cohen Cohen Enterprises ). Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, Cohen Enterprises agreed to provide consulting and general
business advisory services as reasonably requested by the Company during the term of the agreement, which was for six months, unless
otherwise earlier terminated due to breach of the agreement by either party, and the failure to cure such breach 30 days after written
notice thereof. In consideration for agreeing to provide the services under the agreement, the Company agreed to pay 12,500 per month.
The agreement contains customary confidentiality, non-solicitation provisions and Company indemnification obligations and further limits
Cohen Enterprise s liability under the agreement to 50,000, except for damages due to fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

On
March 1, 2023, the Company entered into a Service Agreement with Greentree Financial Group, Inc. GreenTree whereby
GreenTree agreed to provide the Company with assistance of its financial reporting and statement preparations for the year ended December
31, 2022 and the three quarters ended March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023, as well as in connection with the preparation
of the Company s 2022 US corporate income tax returns (the Service Agreement ). The Service Agreement commenced
on March 1, 2023 and ends on December 31, 2023. In consideration for the services provided under the Service Agreement, the Company
agreed to pay GreenTree 120,000 of which 20,000 is to be paid in cash and the remaining 100,000 to be paid through the issuance of
a Convertible Promissory Note (the GreenTree Note ). The GreenTree Note had an effective date of March 1, 2023, has
a term of one year, accrues interest at the rate of 12 per annum, and converts into common stock at the option of GreenTree at the lower
of a) 0.01 per share and b) 50 of the lowest trading prices of the Company s common stock on the primary trading market for the
common stock for the last twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to but not including the conversion date . The Company may,
at its option, at any time and from time to time, prepay all or any part of the principal balance of the GreenTree Service Note before
the maturity date, with a penalty or premium equal to 20 of the sum of any outstanding principal and any interest accrued as of the
prepayment date provided that the Company provide GreenTree fifteen (15) days advanced written notice of its intent to prepay.
The GreenTree Note includes a 4.9 beneficial ownership limitation preventing the conversion of the note into common stock if upon such
conversion GreenTree would beneficially own more than 4.9 of the Company s then outstanding common stock, which may be increased
to up to 9.9 with not less than 61 days prior written notice. We agreed to pay 1,500 of GreenTree s costs in connection with
each conversion of the GreenTree Note. If at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any common stock, options to purchase common
stock, securities convertible into common stock or rights relating to common stock (the Purchase Rights to any
person, entity, association, or other organization other than GreenTree, at a price per share less than the conversion price then in
effect, then the conversion price is automatically reduced to match the price per share of the Purchase Rights. The GreenTree Note contains
customary events of default. 

127 

 Table of Contents 

Director
Summary Compensation Table 

We
grant our Board members options from time to time as consideration for their services to the Board. Our executive officers who are directors
are not paid any consideration for their service to the Board separate from the consideration they are paid as executive officers of
the Company, as shown above. 

The
following table sets forth summary information concerning the compensation we paid to non-executive directors during the year ended December
31, 2022: 

Name (1) 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Option Awards )(1) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Peter Casey Jensen 
 
 7,500 
 
 7,500 
 
 Lorraine D Alessio 
 
 7,500 
 
 7,500 
 
 Dr. Kenny Myers 
 
 7,500 
 
 7,500 

The table above does not include the amount of any expense reimbursements paid to the above directors. No directors received any Stock
Awards, Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation, Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings during the period
presented. Does not include perquisites and other personal benefits, or property, unless the aggregate amount of such compensation is
more than 10,000. 

(1)
 Represents the fair value of the grant of certain options to purchase shares of our common stock calculated in accordance with
Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718. 

Outstanding
Option Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year End 

There
were no unvested stock or option awards outstanding at year end held by executive officers. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of June 9, 2023 (the Date
of Determination by (i) each Named Executive Officer, as such term is defined in Executive Compensation ,
(ii) each member of our board of directors, (iii) each person deemed to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of our
common stock or preferred stock, and (iv) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, each person
named in the following table is assumed to have sole voting power and investment power with respect to all shares of our stock listed
as owned by such person. The address of each person is deemed to be the address of the Company unless otherwise noted. 

128 

 Table of Contents 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting and/or investing power with respect to securities.
These rules generally provide that shares of common stock subject to options, warrants or other convertible securities that are currently
exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of the Date of Determination, are deemed to be outstanding and
to be beneficially owned by the person or group holding such options, warrants or other convertible securities for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of such person or group, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person or group. The percentages are based upon 195,000,000 shares of our common stock outstanding as of the Date of Determination. 

To
our knowledge, except as indicated in the footnotes to this table and pursuant to applicable community property laws, as of the Date
of Determination, (a) the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock
shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws; and (b) no person owns more than 5 of our common
or preferred stock. Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each of the officers or directors listed in the table below is 205S Bailey
Street, Electra, Texas 76360. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Common Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Common Ownership Percentage 
 Series A Preferred Stock Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Series A Preferred Stock Percentage (1) 
 Total Voting Percentage (2) 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Michael McLaren (3) 

1,000,000 
 100 
 60.0 
 
 Jacob D. Cohen (4) 
 458,333 

James Pendergast 

Gary Giles 

Peter Casey Jensen 
 6,902 

Verdie Bowen 
 25,000 

Alejandro Rodriguez 
 66,667 

Dr. Craig Hewitt 

All officers and directors as a group (six persons) 
 27,914,112 
 
 1,000,000 
 100 
 60.1 

Greater than 5 Shareholders 

Cavalry Fund I LP (5) 
 21,426,193 (6) 
 9.9 

4.4 
 
 L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund (7) 
 21,426,193 (8) 
 9.99 

4.4 

Less than 1 . 

(1)
 The Series A Preferred Stock currently has the right, voting in aggregate, to vote on all shareholder matters equal to sixty percent
(60 of the total vote. The Series A Preferred Stock is also currently convertible into 60 of the Company s total outstanding
common stock following such conversion (i.e., 150 of the Company s outstanding common stock on a pre-conversion basis), subject
to the Individual Conversion Limitation, discussed above. 

(2)
 Based on 487,500,000 total voting shares, including 195,000,000 shares voted by our common stockholders and 292,500,000 voting
shares voted by our Series A Preferred Stock holder, Marble Trital Inc. (see also footnote 1). 

(3)
 The shares of common stock held in the name of Marble Trital Inc., are beneficially owned by Mr. Michael McLaren due to his ownership
of 100 of Marble Trital Inc. and his position as Chief Executive Officer thereof. 

129 

 Table of Contents 

(4)
 The shares of common stock are held in the name of Cohen Enterprises, Inc., which shares Mr. Cohen is deemed to beneficially own
due to his ownership of 100 of Cohen Enterprises and his position as President thereof. 

(5)
 Address: 82 E. Allendale Rd., Ste 5B, Saddle River, NJ 07458. Cavalry Fund I Management LLC, the investment manager of Cavalry
Fund I LP, has voting and investment power over these securities. Thomas Walsh is the managing member of Cavalry Fund I Management LLC,
which is the general partner of Cavalry Fund I LP. Thomas Walsh disclaims beneficial ownership over these securities. Based solely on
the Schedule 13G/A filed by Cavalry Fund I LP on February 13, 2023, which we do not know or have reason to believe is not complete or
accurate and on which we are relying pursuant to applicable SEC regulations. 

(6)
 Represents shares of common stock issuable upon partial conversion of a 6 original issue discount secured convertible note. Excludes
additional shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the convertible note due to a 9.9 beneficial ownership blocker provision
and excludes shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of a common stock purchase warrant. The warrant is subject to a 4.9 beneficial
ownership limitation. See also Footnote (5) above. 

(7)
 Address: 161A Shedden Road, 1 Artillery Court, PO Box 10085, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands KY1-1001. David Feldman and Joel Arber
are the Directors of L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund Ltd. As such, L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund Ltd, Mr. Feldman
and Mr. Arber may be deemed to beneficially own the shares of the Company held by L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund. To the
extent Mr. Feldman and Mr. Arber are deemed to beneficially own such shares, Mr. Feldman and Mr. Arber disclaim beneficial ownership
of these securities for all other purposes. Based solely on the Schedule 13G/A filed by L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund on
February 9, 2023, which we do not know or have reason to believe is not complete or accurate and on which we are relying pursuant to
applicable SEC regulations. 

(8)
 Represents 220,781 shares outstanding of common stock (per the Schedule 13G/A referenced in footnote (7), above) and shares of
common stock issuable upon partial conversion of a 6 original issue discount secured convertible note. Excludes additional shares of
common stock issuable upon conversion of the convertible note due to a 9.99 beneficial ownership blocker provision and excludes shares
of common stock issuable upon exercise of a common stock purchase warrant. The warrant is subject to a 9.99 beneficial ownership limitation.
See also Footnote (7) above. 

Change
of Control 

The
Company is not aware of any arrangements which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of the Company. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table sets forth information, as of December 31, 2021, with respect to our compensation plans under which common stock is authorized
for issuance. 

Plan
 Category 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-
 average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation
 plans approved by security holders (1) 
 - 
 - 
 107,750 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 - 
 
 107,750 

(1)
Represents shares available for awards under the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 

(2)
Represents shares available for awards under the Company s 2019 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. 

130 

 Table of Contents 

2019
Stock Option Plan 

On
July 5, 2019, the board of directors adopted and approved a 2019 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ).
The 2019 Plan is intended to promote the interests of the Company by providing eligible persons with the opportunity to acquire a proprietary
interest, or otherwise increase their proprietary interest, in the Company as an incentive for them to remain in the service of the Company.
The maximum number of shares available to be issued under the 2019 Plan is currently 107,750 shares, subject to adjustments for
any stock splits, stock dividends or other specified adjustments which may take place in the future. The Company has issued 58,917
shares of common stock under the 2019 Plan as of the date of this Report. 

The
2019 Plan is administered by the Company s board of directors. Persons eligible to participate in the 2019 Plan must: (i) be a
natural person, (ii) provide bona fide services to the Company, and (iii) provide services to the Company that services are not in connection
with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction, and do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market
for the registrant s securities. All grants under the 2019 Plan are intended to comply with the requirements under Internal Revenue
Code Section 409A and activities under the 2019 Plan will be administered accordingly. 

Options
granted under the 2019 Plan are evidenced by agreement between the recipient and the Company, subject to the following general provisions:(i)
a recipient of employee stock option may not exercise any options which would cause him/her/it to hold more than 4.9 of the Company s
issued and outstanding common or voting stock, unless such limitation is waived by providing 61 days written notice to the Company,
but in no event may exercise options that would cause such recipient to hold more than 9.9 of the Company s issued and outstanding
common or voting stock; and (ii) the term of stock options shall be limited to a maximum of two years, unless otherwise approved by the
board of directors. 

2021
Stock Option Plan 

Effective
on July 30, 2021, the majority shareholders approved the adoption of the American International Holdings Corp. 2021 Equity Incentive
Plan (the 2021 Plan ), which in accordance with Rule 14c-2 of the Exchange Act, became effective on September 13,
2021, forty days after the date the information statement disclosing the adoption of such 2021 Plan was first made available to shareholders. 

The
2021 Plan provides an opportunity for any employee, officer, director, or consultant of the Company, subject to limitations provided
by federal or state securities laws, to receive (i) incentive stock options (to eligible employees only); (ii) nonqualified stock options;
(iii) restricted stock; (iv) stock awards; (v) shares in performance of services; or (vi) any combination of the foregoing. In making
such determinations, the Board of Directors may take into account the nature of the services rendered by such person, his or her present
and potential contribution to the Company s success, and such other factors as the Board of Directors in its discretion shall deem
relevant. 

Subject
to adjustment in connection with the payment of a stock dividend, a stock split or subdivision or combination of the shares of common
stock, or a reorganization or reclassification of the Company s common stock, the aggregate number of shares of common stock which
may be issued pursuant to awards under the 2021 Plan is the sum of (i) 11,100,000 shares, and (ii) an annual increase on April 1st of
each calendar year, beginning in 2022 and ending in 2031, in each case subject to the approval of the Board of Directors or the compensation
committee of the Company (if any) on or prior to the applicable date, equal to the lesser of (A) five percent (5 of the total shares
of common stock of the Company outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year; (B) 10,000,000 shares of common
stock; and (C) such smaller number of shares as determined by the Board of Directors or compensation committee of the of the Company
(if any)(the Share Limit ), also known as an evergreen provision. Notwithstanding the foregoing, shares added
to the Share Limit are available for issuance as incentive stock options only to the extent that making such shares available for issuance
as incentive stock options would not cause any incentive stock option to cease to qualify as such. In the event that the Board of Directors
or the compensation committee (if any) does not take action to affirmatively approve an increase in the Share Limit on or prior to the
applicable date provided for under the plan, the Share Limit remains at its then current level. Notwithstanding the above, no more than
90,000,000 incentive stock options may be granted pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Plan. 

131 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS; AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Except
as discussed below or otherwise disclosed above under Item 11. Executive Compensation or
 Note 8 Loans to Related Parties to the Company s audited consolidated financial statements
included herein under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , which
information is incorporated by reference where applicable in this Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions; And Director Independence section, the following sets forth a summary of all transactions since the
beginning of the fiscal year of 2021, or any currently proposed transaction, in which the Company was to be a participant and the
amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of the Company s total assets at the
fiscal years end for 2022 and 2021, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other
than compensation described above under Item 11. Executive Compensation ). We believe the terms
obtained or consideration that we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were
comparable to terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm s-length
transactions. 

Loans
from Related Parties 

As
of December 31, 2021, the short-term note payable to Kemah Development Texas, LP, a company owned by Dror Family Trust, a former related
party totaled 13,473. On May 23, 2022, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Kemah Development Texas, LP to settle
the entire balance of 13,473 in exchange for 2,000 in cash. 

On
September 27, 2021, October 29, 2021, November 2, 2021, and November 12, 2021, Jacob Cohen, our Chief Executive Officer, advanced the
Company, 50,000, 15,000, 10,000, and 40,000, respectively, which loans are payable upon demand and not bearing interest. These amounts
were repaid in November, 2021. 

On December 28, 2022, the Company received an advance in the amount of
 250,000 from a former Director, due on demand for 0 interest. The principal balance as of December 31, 2022 was 250,000. 

132 

 Table of Contents 

Long-Term
Debt to Related Parties 

On April 12, 2019, the Company entered into individual share exchange agreements
and promissory notes with each of Daniel Dror, Winfred Fields and former Directors Everett Bassie and Charles Zeller (the AMIH
Shareholders ), whereby the AMIH Shareholders agreed to cancel and exchange a total of 98,333 shares of their AMIH common stock.
The Company issued individual promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of 350,000 (the Promissory Notes for cancellation of the 98,333 common shares. The Promissory Notes have a term of two years and accrue interest at the rate of 10 per
annum until paid in full by the Company. The Note and accrued interest totaling 280,108 was settled by the issuance of 57,942 common
shares of the Company. The shares were valued at 16.20 and 18.60 per share based on the market price at the settlement date. Accordingly,
the Company recorded a loss on loan settlement of 758,601 during the year ended December 31, 2020. These notes are currently in default.
The principal balance on the note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 110,000. The Company accrued 18,956 and 29,956 of interest on these notes during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company incurred long term debt in the amount of 37,027 during the year ended December 31, 2019 to purchase equipment used in its operations.
The total purchase price was 37,027, with the Company making a down payment in the amount of 3,000. The note is due in monthly payments
of 1,258.50, including interest at 8 , due in September 2021. Due to the Company s discontinued operations of its MedSpas, the
equipment was returned in the third quarter of 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of the note was 0. 

At
December 31, 2022, accrued compensation was 110,000, representing 60,000 as owed to Jacob Cohen, the Company s CEO and 25,000
owed to each of Alan Hernandez and Esteban Alexander, the Company s former officers and directors. The total balance as of December 31, 2021 was 103,500. 

Additional
Transactions 

On
July 5, 2019, our board of directors adopted and approved our 2019 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. The Plan is intended to promote the
interests of our Company by providing eligible person with the opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest, or otherwise increase their
proprietary interest, in the Company as an incentive for them to remain in the service of the Company. The maximum number of shares available
to be issued under the Plan is currently 10,000,000 shares, subject to adjustments for any stock splits, stock dividends or other specified
adjustments which may take place in the future. The Company issued a total of 2,535,000 shares to eligible persons under the Plan and
recorded a total 2,193,550 as Stock Based Compensation against these issuances for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company issued a total of 13,139,129 shares to eligible persons under the Plan and recorded a total 344,250
as Stock Based Compensation against these issuances for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
May 20, 2020, the Company issued one share of its newly designated shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the rights associated with such
Series A Preferred Stock are described in greater detail under Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Description of Capital Stock Preferred Stock Series A Preferred
Stock ), to each of the three members of its then board of directors, (1) Jacob D. Cohen, (2) Esteban Alexander and (3) Alan Hernandez,
in consideration for services rendered to the Company as members of the board of directors. Such shares of Series A Preferred Stock vote
in aggregate sixty percent (60 of the total vote on all shareholder matters, voting separately as a class, as discussed in greater
detail under Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Description
of Capital Stock Preferred Stock Series B Convertible Preferred Stock . Notwithstanding such voting rights, no change
in control of the Company was deemed to have occurred in connection with the issuance since Messrs. Cohen, Alexander and Hernandez, own
in aggregate 68 of the Company s outstanding common stock and therefore controlled the Company prior to such issuance. 

On
October 2, 2020, Jacob D. Cohen, the Chief Executive Officer and member of the board of directors of the Company entered into Stock Purchase
Agreements with each of (a) Esteban Alexander, the Chief Operating Officer and member of the board of directors of the Company, and (b)
Luis Alan Hernandez, the Chief Marketing Officer and member of the board of directors of the Company (collectively, the Preferred
Holders and the Stock Purchase Agreements ). 

133 

 Table of Contents 

Pursuant
to the Stock Purchase Agreements, Mr. Alexander agreed to sell 7,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company which he held to Mr. Cohen,
which rights to such shares were assigned by Mr. Cohen to Cohen Enterprises, Inc., which entity he controls Cohen Enterprises ),
in consideration for an aggregate of 1,500 as well as for the amount of services provided by Mr. Cohen to the Company; and Mr. Hernandez
agreed to sell 4,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company which he held to Cohen Enterprises, in consideration for an aggregate
of 1,000 as well as for the amount of services provided by Mr. Cohen to the Company. The sales closed on November 5, 2020. 

One
of the reasons that Mr. Alexander and Mr. Hernandez agreed to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreements (including the sale of the shares
of common stock of the Company at below market value), is because (a) each of Mr. Cohen, Mr. Alexander, and Mr. Hernandez were all appointed
as officers and directors of the Company at the same time in April 2019, with the intention that such persons would provide a relatively
equal amount of services to the Company in the roles as officers and directors thereof; (b) since such appointment date Mr. Cohen has
been required to provide a disproportionate amount of services to the Company; and (c) each of Mr. Alexander and Mr. Hernandez desired
to provide additional consideration to Mr. Cohen for such disproportionate level of service. 

A
condition to the Stock Purchase Agreements was that each of Mr. Alexander and Mr. Hernandez resign as a member of the board of directors
of the Company by no later than January 15, 2021, which resignations were effective December 15, 2020. 

A
further requirement to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreements was that each of Mr. Alexander and Mr. Hernandez take such actions
necessary and which may be requested from time to time by Mr. Cohen, to affect the cancellation of the one share of Series A Preferred
Stock of the Company held by each of them, for no consideration (including, but not limited to, without the required payment by the Company
of the 1 redemption price described in the designation of such Series A Preferred Stock). 

The
shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by Mr. Alexander and Mr. Hernandez were canceled on November 6, 2020. The common shares were
also transferred to Mr. Cohen on November 6, 2020, and as such, a change of control occurred on such date, with Mr. Cohen taking over
voting control of the Company. 

In
January 2021, the Company issued Mr. Cohen an aggregate of 2.5 million shares of common stock in consideration for services rendered. 

On
January 12, 2022, the Company issued an award of 5,000,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock as a signing bonus in
consideration of Mr. Cohen entering into his new Employment Agreement with the Company. 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company issued 6,000,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock to Jacob D. Cohen, its then Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman, in consideration for services rendered. 

Restructuring
Transactions 

Mangoceuticals
Sale 

On
June 16, 2022, Company entered and closed the transactions contemplated by a Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA ),
with Cohen Enterprises, Inc. Cohen Enterprises ), which entity is owned and controlled by Jacob D. Cohen, the then
Chief Executive Officer and President and then and current member of the Board of Directors of the Company. Pursuant to the SPA, which
was approved by the Board of Directors (with Mr. Cohen abstaining) and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, the Company sold
8,000,000 shares of the outstanding common stock of Mangoceuticals, which represented 80 of the then outstanding shares of common stock
of Mangoceuticals, to Cohen Enterprises in consideration for 90,000, which was approximately the same amount that had been advanced
to Mangoceuticals from the Company through the date of the SPA 89,200). Cohen Enterprises also acquired the right to be repaid the
 90,000 advanced from the Company to Mangoceuticals, from Mangoceuticals, pursuant to the terms of the SPA. As a result of the closing
of the SPA, Cohen Enterprises owned 90 of Mangoceuticals (with the remaining 10 of Mangoceuticals being owned by an unrelated third
party), and the Company has completely divested its interest in Mangoceuticals. 

134 

 Table of Contents 

EPIQ
MD Sale 

On
July 7, 2022, we entered into a June 30, 2022 Equity Interest Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), with
Alejandro Rodriguez and Pan-American Communications Services, S.A. (collectively, the Buyers and our then wholly-owned
subsidiary, EPIQ MD, Inc., a Nevada corporation EPIQ MD ). 

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company sold 5,000,000 shares of common stock of EPIQ MD (the Purchased Shares ),
representing 100 of the then outstanding common stock of EPIQ MD, to the Buyers for an aggregate of 300,000, consisting of 150,000
of cash paid at closing and a 150,000 secured promissory note entered into on June 30, 2022 (the Note ). The Purchase
Agreement includes customary representations and warranties of the parties, confidentiality obligations of the parties, covenants, closing
conditions and indemnification obligations of the parties, subject to certain deductibles. The
Company s aggregate indemnification obligations under the Purchase Agreement are subject to a twelve-month limitation period, a
 300,000 liability cap, and a 5,000 deductible, subject in each case to certain exclusions, and the Buyers have the right to offset
any indemnification obligation not timely paid by the Company against the payments due pursuant to the Note and the Royalty Agreement
(as discussed below). 

The
transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement closed on July 7, 2022 and effective as of June 30, 2022. 

As
additional consideration for the sale of the Purchased Shares, the Company and EPIQ MD also entered into a Royalty Agreement dated June
30, 2022 and entered into on July 7, 2022 (the Royalty Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company is entitled to
receive a 2.50 royalty interest, calculated and payable on a quarterly basis, on the gross revenues of EPIQ MD s telehealth business,
beginning on January 1, 2023 and continuing until the earliest to occur of (i) the Company s receipt of 900,000 in aggregate royalty
payments, (ii) EPIQ MD s exercise of a right of first refusal to buy out the Company s royalty interest for 900,000 (or
another mutually agreed amount) following the Company s receipt of a bona fide third-party offer to purchase the Company s
royalty interest, and (iii) December 31, 2026. The Royalty Agreement also provides for EPIQ MD to have a right of first refusal to purchase
the Company s rights under the Royalty Agreement, in the event the Company chooses to sell such rights in the future. 

The
Note had a maturity date of September 30, 2022, and bears no interest unless an event of default occurs. Upon the occurrence of an event
of default, the Note bears interest at a default rate of 18 per annum until paid in full. The Note was paid in full on September 29,
2022. 

In
connection with the Company s divestment of its interest in EPIQ MD, each of Mr. Rodriguez, and Mr. Verdie Bowen (the CEO and COO,
respectively, of EPIQ MD), and certain other employees of the Company, executed separate release and termination agreements with the
Company (the Releases ). Pursuant to the Releases, each of Mr. Rodriguez, and Mr. Bowen terminated their respective
Executive Employment Agreements with the Company dated as of January 21, 2021, without any severance or continuing obligations of the
Company. Each release and termination agreement contains a mutual release of claims and mutual non-disparagement covenants. The Company
agreed that all shares of Company common stock issued to each such releasing party which was previously subject to forfeiture would be
deemed fully-earned upon the entry into such Releases. As a result, an aggregate of 83,334 shares of common stock previously subject
to forfeiture became fully-vested. 

Other
than the 40,000 paid to Mr. Cohen at the time of the termination of the Employment Agreement, no material early termination penalties
were incurred by the Company. 

135 

 Table of Contents 

Cycle
Energy Transactions 

On
February 15, 2023, we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement with Cycle Energy Corp.,
a Texas corporation Cycle Energy ), and Marble Trital Inc., the sole shareholder of Cycle Energy (the Shareholder ).
The Shareholder is beneficially owned and controlled by Mr. Michael McLaren, the Company s newly appointed Chief Executive Officer. 

Pursuant
to the Exchange Agreement, which closed on February 15, 2023 (the Closing Date ), the Shareholder exchanged (the
 Exchange 100 of the ownership of Cycle Energy in consideration for 1,000,000 shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock of the Company (the New Series A Shares ). 

Conditions
to closing the Exchange included that the Company must have entered into the Cohen Exchange Agreement (defined and discussed below);
terminated the employment agreement of Jacob D. Cohen, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company; entered into a consulting
agreement with Mr. Cohen; and entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Cohen, all of which occurred, as discussed below. 

Additionally,
the Exchange Agreement required the Company to invite two persons to join its Board of Directors at the recommendation of the Shareholder
following the Closing Date, to fill the vacancies created by the resignation of two of the current members of the Company s Board
of Directors, which change in directors occurred. In addition, the Exchange Agreement required the Company s then current officers
to resign and new officers of the Company to be appointed at the direction of the Shareholder. Each of which appointments and resignations
were completed. 

Also
on February 15, 2023, and as a required condition to the closing of the Exchange Agreement, the Company and Jacob D. Cohen, the then
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, entered into an Exchange Agreement (the Cohen Exchange Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Cohen Exchange Agreement, Mr. Cohen exchanged all 1,000,000 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company which
he held (the Cohen Series A Shares ), with the Company (which Cohen Series A Shares were then cancelled, prior to
being reissued to the Seller as New Series A Shares, as discussed above), for (a) all of the issued and outstanding membership interests
held by the Company in Epiq Scripts, LLC, a Texas limited liability company Epiq Scripts )(representing 51 of Epiq
Scripts)(the Epiq Scripts Interests (b) all cash payments paid to the Company in the future as a Royalty Payment
(as defined in the Royalty Agreement (defined below)) pursuant to that certain Royalty Agreement dated June 30, 2022, by and between
Epiq MD, Inc. a Nevada corporation Epiq MD and the Company (the Royalty Agreement and the
 Royalty Payments (c) all proceeds that the Company receives from any sale of the equity of ZipDoctor, Inc., a
Texas corporation (the ZipDoctor Consideration ), which entity was subsequently sold effective in April 2023 (as
discussed below); and (d) the rights to all debt owed to the Company from Epiq Scripts, in the amount of approximately 850,000 (the
 Epiq Scripts Debt ). 

Pursuant
to the Cohen Exchange Agreement, the Company also agreed to pay all Royalty Payments to Mr. Cohen within five days of its receipt thereof
and that any amount of the Royalty Payments not paid when due will accrue interest at the rate of the lesser of (a) 18 per annum; and
(b) the highest rate allowable pursuant to law, until paid in full (as applicable, (a) or (b), the Default Rate ). 

The
Cohen Exchange Agreement has an effective date of February 15, 2023, and the transactions contemplated by the Cohen Exchange Agreement
closed on February 15, 2023. 

As
a result of the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement and the Cohen Exchange Agreement, and effective on
the Closing Date, February 15, 2023, the Shareholder, through ownership of all 1,000 of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock shares,
holds voting control over 60 of the Company s outstanding voting shares, resulting in a change of control of the Company. Prior
to the closing of the Cohen Exchange Agreement, Jacob D. Cohen held 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, which provided him voting
control over 60 of the Company s outstanding voting shares. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by the Shareholder are
beneficially owned by Michael McLaren, its controlling shareholder owner and officer. As a result, Mr. McLaren, as a result of his control
of the Shareholder, obtained control over the Company upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement, as
he obtained voting control over 60 of the Company s outstanding voting stock due to his ownership of the New Series A Shares. 

136 

 Table of Contents 

On
February 15, 2023, we and Cycle Energy entered into a Consulting Agreement with Cohen Enterprises, Inc., which is owned by Mr. Cohen Cohen Enterprises ). Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, Cohen Enterprises agreed to provide consulting and general
business advisory services as reasonably requested by the Company during the term of the agreement, which was for six months, unless
otherwise earlier terminated due to breach of the agreement by either party, and the failure to cure such breach 30 days after written
notice thereof. In consideration for agreeing to provide the services under the agreement, the Company agreed to pay 12,500 per month.
The agreement contains customary confidentiality, non-solicitation provisions and Company indemnification obligations and further limits
Cohen Enterprise s liability under the agreement to 50,000, except for damages due to fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

Effective
on February 15, 2023, Jacob D. Cohen terminated his Employment Agreement with the Company dated January 12, 2022, in connection with
his resignation as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and in consideration for 40,000. 

ZipDoctor
Sale 

On
March 17, 2023, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Cosmos Health Inc. Cosmos and the SPA ).
Pursuant to the SPA, the Company agreed to sell Cosmos 100 of the outstanding shares of common stock of ZipDoctor, Inc., for 150,000.
The transactions contemplated by the SPA closed on April 3, 2023. The SPA contained representations and warranties of the parties customary
for a transaction of the size and type of the SPA, and includes various indemnification obligations of the parties. 

Review,
Approval and Ratification of Related Party Transactions 

The
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company is tasked with reviewing and approving any issues relating to conflicts of interests
and all related party transactions of the Company Related Party Transactions ). The Audit Committee, in undertaking such
review and will analyze the following factors, in addition to any other factors the Audit Committee deems appropriate, in determining
whether to approve a Related Party Transaction: (1) the fairness of the terms for the Company (including fairness from a financial point
of view); (2) the materiality of the transaction; (3) bids / terms for such transaction from unrelated parties; (4) the structure of
the transaction; (5) the policies, rules and regulations of the U.S. federal and state securities laws; (6) the policies of the Committee;
and (7) interests of each related party in the transaction. 

The
Audit Committee will only approve a Related Party Transaction if the Audit Committee determines that the terms of the Related Party Transaction
are beneficial and fair (including fair from a financial point of view) to the Company and are lawful under the laws of the United States.
In the event multiple members of the Audit Committee are deemed a related party, the Related Party Transaction will be considered by
the disinterested members of the Board of Directors in place of the Committee. 

In
addition, our Code of Ethics (described above under Code of Ethics ), which is applicable to all of our employees, officers
and directors, requires that all employees, officers and directors avoid any conflict, or the appearance of a conflict, between an individual s
personal interests and our interests. 

Director
Independence 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB Market maintained by OTC Markets. The OTCQB Market does not require us to have independent
members of our board of directors. Notwithstanding that, our board of directors has determined that Peter Casey Jensen
and Gary Giles are independent pursuant to the rules of the NASDAQ Capital Market. 

As
described above, we do not currently have a separately designated nominating or compensation committee. 

137 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANTS FEES AND SERVICES 

Independent
Public Accountants 

Our
independent public accounting firm is Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P., 12700 Park Central Drive, Suite 1400, Dallas, Texas 75251,
PCAOB Auditor ID 76. 

On
March 31, 2023, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors approved the dismissal of M K CPA s, PLLC as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm, effective March 31, 2023. M K CPA s PLLC, audited the Company s financial
statements for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

On
March 31, 2023, the Audit Committee approved the appointment of Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. as the Company s new independent
registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2022, effective upon the dismissal of M K CPA s PLLC as the
Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 

Principal
Accounting Fees 

The
following table presents the fees for professional audit services rendered by Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. (who was engaged effective
March 31, 2023) and M K CPAs, PLLC for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, and fees billed for other services rendered by Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. and M K CPAs, PLLC during those
years. All of the services described below were approved by the board of directors. 

Turner,
Stone Company, L.L.P. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 

Audit-related fees (2) 

Tax fees (3) 

All other fees 

M K
CPAs, PLLC 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 38,000 
 36,000 
 
 Audit-related fees (2) 

Tax fees (3) 

All other fees 

(1)
Audit fees consist of audit and review services, consents and review of documents filed with the SEC. 

(2)
Audit-related fees consist of assistance and discussion concerning financial accounting and reporting standards and other accounting
issues. 

(3)
Tax fees consist of preparation of federal and state tax returns, review of quarterly estimated tax payments, and consultation concerning
tax compliance issues. 

It
is the policy of our board of directors that all services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm, including
audit services and permitted audit-related and non-audit services, must be pre-approved by our board of directors. Our board of directors
pre-approved all services, audit and non-audit related, provided to us by Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. and M K CPAs, PLLC
for 2022 and 2021. 

138 

 Table of Contents 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
Documents filed as part of this Annual Report: 

The
following is an index of the financial statements, schedules and exhibits included in this Form 10-K or incorporated herein by reference. 

(1) 
 All
 Financial Statements 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 74 
 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 78 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 79 
 
 Consolidated
 Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 80 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 81 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 82 

(2) 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statement Schedules 

Except
as provided above, all financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present
in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto included in this Form 10-K. 

139 

 Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Filed/ 
 Furnished 
 
 Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Herewith 
 
 2.1+ 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated February 15, 2023, by and among American International Holdings Corp.; Cycle Energy Corp.; and Marble Trital, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 2.1 
 
 3/27/2023 

2.2 
 
 First Amendment to Share Exchange Agreement dated March 9, 2023 and effective February 15, 2023, by and among American International Holdings Corp.; Cycle Energy Corp.; and Marble Trital, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 2.2 
 
 3/27/2023 

2.3 
 
 Exchange Agreement dated February 15, 2023, by and between Jacob D. Cohen and American International Holdings Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 2.3 
 
 3/27/2023 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, as amended 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 3.1 
 
 6/26/2020 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of the Relative Rights and Preferences of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of International American Technologies, Inc. 
 
 SB-2 
 
 333-138902 
 
 4(iii)1 
 
 11/22/2006 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of the Relative Rights and Preferences of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of International American Technologies, Inc. 
 
 SB-2 
 
 333-138902 
 
 4(iii)2 
 
 11/22/2006 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of the Relative Rights and Preferences of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Hammons Industries, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 4(iii)3 
 
 9/26/2007 

3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations of American International Holdings Corp. Establishing the Designations, Preferences, Limitations and Relative Rights of Its Series a Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on May 18, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 3.1 
 
 5/21/2020 

3.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of American International Holdings Corp. Establishing the Designation, Preferences, Limitations and Relative Rights of Its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on May 18, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 3.2 
 
 5/21/2020 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on May 18, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 3.3 
 
 5/21/2020 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of American International Holdings Corp. (1-for-60 Reverse Stock Split of Common Stock) filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on May 6, 2022, and effective May 13, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 3.1 
 
 5/12/2022 

3.9 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations of American International Holdings Corp. Establishing the Designations, Preferences, Limitations and Relative Rights of Its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on May 6, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 3.2 
 
 5/12/2022 

140 

 Table of Contents 

3.10 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of American International Holdings Corp. (1-for-60 Reverse Stock Split of Common Stock) filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on May 6, 2022, and effective May 13, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 3.1 
 
 5/12/2022 

3.11 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations of American International Holdings Corp. Establishing the Designations, Preferences, Limitations and Relative Rights of Its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on May 6, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 3.2 
 
 5/12/2022 

3.12 
 
 Certificate of Correction to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations of American International Holdings Corp. Establishing the Designations, Preferences, Limitations and Relative Rights of Its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on May 18, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 3.1 
 
 5/23/2023 

3.13 
 
 Bylaws of Unlimited Coatings Corporation 
 
 10-SB/12G 
 
 000-50912 
 
 3(ii) 
 
 8/18/2004 

4.1 
 
 Description of Registered Securities 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 4.1 
 
 3/29/2022 

10.1 
 
 American Holdings International Corp. 2019 Employee Stock Option Plan, dated July 5, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 1.1 
 
 7/8/2019 

10.2 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement and Promissory Note, dated as of April 12, 2019, by and between American Holdings International Corp. and Daniel Dror 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/7/2019 

10.3 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement and Promissory Note, dated as of April 12, 2019, by and between American Holdings International Corp. and Winfred Fields 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.2 
 
 6/7/2019 

10.4 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement and Promissory Note, dated as of April 12, 2019, by and between American Holdings International Corp. and Everett Bassie 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.3 
 
 6/7/2019 

10.5 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement and Promissory Note, dated as of April 12, 2019, by and between American Holdings International Corp. and Charles Zeller 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.4 
 
 6/7/2019 

10.6 
 
 Sample Stock Option Award and Stock Option Agreement under 2019 Employee Stock Option Plan 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-232638 
 
 4.2 
 
 7/12/2020 

10.7 
 
 40,000 Promissory Note with Megan Amason dated July 8, 2019 
 
 1-A
 Pos 
 
 024-11080 
 
 6.19 
 
 1/9/2019 

10.8 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated January 6, 2021, by American International Holdings Corp. in favor of the holders thereof 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.3 
 
 1/12/2021 

10.9# 
 
 Security Agreement date January 6, 2021, between American International Holdings Corp., VISSIA McKinney, LLC, VISSIA Waterway, Inc., EPIQ MD, Inc., Legend Nutrition, Inc., Life Guru, Inc and ZipDoctor, Inc., and in favor of the debtors named therein and collateral agent set forth therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.4 
 
 1/12/2021 

10.10# 
 
 Pledge Agreement dated January 6, 2021, by American International Holdings Corp. in favor of the collateral agent set forth thereof 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.5 
 
 1/12/2021 

10.11# 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated January 6, 2021, by American International Holdings Corp. in favor of the investors named thereof 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.6 
 
 1/12/2021 

141 

 Table of Contents 

10.12# 
 
 Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement between American International Holdings Corp., VISSIA McKinney, LLC, VISSIA Waterway, Inc., EPIQ MD, Inc., Legend Nutrition, Inc., Life Guru, Inc and ZipDoctor, Inc., and in favor of the purchasers named therein and collateral agent set forth therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.7 
 
 1/12/2021 

10.13 
 
 January 21, 2021 Employment Agreement between American International Holdings Corp. and Alejandro Rodriquez 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/22/2021 

10.14 
 
 January 21, 2021 Employment Agreement between American International Holdings Corp. and Verdie Bowen 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.2 
 
 1/22/2021 

10.15 
 
 Reduced Fee Agreement between American International Holdings Corp. and The Loev Law Firm, PC dated January 22, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.3 
 
 1/22/2021 

10.16 
 
 Lock-Up Agreement dated January 22, 2021, between American International Holdings Corp. and the shareholders party thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.4 
 
 1/22/2021 

10.17 
 
 March 8, 2021, Consulting Agreement between American International Holdings Corp. and KBHS, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/18/2021 

10.18 
 
 Form of 6 Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated January 6, 2021, by American International Holdings Corp. in favor of the holders thereof 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.3 
 
 4/6/2021 

10.19# 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 24, 2021, by and between American International Holdings Corp., and the Investors party thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/13/2021 

10.20 
 
 Form of 6 Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated June 24, 2021, by American International Holdings Corp. in favor of the holders thereof 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/13/2021 

10.21 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated June 24, 2021, by American International Holdings Corp. in favor of the holders thereof 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.3 
 
 7/13/2021 

10.22# 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated June 24, 2021, by American International Holdings Corp. in favor of the investors named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.4 
 
 7/13/2021 

10.23 
 
 American International Holdings Corp. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/4/2021 

10.24 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and between American International Holdings Corp., and each Investor party thereto (November 2021 Offering) 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/8/2021 

10.25 
 
 Form of Promissory Note by American International Holdings Corp. in favor of the holders thereof (November 2021 Offering) 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.2 
 
 12/8/2021 

10.26 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant by American International Holdings Corp. in favor of the holders thereof (November 2021 Offering) 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.3 
 
 12/8/2021 

10.27 
 
 January 12, 2022 Executive Employment Agreement between American International Holdings Corp. and Jacob D. Cohen 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/18/2022 

10.28 
 
 Confidential Employment Offer Letter and Summary of Terms and Conditions dated February 11, 2022, by and between American International Holdings Corp and Craig Hewitt 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/17/2022 

142 

 Table of Contents 

10.29 
 
 Employment Agreement between American International Holdings Corp. and Maja Matthews dated March 4, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/8/2022 

10.30 
 
 Employment Agreement between American International Holdings Corp. and Sultan Haroon dated March 4, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.2 
 
 3/8/2022 

10.31 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC and American International Holdings Corp., dated May 13, 2022, effective May 16, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/20/2022 

10.32 
 
 137,500 Convertible Promissory Note between 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC and American International Holdings Corp., dated May 13, 2022, effective May 16, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/20/2022 

10.33 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement between American International Holdings Corp. and Cohen Enterprises, Inc., dated June 16, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/23/2022 

10.34 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC and American International Holdings Corp., dated June 17, 2022, effective June 16, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.2 
 
 6/23/2022 

10.35 
 
 88,775 Convertible Promissory Note between 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC and American International Holdings Corp., dated June 17, 2022, effective June 16, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.3 
 
 7/12/2022 

10.36 
 
 Equity Interest Purchase Agreement by and among American International Holdings Corp., EPIQ MD, Inc., Alejandro Rodriguez and Pan-American Communications Services, S.A., entered into on July 7, 2022, and dated June 30, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/12/2022 

10.37 
 
 150,000 Secured Promissory Note from Alejandro Rodriguez and Pan-American Communications Services, S.A. to American International Holdings Corp., entered into on July 7, 2022, and dated June 30, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/12/2022 

10.38 
 
 Pledge Agreement between Alejandro Rodriguez and Pan-American Communications Services, S.A. and American International Holdings Corp., entered into on July 7, 2022, and dated June 30, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.3 
 
 7/12/2022 

10.38 
 
 Royalty Agreement between EPIQ MD, Inc. and American International Holdings Corp., entered into on July 7, 2022, and dated June 30, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.4 
 
 7/12/2022 

10.39 
 
 Full, Final and Absolute Mutual Release between Alejandro Rodriguez and American International Holdings Corp., entered into on July 7, 2022, and dated June 30, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.5 
 
 7/12/2022 

10.40 
 
 Full, Final and Absolute Mutual Release between Verdie Bowen and American International Holdings Corp., entered into on July 7, 2022, and dated June 30, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.6 
 
 7/12/2022 

10.41 
 
 Master Services Agreement and Statement of Work dated September 1, 2022, and effective August 31, 2022, between Epiq Scripts, LLC and Mangoceuticals, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/8/2022 

10.42# 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between American International Holdings Corp., and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated August 29, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.2 
 
 9/8/2022 

10.43 
 
 62,250 Promissory Note issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. by American International Holdings Corp. dated August 29, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.3 
 
 9/8/2022 

10.44 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant to purchase 3,000,000 shares of common stock, issued by American International Holdings Corp. in favor of Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.4 
 
 9/8/2022 

143 

 Table of Contents 

10.45# 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between American International Holdings Corp., and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated September 13, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/23/2022 

10.46 
 
 62,250 Promissory Note issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. by American International Holdings Corp. dated September 13, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.2 
 
 9/23/2022 

10.47 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated September 13, 2022, to purchase 3,000,000 shares of common stock, issued by American International Holdings Corp. in favor of Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.3 
 
 9/23/2022 

10.48 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC and American International Holdings Corp., dated October 3, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/14/2022 

10.49 
 
 59,400 Convertible Promissory Note between 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC and American International Holdings Corp., dated October 3, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.2 
 
 10/14/2022 

10.50 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated February 15, 2023, by and between American International Holdings Corp., Cycle Energy Corp. and Cohen Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/27/2023 

10.51 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated March 17, 2023, by and between Cosmos Health Inc. and American International Holdings Corp. 

X 
 
 10.52 
 
 Secured Promissory Note dated May 9, 2023, by American International Holdings Corp. in favor of The Loev Law Firm, PC 

X 
 
 10.53 
 
 Guaranty dated May 9, 2023, by Michael McLaren in favor of The Loev Law Firm, PC 

X 

144 

 Table of Contents 

10.54 
 
 Deed of Trust, Security Agreement, Assignment of Leases, Assignment of Rents, and Financing Statement 

X 
 
 10.55 
 
 Financial Advisory Agreement dated March 31, 2023, between American International Holdings Corp. and Greentree Financial Group, Inc. 

X 
 
 10.56 
 
 100,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated March 1, 2023 between American International Holdings Corp. and Greentree Financial Group, Inc. 

X 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethical Business Conduct 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 14.1 
 
 6/26/2021 

16.1 
 
 Letter from M K CPA s, PLLC, dated April 3, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 16.1 
 
 4/3/2023 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

X 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. 

X 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of M K CPAS, PLLC 

X 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

X 
 
 99.1 
 
 Charter of the Audit Committee 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50912 
 
 99.1 
 
 10/21/2021 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Inline
 XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set 

X 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

Indicates
 management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

#
Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or Exhibit
will be furnished supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request; provided, however that American International
Holdings Corp. may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any
schedule or Exhibit so furnished. 

Certain portions of this Exhibit has been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601 because they are both (i) not material to
investors and (ii) the type of information that American International Holdings Corp. customarily and actually treats as private or confidential,
and have been marked with [ ] to indicate where omissions have been made. American International Holdings
Corp. agrees to furnish supplementally an unredacted copy of the Exhibit to the SEC upon its request. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

145 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

American
International Holdings Corp. 

By 
 /s/
 Michael McLaren 

Michael
 McLaren 

Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Director 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

June
 9, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Michael McLaren 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Chairman (Director) 
 
 June
 9, 2023 
 
 Michael
 McLaren 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 James Pendergast 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 June
 9, 2023 
 
 James
 Pendergast 
 
 (Principal
 Financial/Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Peter Casey Jensen 
 
 Director 
 
 June
 9, 2023 
 
 Peter
 Casey Jensen 

/s/
 Jacob D. Cohen 
 
 Director 
 
 June
 9, 2023 
 
 Jacob
 D. Cohen 

/s/
 Gary Giles 
 
 Director 
 
 June
 9, 2023 
 
 Gary
 Giles 

146 

<EX-10.51>
 2
 ex10-51.htm

Exhibit 10.51 

STOCK
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This
Stock Purchase Agreement (this Agreement ), dated as of March 17, 2023, is entered into between by and among Cosmos
Health Inc., a Nevada corporation Buyer and American International Holding Corp., a Nevada Corporation Seller ). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS,
the Seller owns all of the issued and outstanding shares (the Shares of ZipDoctor, Inc., a Texas corporation
and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Seller (the Company ); 

WHEREAS,
the Seller wishes to sell to Buyer, and Buyer wishes to purchase from the Seller, the Shares, subject to the terms and conditions set
forth herein; 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
I 

 DEFINITIONS 

The
following terms have the meanings specified or referred to in this Article I : 

Action 
means any claim, action, cause of action, demand, lawsuit, arbitration, inquiry, audit, notice of violation, proceeding, litigation,
citation, summons, subpoena or investigation of any nature, civil, criminal, administrative, regulatory or otherwise, whether at law
or in equity. 

Affiliate 
of a Person means any other Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is
under common control with, such Person. The term control (including the terms controlled by and under
common control with means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Business
Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks located in New York, New York are authorized
or required by Law to be closed for business. 

Code 
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Contracts 
means all contracts, leases, deeds, mortgages, licenses, instruments, notes, commitments, undertakings, indentures, joint ventures and
all other agreements, commitments and legally binding arrangements, whether written or oral. 

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules delivered by the Company and Sellers and Buyer concurrently with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement. 

Encumbrance 
means any charge, claim, community property interest, pledge, condition, equitable interest, lien (statutory or other), option, security
interest, mortgage, easement, encroachment, right of way, right of first refusal, or restriction of any kind, including any restriction
on use, voting, transfer, receipt of income or exercise of any other attribute of ownership. 

Environmental
Claim means any Action, Governmental Order, lien, fine, penalty, or, as to each, any settlement or judgment arising therefrom,
by or from any Person alleging liability of whatever kind or nature (including liability or responsibility for the costs of enforcement
proceedings, investigations, cleanup, governmental response, removal or remediation, natural resources damages, property damages, personal
injuries, medical monitoring, penalties, contribution, indemnification and injunctive relief) arising out of, based on or resulting from:
(a) the presence, Release of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Materials; or (b) any actual or alleged non-compliance with any Environmental
Law or term or condition of any Environmental Permit. 

Environmental
Law means any applicable Law, and any Governmental Order or binding agreement with any Governmental Authority: (a) relating
to pollution (or the cleanup thereof) or the protection of natural resources, endangered or threatened species, human health or safety,
or the environment (including ambient air, soil, surface water or groundwater, or subsurface strata); or (b) concerning the presence
of, exposure to, or the management, manufacture, use, containment, storage, recycling, reclamation, reuse, treatment, generation, discharge,
transportation, processing, production, disposal or remediation of any Hazardous Materials. 

Environmental
Notice means any written directive, notice of violation or infraction, or notice respecting any Environmental Claim relating
to actual or alleged non-compliance with any Environmental Law or any term or condition of any Environmental Permit. 

Environmental
Permit means any Permit, letter, clearance, consent, waiver, closure, exemption, decision or other action required under or
issued, granted, given, authorized by or made pursuant to Environmental Law. 

GAAP 
means United States generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time. 

Governmental
Authority means any federal, state, local or foreign government or political subdivision thereof, or any agency or instrumentality
of such government or political subdivision, or any self-regulated organization or other non-governmental regulatory authority or quasi-governmental
authority (to the extent that the rules, regulations or orders of such organization or authority have the force of Law), or any arbitrator,
court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction. 

Governmental
Order means any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, stipulation, determination or award entered by or with any Governmental
Authority. 

Hazardous
Materials means: (a) any material, substance, chemical, waste, product, derivative, compound, mixture, solid, liquid,
mineral or gas, in each case, whether naturally occurring or manmade, that is hazardous, acutely hazardous, toxic, or words of
similar import or regulatory effect under Environmental Laws; and (b) any petroleum or petroleum-derived products, radon,
radioactive materials or wastes, asbestos in any form, lead or lead-containing materials, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, and
polychlorinated biphenyls. 

2 

Indebtedness
of the Company shall mean current debt of the Company (other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business,
which trade payables shall include all amounts outstanding under the Company s credit cards as of the Closing Date). 

Knowledge 
means the actual or constructive knowledge of any director or executive officer of Seller or the Company. 

Law 
means any statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, order, constitution, treaty, common law, judgment, decree, other requirement
or rule of law of any Governmental Authority. 

Losses 
means losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, Actions, judgments, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs or expenses of whatever
kind, including reasonable attorneys fees and the cost of enforcing any right to indemnification hereunder and the cost of pursuing
any insurance providers; provided, however, that Losses shall not include punitive damages, except in the
case of fraud or to the extent actually awarded to a Governmental Authority or other third party. 

Material
Adverse Effect means any event, occurrence, fact, condition or change that is, or could reasonably be expected to become,
individually or in the aggregate, materially adverse to (a) the business, results of
operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or assets of the Company, or (b) the ability of Sellers to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis. 

Permits 
means all permits, licenses, franchises, approvals, authorizations, registrations, certificates, variances and similar rights obtained,
or required to be obtained, from Governmental Authorities. 

Person 
means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, Governmental Authority, unincorporated organization,
trust, association or other entity. 

Post-Closing
Tax Period means any taxable period beginning after the Closing Date and, with respect to any taxable period beginning before
and ending after the Closing Date, the portion of such taxable period beginning after the Closing Date. 

Pre-Closing
Tax Period means any taxable period ending on or before the Closing Date and, with respect to any taxable period beginning
before and ending after the Closing Date, the portion of such taxable period ending on and including the Closing Date. 

Pre-Closing
Taxes means Taxes of the Company for any Pre-Closing Tax Period. 

Real
Property means the real property owned, leased or subleased by the Company, together with all buildings, structures and facilities
located thereon. 

Release 
means any actual or threatened release, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching,
dumping, abandonment, disposing or allowing to escape or migrate into or through the environment (including, without limitation, ambient
air (indoor or outdoor), surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata or within any building, structure, facility or
fixture). 

3 

Representative 
means, with respect to any Person, any and all directors, officers, employees, consultants, financial advisors, counsel, accountants
and other agents of such Person. 

Sellers 
Accountants means the accountant of the Company. 

Taxes 
means all federal, state, local, foreign and other income, gross receipts, sales, use, production, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, registration,
profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, unemployment, estimated, excise, severance, environmental,
stamp, occupation, premium, property (real or personal), real property gains, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees,
assessments or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest, additions or penalties with respect thereto and any interest
in respect of such additions or penalties. 

Tax
Return means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund, information return or statement or other document relating
to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof. 

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement and any other documents required pursuant to the Non-Binding Summary of Terms to Purchase ZipDoctor,
Inc. concluded between the Buyer and the Seller on January 20, 2023, superseding the previous version signed by the parties on September
25, 2022, and otherwise as may be reasonably required by the Buyer. 

ARTICLE
II 

 PURCHASE
AND SALE 

Section
2.01 Purchase and Sale. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, at the Closing, Seller shall sell to Buyer, and Buyer
shall purchase from Seller, all the issued and outstanding Shares of the Company, free and clear of all Encumbrances, for the consideration
specified in Section 2.02 . 

Section
2.02 Purchase Price. The purchase price for the Shares purchased by Buyer pursuant to Section 2.01 is 150,000.00 (One
Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars) paid in cash to such bank account of Seller as notified to Buyer in writing prior to Closing (the
 Purchase Price ); 

Section
2.03 Transactions to be Effected at the Closing. 

(a) At the Closing, Buyer shall deliver to Seller: 

(i) the Cash Consideration, or proof of payment of Cash Consideration; 

(ii) the
Transaction Documents and all other agreements, documents, instruments or certificates required to be delivered by Buyer at or prior
to the Closing pursuant to Section 7.03 of this Agreement; 

(b) At the Closing, Seller shall deliver to Buyer: 

(i) An
executed copy of the Stock Power and Assignment of Uncertificated Shares in the form of Exhibit A hereto; 

4 

(ii) the
Transaction Documents and all other agreements, documents, instruments or certificates required to be delivered by Seller and the Company
at or prior to the Closing pursuant to Section 7.02 of this Agreement. 

(iii) The
Seller shall furnish to the Buyer on or before the Closing Date true and complete copies of the unaudited balance sheet of the Company
as of December 31, 2022, and the related statements of operations and cash flows for the year then ended (the Financial Statements ),
setting forth in each case in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding dates and periods of the previous fiscal
year, together with reports of auditors thereon. 

(iv) The
Seller hereby agrees to deliver to Buyer within 3 0 days of the date hereof those due diligence items Due Diligence
Items requested by Buyer or set forth herein. Buyer shall have until the receipt of all Due Diligence Items, completion of
the Financial Statements and thirty (30) days thereafter Due Diligence Period to review and to approve the Due
Diligence Items and any other information or documentation it acquires, including, but not limited to the Financial Statements. If Buyer,
in its sole discretion, does not approve any of the Due Diligence Items or any of the information provided to Buyer pursuant to this
section or any information or documentation it otherwise acquires at any time prior to the expiration of the Due Diligence Period, Buyer,
at its option, may terminate this Agreement by written notice to Seller delivered at any time prior to the expiration of the Due Diligence
Period, whereupon this Agreement shall become null and void and of no further force and effect and the parties hereto shall have no further
obligation to one another. However, in lieu of such immediate termination of this Agreement, Buyer may at its option notify the Seller
in writing of those matters as to which it has reasonable concerns and extend the Due Diligence Period as to those items only for a period
of an additional thirty (30) days in order to give the parties the opportunity to resolve such concerns. Buyer s failure to terminate
this Agreement pursuant to this Section 2.03 shall not affect Buyer s right to require the satisfaction of all conditions
to closing set forth in this Agreement. 

(c) Post-closing
Operation of the Company and the Buyer. Subject to the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, subsequent to
the Closing, Buyer shall have sole discretion with regard to all matters relating to the operation of the Company. 

Section
2.04 Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
(the Closing shall take place no later than two Business Days after the last of the conditions to Closing set forth
in Article VII have been satisfied or waived (other than conditions which, by their nature, are to be satisfied on the Closing
Date), remotely by the electronic exchange of documents, or at such other time or on such other date or at such other place as the parties
may mutually agree upon in writing but in any event no later than April 3, 2023 (the day on which the Closing takes place being
the Closing Date ). 

Section
2.05 Withholding Tax. To the extent required by law, Buyer shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the Purchase Price all Taxes
that Buyer may be required to deduct and withhold under any provision of Tax Law. All such withheld amounts shall be treated as delivered
to the Seller hereunder. 

5 

ARTICLE
III 

 REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER AND THE COMPANY 

Except
as set forth in the correspondingly numbered section of the Disclosure Schedules, Seller represents and warrants to Buyer that the statements
contained in this Article III are true and correct as of the date hereof. 

Section
3.01 Authority of Seller. Seller has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which Seller is a party, to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby. The execution and delivery by Seller of this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which Seller is a party, the
performance by Seller of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation by Seller of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby have been duly authorized by Seller. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Seller, and (assuming due authorization,
execution and delivery by Buyer) this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Seller enforceable against Seller
in accordance with its terms. When each other Transaction Document to which Seller is or will be a party has been duly executed and delivered
by Seller (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by each other party thereto), such Transaction Document will constitute
a legal and binding obligation of Seller enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. Seller has the legal capacity to enter
into this Agreement. 

Section
3.02 Organization, Authority and Qualification of the Company. The Company is a company duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the Laws of Texas. The Company has full corporate power and authority to own, operate or lease the properties and assets
now owned, operated or leased by it and to carry on its business as it has been and is currently conducted. Section 3.02 of the
Disclosure Schedules sets forth each jurisdiction in which the Company is licensed or qualified to do business, and the Company is duly
licensed or qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the properties owned or leased by it or the
operation of its business as currently conducted makes such licensing or qualification necessary. The execution and delivery by the Company
of this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which the Company is a party, the performance by the Company of its obligations
hereunder and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all requisite
corporate action on the part of the Company. When each other Transaction Document to which the Company is or will be a party has been
duly executed and delivered by the Company (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by each other party thereto), such Transaction
Document will constitute a legal and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. 

Section
3.03 No Sanctions . Neither Seller nor Company (i) are or will become a person whose property or interests in property are
blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to Section 1 of Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 Blocking Property and
Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079(2001), (ii) are or
will engage in any dealings or transactions prohibited by Section 2 of such executive order, or (iii) are or will otherwise become a
person on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or subject to the limitations or prohibitions under any
other Office of Foreign Asset Control regulation or executive order. 

6 

Section
3.04 Capitalization. 

(a) The
capitalization of the Company is described on Schedule 3.04 hereto setting forth the authorized and issued and outstanding classes
of capital stock. All of the Shares have been duly authorized, are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The Shares are owned
of record and beneficially by Seller, free and clear of all Encumbrances. Upon consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and at Closing, Buyer shall own all of the Shares, free and clear of all Encumbrances. 

(b) All
of the Shares were issued in compliance with applicable Laws. None of the Shares were issued in violation of any agreement, arrangement
or commitment to which Seller or the Company are a party or are subject to or in violation of any preemptive or similar rights of any
Person. 

(c) There
are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants, convertible securities or other rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments of
any character relating to the capital stock of the Company, or obligating Seller or the Company to issue or sell any shares of capital
stock of, or any other interest in, the Company. The Company does not have outstanding or authorized any stock appreciation, phantom
stock, profit participation or similar rights. There are no voting trusts, stockholder agreements, proxies or other agreements or understandings
in effect with respect to the voting or transfer of any of the Shares. 

Section
3.05 No Subsidiaries. The Company, except as set forth in Schedule 3.04 , does not own, or have any interest in any shares
or have an ownership interest in any other Person. 

Section
3.06 No Conflicts; Consents. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.06 hereof, the execution, delivery and performance by
Seller of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it or the Company is a party, and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, do not and will not: (a) conflict with or result in a violation or breach of, or
default under, any provision of the certificate of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Company; (b)
conflict with or result in a violation or breach of any provision of any Law or Governmental Order applicable to Seller or the
Company; (c) does not require the consent, notice or other action by any Person under, conflict with, result in a violation or
breach of, constitute a default or an event that, with or without notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default under,
result in the acceleration of or create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify or cancel any Contract to which
Seller or the Company is a party or by which Seller or the Company is bound or to which any of their respective properties and
assets are subject (including any Material Contract) or any Permit affecting the properties, assets or business of the Company; or
(d) result in the creation or imposition of any Encumbrance on any properties or assets of the Company. No consent, approval,
Permit, Governmental Order, declaration or filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Authority is required by or with respect to
Seller or the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, except with respect to any Buyer s filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

7 

Section
3.07 Financial Statements. Complete copies of the Company s Unaudited Financial Statements consisting of the balance sheet
of the Company as of December 31 in each of the years 2020, 2021 and 2022 and the related statements of income and retained earnings,
stockholders equity and cash flow for the years then ended (the Unaudited Financial Statements ), and Unaudited
Financial Statements consisting of the balance sheet of the Company as at December 31, 2022 and the related statements of income and
retained earnings, stockholders equity and cash flow for the three-month period then ended (the Interim Financial Statements 
and together with the Unaudited Financial Statements, the Financial Statements have been delivered to Buyer. The
Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the period involved, subject,
in the case of the Interim Financial Statements, to normal and recurring year-end adjustments (the effect of which will not be materially
adverse) and the absence of notes (that, if presented, would not differ materially from those presented in the Unaudited Financial Statements).
The Financial Statements are based on the books and records of the Company, and fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition of the Company as of the respective dates they were prepared and the results of the operations of the Company for the periods
indicated. The balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2022 is referred to herein as the Balance Sheet and
the date thereof as the Balance Sheet Date . The Company maintains a standard system of accounting established and
administered in accordance with GAAP. 

Section
3.08 Undisclosed Liabilities. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.07 , the Company has no liabilities, obligations or commitments
of any nature whatsoever, asserted or unasserted, known or unknown, absolute or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, matured or unmatured
or otherwise Liabilities ), except (a) those which are adequately reflected or reserved against in the Balance Sheet
as of the Balance Sheet Date, and (b) those which have been incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
since the Balance Sheet Date and which are not, individually or in the aggregate, material in amount. 

Section
3.09 Absence of Certain Changes, Events and Conditions. Since the Balance Sheet Date, and other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice or as set forth on Schedule 3.08 , there has not been, with respect to the Company, any: 

(a) event,
occurrence or development that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect; 

(b) amendment
of the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Company; 

(c) split, combination or reclassification of any shares of capital stock of the Company; 

8 

(d) issuance,
sale or other disposition of any of capital stock of the Company, or grant of any options, warrants or other rights to purchase or obtain
(including upon conversion, exchange or exercise) any of the capital stock of the Company; 

(e) declaration
or payment of any dividends or distributions on or in respect of any of the capital stock of the Company or redemption, purchase or acquisition
of the capital stock of the Company; 

(f) material
change in any method of accounting or accounting practice of the Company, except as required by GAAP or as disclosed in the notes to
the Financial Statements; 

(g) material
change in the Company s cash management practices and its policies, practices and procedures with respect to collection of accounts
receivable, establishment of reserves for uncollectible accounts, accrual of accounts receivable, inventory control, prepayment of expenses,
payment of trade accounts payable, accrual of other expenses, deferral of revenue and acceptance of customer deposits; 

(h) entry into any Contract that would constitute a Material Contract; 

(i) incurrence,
assumption or guarantee of any indebtedness for borrowed money except unsecured current obligations and Liabilities incurred in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice; 

(j) transfer,
assignment, sale or other disposition of any of the assets shown or reflected in the Balance Sheet since the Balance Sheet Date or cancellation
of any debts or entitlements; 

(k) transfer,
assignment or grant of any license or sublicense of any material rights under or with respect to any Intellectual Property; 

(l) material
damage, destruction or loss (whether or not covered by insurance) to its property; 

(m) any capital investment in, or any loan to, any other Person; 

(n) acceleration,
termination, material modification to or cancellation of any material Contract (including, but not limited to, any Material Contract)
to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound; 

(o) any material capital expenditures; 

(p) imposition
of any Encumbrance upon any of the properties, capital stock or assets, tangible or intangible of the Company; 

(q) (i)
grant of any bonuses, whether monetary or otherwise, or increase in any wages, salary, severance, pension or other compensation or benefits
in respect of its employees, officers, directors, independent contractors or consultants, other than as provided for in any written agreements
or required by applicable Law, (ii) material change in the terms of employment for any employee or any termination of any employees,
or (iii) action to accelerate the vesting or payment of any compensation or benefit for any employee, officer, director, independent
contractor or consultant; 

9 

(r) the
adoption, modification or termination of any: (i) employment, severance, retention or other agreement with any current or former employee,
officer, director, independent contractor or consultant, (ii) Benefit Plan or (iii) collective bargaining or other agreement with a Union,
in each case whether written or oral; 

(s) any
loan to (or forgiveness of any loan to), or entry into any other transaction with, any of the stockholders, directors, officers and employees
of the Company; 

(t) entry
into a new line of business or abandonment or discontinuance of existing lines of business; 

(u) adoption
of any plan of merger, consolidation, reorganization, liquidation or dissolution or filing of a petition in bankruptcy under any provisions
of federal or state bankruptcy Law or consent to the filing of any bankruptcy petition against the Company under any similar Law; 

(v) purchase,
lease or other acquisition of the right to own, use or lease any property or assets for an amount in excess of 10,000, individually
(in the case of a lease, per annum) or 25,000 in the aggregate (in the case of a lease, for the entire term of the lease, not
including any option term), except for purchases of inventory or supplies in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice; 

(w) acquisition
by merger or consolidation with, or by purchase of a substantial portion of the assets or stock of, or by any other manner, any business
or any Person or any division thereof; 

(x) action
by the Company to make, change or rescind any Tax election, amend any Tax Return or take any position on any Tax Return, take any action,
omit to take any action or enter into any other transaction that would have the effect of increasing the Tax liability or reducing any
Tax asset of Buyer in respect of any Post-Closing Tax Period; or 

(y) any
Contract to do any of the foregoing, or any action or omission that would result in any of the foregoing. 

Section
3.10 Material Contracts. 

(a) Section
3.10(a) of the Disclosure Schedules lists each of the following Contracts of the Company (such Contracts, together with all Contracts
concerning the occupancy, management or operation of any Real Property (including without limitation, brokerage contracts) listed or
otherwise disclosed in Section 3.11(b) of the Disclosure Schedules and all Contracts relating to Intellectual Property set forth
in Section 3.12(d) and Section 3.12(f) of the Disclosure Schedules, being Material Contracts ): 

(i) involving
aggregate consideration in excess of 15,000 and which, in each case, cannot be cancelled by the Company without penalty or without more
than 90 days notice; 

(ii) all
Contracts that require the Company to purchase its total requirements of any product or service from a third party or that contain take
or pay provisions; 

10 

(iii) all
Contracts that provide for the indemnification by the Company of any Person or the assumption of any Tax, environmental or other Liability
of any Person; 

(iv) all
Contracts that relate to the acquisition or disposition of any business, a material amount of stock or assets of any other Person or
any real property (whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or otherwise); 

(v) all
broker, distributor, dealer, manufacturer s representative, franchise, agency, sales promotion, market research, marketing consulting
and advertising Contracts to which the Company is a party; 

(vi) all
employment agreements and Contracts with independent contractors or consultants (or similar arrangements) to which the Company is a party
and which are not cancellable without material penalty or without more than 90 days notice; 

(vii) except
for Contracts relating to trade receivables, all Contracts relating to indebtedness (including, without limitation, guarantees) of the
Company; 

(viii)
all Contracts with any Governmental Authority to which the Company is a party; 

(ix)
all Contracts that limit or purport to limit the ability of the Company to compete in any line of business or with any Person or in
any geographic area or during any period of time; 

(x) any
Contracts to which the Company is a party that provide for any joint venture, partnership or similar arrangement by the Company; 

(xi) all
Contracts between or among the Company on the one hand and Seller or any Affiliate of Seller (other than the Company) on the other hand; 

(xii) all
collective bargaining agreements or Contracts with any Union to which the Company is a party; and 

(xiii)
any other Contract that is material to the Company and not previously disclosed pursuant to this Section 3.10 . 

(b) Each
Material Contract is valid and binding on the Company in accordance with its terms and is in full force and effect. None of the Company
or, to Seller s Knowledge, any other party thereto is in breach of or default under (or is alleged to be in breach of or default
under) in any material respect, or has provided or received any notice of any intention to terminate, any Material Contract. No event
or circumstance has occurred that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an event of default under any Material Contract
or result in a termination thereof or would cause or permit the acceleration or other changes of any right or obligation or the loss
of any benefit thereunder. Complete and correct copies of each Material Contract (including all modifications, amendments and supplements
thereto and waivers thereunder) have been made available to Buyer. 

11 

Section
3.11 Title to Assets. 

(a) The
Company has good and valid (and, in the case of owned Real Property, good and marketable fee simple) title to, or a valid leasehold interest
in, all Real Property and personal property and other assets reflected in the Unaudited Financial Statements or acquired after the Balance
Sheet Date, other than properties and assets sold or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
since the Balance Sheet Date. All such properties and assets (including leasehold interests) are free and clear of Encumbrances except
for the following (collectively referred to as Permitted Encumbrances ): 

(i) those items set forth in Section 3.11(a) of the Disclosure Schedules; 

(ii) liens
for Taxes not yet due and payable or being contested in good faith by appropriate procedures and for which there are adequate accruals
or reserves on the Balance Sheet; 

(iii) mechanics,
carriers , workmen s, repairmen s or other like liens arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice or amounts that are not delinquent and which are not, individually or in the aggregate, material to the business of
the Company; 

(iv) easements,
rights of way, zoning ordinances and other similar encumbrances affecting Real Property which are not, individually or in the aggregate,
material to the business of the Company; or 

(v) other
than with respect to owned Real Property, liens arising under original purchase price conditional sales contracts and equipment leases
with third parties entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice which are not, individually or in the
aggregate, material to the business of the Company. 

(b) Section
3.11(b) of the Disclosure Schedules lists (i) the street address of each parcel of Real Property; (ii) if such property is leased
or subleased by the Company, the landlord under the lease, the rental amount currently being paid, and the expiration of the term of
such lease or sublease for each leased or subleased property; and (iii) the current use of such property. With respect to owned Real
Property, Seller has delivered or made available to Buyer true, complete and correct copies of the deeds and other instruments (as recorded)
by which the Company acquired such Real Property, and copies of all title insurance policies, opinions, abstracts and surveys in the
possession of Seller or the Company and relating to the Real Property. With respect to leased Real Property, Seller has delivered or
made available to Buyer true, complete and correct copies of any leases affecting the Real Property. The Company is not a sublessor or
grantor under any sublease or other instrument granting to any other Person any right to the possession, lease, occupancy or enjoyment
of any leased Real Property. The use and operation of the Real Property in the conduct of the Company s business does not violate
in any material respect any Law, covenant, condition, restriction, easement, license, permit or agreement. No material improvements constituting
a part of the Real Property encroach on real property owned or leased by a Person other than the Company. There are no Actions pending
nor, to the Seller s Knowledge, threatened against or affecting the Real Property or any portion thereof or interest therein in
the nature or in lieu of condemnation or eminent domain proceedings. 

12 

Section
3.12 Intellectual Property. 

(a) Company
Intellectual Property means all of the following intellectual property that is owned by the Company and that in which the
Company holds exclusive or non-exclusive rights or interests granted by license from other Persons, including the Seller Licensed
Intellectual Property ): 

(i) trademarks,
service marks, trade names, brand names, logos, trade dress and other proprietary indicia of goods and services, whether registered or
unregistered, and all registrations and applications for registration of such trademarks, including intent-to-use applications, all issuances,
extensions and renewals of such registrations and applications and the goodwill connected with the use of and symbolized by any of the
foregoing; 

(ii) internet
domain names, whether or not trademarks, registered in any top- level domain by any authorized private registrar or Governmental Authority; 

(iii) original
works of authorship in any medium of expression, whether or not published, all copyrights (whether registered or unregistered), all registrations
and applications for registration of such copyrights, and all issuances, extensions and renewals of such registrations and applications; 

(iv) confidential
information, formulas, designs, devices, technology, know- how, research and development, inventions, methods, processes, compositions
and other trade secrets, whether or not patentable; and 

(v) patented
and patentable designs and inventions, all design, plant and utility patents, letters patent, utility models, pending patent applications
and provisional applications and all issuances, divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues, extensions, reexaminations
and renewals of such patents and applications. 

(b) Section
3.12(b) of the Disclosure Schedules lists all Company Intellectual Property that is either (i) subject to any issuance, registration,
application or other filing by, to or with any Governmental Authority or authorized private registrar in any jurisdiction (collectively,
 Intellectual Property Registrations ), including registered trademarks, domain names and copyrights, issued and reissued
patents and pending applications for any of the foregoing; or (ii) used in or necessary for the Company s current or planned business
or operations. All required filings and fees related to the Intellectual Property Registrations of the Company have been timely filed
with and paid to the relevant Governmental Authorities and authorized registrars, and all Intellectual Property Registrations of the
Company are otherwise in good standing. Seller has provided Buyer with true and complete copies of file histories, documents, certificates,
office actions, correspondence and other materials related to all Intellectual Property Registrations of the Company. 

13 

(c) Except
as set forth in Section 3.12(c) of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company owns, exclusively or jointly with other Persons, all
right, title and interest in and to the Company Intellectual Property, free and clear of Encumbrances. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Company has entered into binding, written agreements with every current and former employee of the
Company, and with every current and former independent contractor, whereby such employees and independent contractors (i) assign to
the Company any ownership interest and right they may have in the Company Intellectual Property; and (ii) acknowledge the
Company s exclusive ownership of all Company Intellectual Property. Seller has provided Buyer with true and complete copies of
all such agreements. The Company is in full compliance with all legal requirements applicable to the Company Intellectual Property
and the Company s ownership and use thereof. 

(d)
 Section 3.12(d) of the Disclosure Schedules lists all licenses, sublicenses and other agreements whereby the Company is granted
rights, interests and authority, whether on an exclusive or non-exclusive basis, with respect to any Licensed Intellectual Property that
is used in or necessary for the Company s current or planned business or operations. Seller has provided Buyer with true and complete
copies of all such agreements. All such agreements are valid, binding and enforceable between the Company and the other parties thereto,
and the Company and such other parties are in full compliance with the terms and conditions of such agreements. 

(e) The
Company Intellectual Property and Licensed Intellectual Property as currently or formerly owned, licensed or used by the Company or proposed
to be used, and the Company s conduct of its business as currently and formerly conducted and proposed to be conducted have not,
do not and will not infringe, violate or misappropriate the Intellectual Property of any Person. Neither Seller nor the Company has received
any communication, and no Action has been instituted, settled or, to Seller s Knowledge, threatened that alleges any such infringement,
violation or misappropriation, and none of the Company Intellectual Property are subject to any outstanding Governmental Order. 

(f) Section
3.12(f) of the Disclosure Schedules lists all licenses, sublicenses and other agreements pursuant to which the Company grants rights
or authority to any Person with respect to any Company Intellectual Property or Licensed Intellectual Property. Seller has provided Buyer
with true and complete copies of all such agreements. All such agreements are valid, binding and enforceable between the Company and
the other parties thereto, and the Company and such other parties are in full compliance with the terms and conditions of such agreements.
No Person has infringed, violated or misappropriated, or is infringing, violating or misappropriating, any Company Intellectual Property. 

Section
3.13 Inventory. As of the date hereof the inventory of the Company shall be described in Schedule 3.13 at the location described
therein and at least three (3) days prior closing, the Sellers shall provide an independently certified updated inventory list to the
Buyer. 

Section
3.14 Accounts Receivable. The accounts receivable reflected on the Interim Balance Sheet and the accounts receivable arising
after the date thereof (a) have arisen from bona fide transactions entered into by the Company involving the sale of goods or the
rendering of services in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; (b) constitute only valid, undisputed claims
of the Company not subject to claims of set-off or other defenses or counterclaims other than normal cash discounts accrued in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; and (c) subject to a reserve for bad debts shown on the Interim Balance
Sheet or, with respect to accounts receivable arising after the Interim Balance Sheet Date, on the accounting records of the
Company, are to the Seller s Knowledge collectible in full. The reserve for bad debts shown on the Interim Balance Sheet or,
with respect to accounts receivable arising after the Balance Sheet Date, on the accounting records of the Company have been
determined in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, subject to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of disclosures
normally made in footnotes. 

14 

Section
3.15 Customers. Section 3.15 of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth (i) each customer who has paid aggregate consideration to the
Company for goods or services rendered in an amount greater than or equal to 50,000 for each of the two most recent fiscal years (collectively,
the Material Customers ); and (ii) the amount of consideration paid by each Material Customer during such periods.
Except as set forth in Section 3.155 of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company have not received any notice, and has no reason
to believe, that any of their Material Customers has ceased, or intends to cease after the Closing, to use their respective goods or
services or to otherwise terminate or materially reduce its relationship with the Company. 

Section
3.16 Insurance. Section 3.166 of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true and complete list of all current policies or binders
of fire, liability, product liability, umbrella liability, real and personal property, workers compensation, vehicular,
directors and officers liability, fiduciary liability and other casualty and property insurance maintained by Seller
and the Company and relating to the assets, business, operations, employees, officers and directors of the Company (collectively,
the Insurance Policies and true and complete copies of such Insurance Policies have been made available to
Buyer. Such Insurance Policies are in full force and effect and shall remain in full force and effect following the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Sellers or the Company have not received any written notice of cancellation of,
premium increase with respect to, or alteration of coverage under, any of such Insurance Policies. All premiums due on such
Insurance Policies have either been paid or, if due and payable prior to Closing, will be paid prior to Closing in accordance with
the payment terms of each Insurance Policy. The Insurance Policies do not provide for any retrospective premium adjustment or other
experience-based liability on the part of the Company. All such Insurance Policies (a) are valid and binding in accordance with
their terms; (b) are provided by carriers who are financially solvent; and (c) have not been subject to any lapse in coverage.
Except as set forth on Section 3.166 of the Disclosure Schedules, there are no claims related to the business of the Company
pending under any such Insurance Policies as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed or in respect of which there
is an outstanding reservation of rights. Seller and the Company are not in default under, or have otherwise failed to comply with,
in any material respect, any provision contained in any such Insurance Policy. The Insurance Policies are of the type and in the
amounts customarily carried by Persons conducting a business similar to the Company and are sufficient for compliance with all
applicable Laws and Contracts to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound. 

15 

Section
3.17 Legal Proceedings; Governmental Orders. 

(a) There
are no Actions pending or, to Seller s Knowledge, threatened (a) against or by the Company affecting any of its properties or
assets; or (b) against or by the Company or Seller or any of their Affiliates that challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin or
otherwise delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No event has occurred or circumstances exist that may give rise to,
or serve as a basis for, any such Action. 

(b)
There are no outstanding Governmental Orders and no unsatisfied judgments, penalties or awards against or affecting the Company or any
of its properties or assets. 

Section
3.18 Compliance With Laws; Permits. 

(a) To
the Seller s Knowledge, subject to any filings required pursuant to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, the Company
has complied, and are now complying, with all Laws applicable to it or its business, properties or assets. 

(b) All
Permits required for the Company to conduct its business have been obtained by the Company and are valid and in full force and effect.
All fees and charges with respect to such Permits as of the date hereof have been paid in full. Section 3.18(b) of the Disclosure
Schedules lists all current Permits issued to the Company, including the names of the Permits and their respective dates of issuance
and expiration. No event has occurred that, with or without notice or lapse of time or both, would reasonably be expected to result in
the revocation, suspension, lapse or limitation of any Permit set forth in Section 3.18(b) of the Disclosure Schedules. 

Section
3.19 Environmental Matters. 

(a) The
Company is currently and has been in compliance with all Environmental Laws and has not, and Seller and the Company have not, received
from any Person any: (i) Environmental Notice or Environmental Claim; or (ii) written request for information pursuant to Environmental
Law, which, in each case, either remains pending or unresolved, or is the source of ongoing obligations or requirements as of the Closing
Date. 

(b) The
Company has obtained and is in material compliance with all Environmental Permits (each of which is disclosed in Section 3.19(b) of
the Disclosure Schedules) necessary for the ownership, lease, operation or use of the business or assets of the Company, and all such
Environmental Permits are in full force and effect and shall be maintained in full force and effect by the Company through the Closing
Date in accordance with Environmental Law, and neither Seller nor the Company is aware of any condition, event or circumstance that might
prevent or impede, after the Closing Date, the ownership, lease, operation or use of the business or assets of the Company as currently
carried out. With respect to any such Environmental Permits, Seller and the Company have undertaken, or will undertake prior to the Closing
Date, all measures necessary to facilitate transferability of the same, and neither the Company nor Seller is aware of any condition,
event or circumstance that might prevent or impede the transferability of the same, nor have they received any Environmental Notice or
written communication regarding any material adverse change in the status or terms and conditions of the same. 

(c) Neither
the Company nor Seller has retained or assumed, by contract or operation of Law, any liabilities or obligations of third parties under
Environmental Law. 

16 

Section
3.20 Employee Benefit Matters. 

(a) Section
3.20(a) of the Disclosure Schedules contains a true and complete list of each pension, benefit, retirement, compensation, profit-sharing,
deferred compensation, incentive, performance award, phantom equity, stock or stock-based, change in control, retention, severance, vacation,
paid time off, fringe-benefit and other similar agreement, plan, policy, program or arrangement (and any amendments thereto), in each
case whether or not reduced to writing and whether funded or unfunded, including each employee benefit plan , which is or
has been maintained, sponsored, contributed to, or required to be contributed to by the Company for the benefit of any current or former
employee, officer, director, retiree, independent contractor or consultant of the Company or any spouse or dependent of such individual,
or under which the Company has or may have any Liability, or with respect to which Buyer or any of its Affiliates would reasonably be
expected to have any Liability, contingent or otherwise (as listed on Section 3.20(a) of the Disclosure Schedules, each, a Benefit
Plan ). 

(b) With
respect to each Benefit Plan, Seller has made available to Buyer accurate, current and complete copies of each of the following: (i)
where the Benefit Plan has been reduced to writing, the plan document together with all amendments; (ii) where the Benefit Plan has not
been reduced to writing, a written summary of all material plan terms; (iii) where applicable, copies of any trust agreements or other
funding arrangements, custodial agreements, insurance policies and contracts, administration agreements and similar agreements, and investment
management or investment advisory agreements, now in effect or required in the future as a result of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or otherwise; and (iv) copies of any summary plan descriptions, summaries of material modifications, employee handbooks
and any other written communications (or a description of any oral communications) relating to any Benefit Plan. 

(c) Each
Benefit Plan has been established, administered and maintained in accordance with its terms and in compliance with all applicable Laws.
All benefits, contributions and premiums relating to each Benefit Plan have been timely paid in accordance with the terms of such Benefit
Plan and all applicable Laws and accounting principles, and all benefits accrued under any unfunded Benefit Plan have been paid, accrued
or otherwise adequately reserved to the extent required by, and in accordance with, GAAP. 

(d) Neither
the Company nor any of its Affiliates has (i) incurred or reasonably expects to incur, either directly or indirectly, any material Liability
relating to employee benefit plans; (ii) failed to timely pay premiums; (iii) withdrawn from any Benefit Plan. 

(e) Except
as required by applicable Law, no provision of any Benefit Plan or collective bargaining agreement could reasonably be expected to result
in any limitation on Buyer or any of its Affiliates from amending or terminating any Benefit Plan. The Company has no commitment or obligation
and has not made any representations to any employee, officer, director, independent contractor or consultant, whether or not legally
binding, to adopt, amend or modify any Benefit Plan or any collective bargaining agreement, in connection with the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise. 

17 

(f) no
Benefit Plan provides post-termination or retiree welfare benefits to any individual for any reason, and neither the Company nor any
of its Affiliates has any Liability to provide post-termination or retiree welfare benefits to any individual or ever represented, promised
or contracted to any individual that such individual would be provided with post-termination or retiree welfare benefits. 

(g) There
is no pending or, to Seller s Knowledge, threatened Action relating to a Benefit Plan (other than routine claims for benefits),
and no Benefit Plan has within the three years prior to the date hereof been the subject of an examination or audit by a Governmental
Authority or the subject of an application or filing under or is a participant in, an amnesty, voluntary compliance, self-correction
or similar program sponsored by any Governmental Authority. 

(h) There
has been no amendment to, announcement by Seller or the Company or any of their Affiliates relating to, or change in employee participation
or coverage under, any Benefit Plan or collective bargaining agreement that would increase the annual expense of maintaining such plan
above the level of the expense incurred for the most recently completed fiscal year with respect to any director, officer, employee,
independent contractor or consultant, as applicable. Neither the Seller nor the Company, nor any of their Affiliates has any commitment
or obligation or has made any representations to any director, officer, employee, independent contractor or consultant, whether or not
legally binding, to adopt, amend or modify any Benefit Plan or any collective bargaining agreement. 

(i) Each
Benefit Plan has been operated in compliance with such section and all applicable regulatory guidance (including notices, rulings and
proposed and final regulations). 

(j) Each
individual who is classified by the Company as an independent contractor has been properly classified for purposes of participation and
benefit accrual under each Benefit Plan. 

(k)
Neither the execution of this Agreement nor any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will (either alone or upon the occurrence
of any additional or subsequent events): (i) entitle any current or former director, officer, employee, independent contractor or consultant
of the Company to severance pay or any other payment; (ii) accelerate the time of payment, funding or vesting, or increase the amount
of compensation due to any such individual; (iii) limit or restrict the rights of the Company to merge, amend or terminate any Benefit
Plan; or (iv) increase the amount payable under or result in any other material obligation pursuant to any Benefit Plan. 

Section
3.21 Employment Matters. 

(a) Section
3.21(a) of the Disclosure Schedules contains a list of all persons who the Company reasonably believe shall be employees,
independent contractors or consultants of the Company as of the Closing Date, and sets forth for each such individual the following:
(i) name; (ii) title or position (including whether full or part time); (iii) hire date; (iv) current annual base compensation rate;
(v) commission, bonus or other incentive-based compensation; and (vi) a description of the fringe benefits provided to each such
individual as of the date hereof. As of the date hereof, all compensation, including wages, commissions and bonuses, payable to
employees, independent contractors or consultants of the Company for services performed on or prior to the date hereof have been
paid in full (or accrued in full on the Balance Sheet) and there are no outstanding agreements, understandings or commitments of the
Company with respect to any compensation, commissions or bonuses. 

18 

(b) The
Company is not, and has never been, a party to, bound by, or negotiating any collective bargaining agreement or other Contract with a
union, works council or labor organization (collectively, Union ), and there is not, and has never been, any Union
representing or purporting to represent any employee of the Company, and, no Union or group of employees is seeking or has sought to
organize employees for the purpose of collective bargaining. There has never been, nor has there been any threat of, any strike, slowdown,
work stoppage, lockout, concerted refusal to work overtime or other similar labor disruption or dispute affecting the Company or any
of its employees. The Company has no duty to bargain with any Union. 

(c) The
Company is and has been in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws pertaining to employment and employment practices,
including all Laws relating to labor relations, equal employment opportunities, fair employment practices, employment discrimination,
harassment, retaliation, reasonable accommodation, disability rights or benefits, immigration, wages, hours, overtime compensation, child
labor, hiring, promotion and termination of employees, working conditions, meal and break periods, privacy, health and safety, workers 
compensation, leaves of absence and unemployment insurance. All individuals characterized and treated by the Company as independent contractors
or consultants are properly treated as independent contractors under all applicable Laws. There are no Actions against the Company pending,
or to the Seller s Knowledge, threatened to be brought or filed, by or with any Governmental Authority or arbitrator in connection
with the employment of any current or former applicant, employee, consultant, volunteer, intern or independent contractor of the Company,
including, without limitation, any claim relating to unfair labor practices, employment discrimination, harassment, retaliation, equal
pay, wage and hours or any other employment related matter arising under applicable Laws. 

Section
3.22 Taxes. 

(a) All
Tax Returns required to be filed on or before the Closing Date by the Company have been, or will be, timely filed. Such Tax Returns are,
or will be, true, complete and correct in all respects. All Taxes due and owing by the Company (whether or not shown on any Tax Return)
have been, or will be, timely paid. 

(b) The
Company has withheld and paid each Tax required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee,
independent contractor, creditor, customer, shareholder or other party, and complied with all information reporting and backup withholding
provisions of applicable Law. 

(c) No
claim has been made by any taxing authority in any jurisdiction where the Company does not file Tax Returns that it is, or may be, subject
to Tax by that jurisdiction. 

19 

(d) No
extensions or waivers of statutes of limitations have been given or requested with respect to any Taxes of the Company. 

(e) The
amount of the Company s Liability for unpaid Taxes for all periods ending on or before December 31, 2022, does not, in the aggregate,
exceed the amount of accruals for Taxes (excluding reserves for deferred Taxes) reflected on the Financial Statements. The amount of
the Company s Liability for unpaid Taxes for all periods following the end of the recent period covered by the Financial Statements
shall not, in the aggregate, exceed the amount of accruals for Taxes (excluding reserves for deferred Taxes) as adjusted for the passage
of time in accordance with the past custom and practice of the Company (and which accruals shall not exceed comparable amounts incurred
in similar periods in prior years). 

(f) Section 3.22(f) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth: 

(i) the
taxable years of the Company as to which the applicable statutes of limitations on the assessment and collection of Taxes have not expired; 

(ii) those
years for which examinations by the taxing authorities have been completed; and 

(iii) those
taxable years for which examinations by taxing authorities are presently being conducted. 

(g) All
deficiencies asserted, or assessments made, against the Company as a result of any examinations by any taxing authority have been fully
paid. 

(h) The
Company is not a party to any Action by any taxing authority. There are no pending or threatened Actions by any taxing authority. 

(i) Seller
has delivered to Buyer copies of all Tax Returns, examination reports, and statements of deficiencies assessed against, or agreed to
by, the Company for all Tax periods ending December 31, 2022. 

(j) There
are no Encumbrances for Taxes (other than for current Taxes not yet due and payable) upon the assets of the Company. 

(k) The
Company is not a party to, or bound by, any Tax indemnity, Tax-sharing or Tax allocation agreement. 

(l) The
Company is not a party to, or bound by, any closing agreement or offer in compromise with any taxing authority. 

(m) No
private letter rulings, technical advice memoranda or similar agreement or rulings have been requested, entered into or issued by any
taxing authority with respect to the Company. 

(n) The
Company has not been a member of an affiliated, combined, consolidated or unitary Tax group for Tax purposes. 

(o) The
Company has not agreed to make, nor are they required to make, any adjustment by reason of a change in accounting method or
otherwise. The Company has not taken any action that is not in accordance with past practice that could defer a Liability for Taxes
of the Company from any Pre-Closing Tax Period to any Post-Closing Tax Period. 

20 

(p) Section
3.22(p) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth all foreign jurisdictions in which the Company is subject to Tax, is engaged in business
or have a permanent establishment. 

(q) None
of the assets of the Company are property that the Company is required to treat as being owned by any other person pursuant to the so-called
 safe harbor lease provisions of former Section 168(f)(8) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as amended. 

Section
3.23 Books and Records. The minute book and stock record book of the Company, all of which have been made available to Buyer, are
complete and correct and have been maintained in accordance with sound business practices. The minute book of the Company contains accurate
and complete records of all meetings, and actions taken by written consent of, the stockholders, the board of directors and any committees
of the board of directors of the Company, and no meeting, or action taken by written consent, of any such stockholders, board of directors
or committee has been held for which minutes have not been prepared and are not contained in such minute book. At the Closing, all of
those books and records will be in the possession of the Company. 

Section
3.24 Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder s or other fee or commission in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of
Seller or the Company. 

Section
3.25 Investment Representations. 

(a) Seller satisfies the requirements of Regulation D of the Securities Act. 

(b) Seller
has substantial experience in evaluating and investing in companies similar to the Buyer so that it is capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of its Stock Consideration in the Buyer and has the capacity to protect their own interests. 

Section
3.26 Full Disclosure. No representation or warranty by Seller in this Agreement and no statement contained in the Disclosure Schedules
to this Agreement or any certificate or other document furnished or to be furnished to Buyer pursuant to this Agreement contains any
untrue statement of a material fact, or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein, in light of
the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Seller shall be entitled
to update the disclosure schedule for any material event or information occurs or Seller obtains knowledge of prior to the Closing Date. 

21 

ARTICLE
IV 

 REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER 

Buyer
represents and warrants to Seller that the statements contained in this Article IV are true and correct as of the date hereof. 

Section
4.01 Organization, Authority and Qualification of Buyer. Buyer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the Laws of the state of Nevada and has full corporate power and authority to own, operate or lease the properties and assets now
owned, operated or leased by it and to carry on its business as it has been and is currently conducted. The execution and delivery by
Buyer of this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which Buyer is a party, the performance by Buyer of its obligations hereunder
and thereunder and the consummation by Buyer of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all requisite
corporate action on the part of Buyer. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Buyer, and (assuming due authorization,
execution and delivery by Buyer) this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Buyer enforceable against Buyer
in accordance with its terms. When each other Transaction Document to which Buyer is or will be a party has been duly executed and delivered
by Buyer (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by each other party thereto), such Transaction Document will constitute
a legal and binding obligation of Buyer enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. 

ARTICLE
V 

 COVENANTS 

Section
5.01 Conduct of Business Prior to the Closing. From the date hereof until the Closing, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement
or consented to in writing by Buyer (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), Seller shall, and shall cause the
Company to, (x) conduct their business in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; and (y) use reasonable best
efforts to maintain and preserve intact their current organization, business and franchise and to preserve the rights, franchises, goodwill
and relationships of their employees, customers, lenders, suppliers, regulators and others having business relationships with them. Without
limiting the foregoing, from the date hereof until the Closing Date, Seller shall: 

(a) cause the Company to preserve and maintain all of its respective Permits; 

(b)
cause the Company to pay its respective debts, Taxes and other obligations when due; 

(c)
cause the Company to maintain the properties and assets owned, operated or used by the Company in the same condition as they were on
the date of this Agreement, subject to reasonable wear and tear; 

22 

(d)
cause the Company to continue in full force and effect without modification all Insurance Policies, except as required by applicable
Law; 

(e)
cause the Company to defend and protect its properties and assets from infringement or usurpation; 

(f)
cause the Company to perform all of their obligations under all Contracts relating to or affecting its properties, assets or business; 

(g)
cause the Company to maintain its books and records in accordance with past practice; 

(h)
cause the Company to comply in all material respects with all applicable Laws; and 

(i)
cause the Company not to take or permit any action that would cause any of the changes, events or conditions described in Section
3.09 to occur. 

Section
5.02 Access to Information. From the date hereof until the Closing, Seller shall, subject to any non-disclosure and confidentiality
requirements, cause the Company to, (a) afford Buyer and its Representatives reasonable and free access to during regular business hours
and the right to inspect all of the Real Property, properties, assets, premises, books and records, Contracts and other documents and
data related to the Company; (b) furnish Buyer and its Representatives with such financial, operating and other data and information
related to the Company as Buyer or any of its Representatives may reasonably request; and (c) instruct the Company to cooperate with
Buyer in its investigation of the Company. Any investigation pursuant to this Section 5.02 shall be conducted in such manner as
not to interfere unreasonably with the conduct of the business of Seller or the Company. No investigation by Buyer or other information
received by Buyer shall operate as a waiver or otherwise affect any representation, warranty or agreement given or made by Seller in
this Agreement. 

Section
5.03 No Solicitation of Other Bids. 

(a)
Seller shall not, and shall not authorize or permit any of its Affiliates (including the Company) or any of its Representatives to, directly
or indirectly, (i) encourage, solicit, initiate, facilitate or continue inquiries regarding an Acquisition Proposal; (ii) enter into
discussions or negotiations with, or provide any information to, any Person concerning a possible Acquisition Proposal; or (iii) enter
into any agreements or other instruments (whether or not binding) regarding an Acquisition Proposal. Seller shall immediately cease and
cause to be terminated, and shall cause its Affiliates (including the Company) and all of their Representatives to immediately cease
and cause to be terminated, all existing discussions or negotiations with any Persons conducted heretofore with respect to, or that could
lead to, an Acquisition Proposal. For purposes hereof, Acquisition Proposal shall mean any inquiry, proposal or
offer from any Person (other than Buyer or any of its Affiliates) concerning (i) a merger, consolidation, liquidation, recapitalization,
share exchange or other business combination transaction involving the Company; (ii) the issuance or acquisition of shares of capital
stock or other equity securities of the Company; or (iii) the sale, lease, exchange or other disposition of any significant portion of
the Company s properties or assets. 

23 

(b)
In addition to the other obligations under this Section 5.03 , Seller shall promptly (and in any event within three Business Days
after receipt thereof by Seller or its Representatives) advise Buyer orally and in writing of any Acquisition Proposal, any request for
information with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, or any inquiry with respect to or which could reasonably be expected to result
in an Acquisition Proposal, the material terms and conditions of such request, Acquisition Proposal or inquiry, and the identity of the
Person making the same. 

(c)
Seller agrees that the rights and remedies for noncompliance with this Section 5.03 shall include having such provision specifically
enforced by any court having equity jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that any such breach or threatened breach shall cause
irreparable injury to Buyer and that money damages would not provide an adequate remedy to Buyer. 

Section
5.04 Notice of Certain Events. 

(a)
From the date hereof until the Closing, Seller shall promptly notify Buyer in writing of: 

(i)
any fact, circumstance, event or action the existence, occurrence or taking of which (A) has had, or could reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (B) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in,
any representation or warranty made by Seller hereunder not being true and correct or (C) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected
to result in, the failure of any of the conditions set forth in Section 7.02 to be satisfied; 

(ii)
any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 

(iii)
any notice or other communication from any Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
and 

(iv)
any Actions commenced or, to Seller s Knowledge, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting Seller or
the Company that, if pending on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to have been disclosed pursuant to Section 3.17
 or that relates to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(b)
Buyer s receipt of information pursuant to this Section 5.04 shall not operate as a waiver or otherwise affect any representation,
warranty or agreement given or made by Seller in this Agreement and shall not be deemed to amend or supplement the Disclosure Schedules. 

24 

Section
5.05 Confidentiality. From and after the Closing, Seller shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, hold, and shall use their reasonable
best efforts to cause their respective Representatives to hold, in confidence any and all information, whether written or oral, concerning
the Company, except to the extent that Seller can show that such information (a) is generally available to and known by the public through
no fault of Seller, any of its Affiliates or its respective Representatives; or (b) is lawfully acquired by Seller, any of its Affiliates
or its respective Representatives from and after the Closing from sources which are not prohibited from disclosing such information by
a legal, contractual or fiduciary obligation. If Seller or any of its Affiliates or its respective Representatives are compelled to disclose
any information by judicial or administrative process or by other requirements of Law, Seller shall promptly notify Buyer in writing
and shall disclose only that portion of such information which Seller is advised by its counsel in writing is legally required to be
disclosed, provided that Seller shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain an appropriate protective order or other reasonable
assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded such information. 

Section
5.06 Governmental Approvals and Consents 

(a)
Each party hereto shall, as promptly as possible, (i) make, or cause or be made, all filings and submissions required under any Law applicable
to such party or any of its Affiliates; and (ii) use reasonable best efforts to obtain, or cause to be obtained, all consents, authorizations,
orders and approvals from all Governmental Authorities that may be or become necessary for its execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the performance of its obligations pursuant to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. Each party shall cooperate fully
with the other parties and their Affiliates in promptly seeking to obtain all such consents, authorizations, orders and approvals. The
parties hereto shall not willfully take any action that will have the effect of delaying, impairing or impeding the receipt of any required
consents, authorizations, orders and approvals. 

(b)
Seller and Buyer shall use reasonable best efforts to give all notices to, and obtain all consents from, all third parties that are described
in Section 3.06 of the Disclosure Schedules, if any. 

(c)
Without limiting the generality of the parties undertakings pursuant to subsections 

(a)
and (b) above, each of the parties hereto shall use all reasonable best efforts to: 

(i)
respond to any inquiries by any Governmental Authority regarding antitrust or other matters with respect to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or any agreement or document contemplated hereby; 

(ii)
avoid the imposition of any order or the taking of any action that would restrain, alter or enjoin the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or any agreement or document contemplated hereby; and 

(iii)
in the event any Governmental Order adversely affecting the ability of the parties to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or any agreement or document contemplated hereby has been issued, to have such Governmental Order vacated or lifted. 

25 

(d)
All analyses, appearances, meetings, discussions, presentations, memoranda, briefs, filings, arguments, and proposals made by or on behalf
of either party before any Governmental Authority or the staff or regulators of any Governmental Authority, in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereunder (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including any interactions between Seller or the Company with Governmental
Authorities in the ordinary course of business, any disclosure which is not permitted by Law or any disclosure containing confidential
information) shall be disclosed to the other party hereunder in advance of any filing, submission or attendance, it being the intent
that the parties will consult and cooperate with one another, and consider in good faith the views of one another, in connection with
any such analyses, appearances, meetings, discussions, presentations, memoranda, briefs, filings, arguments, and proposals. Each party
shall give notice to the other party with respect to any meeting, discussion, appearance or contact with any Governmental Authority or
the staff or regulators of any Governmental Authority, with such notice being sufficient to provide the other party with the opportunity
to attend and participate in such meeting, discussion, appearance or contact. 

(e)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 5.056 shall require, or be construed to require, Buyer or any of its Affiliates
to agree to (i) sell, hold, divest, discontinue or limit, before or after the Closing Date, any assets, businesses or interests of Buyer
or any of its respective Affiliates; (ii) any conditions relating to, or changes or restrictions in, the operations of any such assets,
businesses or interests which, in either case, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or materially and
adversely impact the economic or business benefits to Buyer of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; or (iii) any material
modification or waiver of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

Section
5.07 Books and Records. 

(a)
In order to facilitate the resolution of any claims made against or incurred by Seller prior to the Closing, or for any other reasonable
purpose, for a period of three (3) years after the Closing, Buyer shall retain the books and records (including personnel files) of the
Company relating to periods prior to the Closing in a manner reasonably consistent with the prior practices of the Company. 

(b)
In order to facilitate the resolution of any claims made by or against or incurred by Buyer or the Company after the Closing, or for
any other reasonable purpose, for a period of three (3) years following
the Closing, Seller shall: 

(i)
retain the books and records (including personnel files) of Seller which relate to the Company and its operations for periods prior to
the Closing; and 

(ii)
upon reasonable notice, afford the Representatives of Buyer reasonable access (including the right to make, at Buyer s expense,
photocopies), during normal business hours, to such books and records; 

provided,
however , that any books and records related to Tax matters shall be retained pursuant to the periods set forth in Article VI . 

(c)
Neither Buyer nor Seller shall be obligated to provide the other party with access to any books or records (including personnel files)
pursuant to this Section 5.07 where such access would violate any Law. 

26 

Section
5.08 Closing Conditions From the date hereof until the Closing, each party hereto shall, and Seller shall cause the Company to, use
reasonable best efforts to take such actions as are necessary to expeditiously satisfy the closing conditions set forth in Article
VII hereof. 

Section
5.09 Public Announcements. Unless otherwise required by applicable Law (based upon the reasonable advice of counsel), no party to
this Agreement shall make any public announcements in respect of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or otherwise
communicate with any news media without the prior written consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed), and the parties shall cooperate as to the timing and contents of any such announcement. 

Section
5.10 Further Assurances. Following the Closing, each of the parties hereto shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to,
execute and deliver such additional documents, instruments, conveyances and assurances and take such further actions as may be reasonably
required to carry out the provisions hereof and give effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

ARTICLE
VI 

 TAX
MATTERS 

Section
6.01 Tax Covenants. 

(a)
Without the prior written consent of Buyer, Seller (and, prior to the Closing, the Company and its Affiliates and its respective Representatives)
shall not, to the extent it may affect, or relate to, the Company, make, change or rescind any Tax election, amend any Tax Return or
take any position on any Tax Return, take any action, omit to take any action or enter into any other transaction that would have the
effect of increasing the Tax liability or reducing any Tax asset of Buyer or the Company in respect of any Post-Closing Tax Period. Seller
agrees that Buyer is to have no liability for any Tax resulting from any action of Seller and the Company, their Affiliates or any of
their respective Representatives, and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Buyer (and, after the Closing Date, the Company) against
any such Tax or reduction of any Tax asset. 

(b)
All transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration, value added and other such Taxes and fees (including any penalties and interest)
incurred in connection with this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (including any real property transfer Tax and any other
similar Tax) shall be borne and paid by Seller when due. Seller shall, at its own expense, timely file any Tax Return or other document
with respect to such Taxes or fees (and Buyer shall cooperate with respect thereto as necessary). 

(c)
Buyer shall prepare, or cause to be prepared, all Tax Returns required to be filed by the Company after the Closing Date with respect
to a Pre-Closing Tax Period. Any such Tax Return shall be prepared in a manner consistent with past practice (unless otherwise required
by Law) and without a change of any election or any accounting method. 

27 

Section
6.02 Termination of Existing Tax Sharing Agreements. Any and all existing Tax sharing agreements (whether written or not) binding
upon the Company shall be terminated as of the Closing Date. After such date neither the Company nor Seller nor any of Seller s
Affiliates or their respective Representatives shall have any further rights or liabilities thereunder. 

Section
6.03 Tax Indemnification. Except in connection with Section 2.05 , Seller shall indemnify the Company, Buyer, and each Buyer
Indemnitee and hold them harmless from and against (a) any Loss attributable to any material breach of or inaccuracy in any representation
or warranty made in Article III ; (b) any Loss attributable to any breach or violation of, or failure to fully perform, any covenant,
agreement, undertaking or obligation in Article VI ; (c) all Taxes of the Company or relating to the business of the Company for
all Pre-Closing Tax Periods; (d) all Taxes of any member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group of which the Company
(or any predecessor of the Company) is or was a member on or prior to the Closing Date; and (e) any and all Taxes of any person imposed
on the Company arising under the principles of transferee or successor liability or by contract, relating to an event or transaction
occurring before the Closing Date. 

Section
6.04 Straddle Period. In the case of Taxes that are payable with respect to a taxable period that begins before and ends after the
Closing Date (each such period, a Straddle Period ), the portion of any such Taxes that are treated as Pre-Closing
Taxes for purposes of this Agreement shall be: 

(a)
in the case of Taxes based upon, or related to, income or receipts, deemed equal to the amount which would be payable if the taxable
year ended with the Closing Date; and 

(b)
in the case of other Taxes, deemed to be the amount of such Taxes for the entire period multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which
is the number of days in the period ending on the Closing Date and the denominator of which is the number of days in the entire period. 

Section
6.05 Contests. Buyer agrees to give written notice to Seller of the receipt of any written notice by the Company, Buyer or any of
Buyer s Affiliates which involves the assertion of any claim, or the commencement of any Action, in respect of which an indemnity
may be sought by Buyer pursuant to this Article VI (a Tax Claim ); provided, that failure to comply
with this provision shall not affect Buyer s right to indemnification hereunder. Buyer shall control the contest or resolution
of any Tax Claim; provided, however , that Buyer shall obtain the prior written consent of Seller (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) before entering into any settlement of a claim or ceasing to defend such claim; and, provided further , that
Seller shall be entitled to participate in the defense of such claim and to employ counsel of its choice for such purpose, the fees and
expenses of which separate counsel shall be borne solely by Seller. 

28 

Section
6.06 Cooperation and Exchange of Information. Seller and Buyer shall provide each other with such cooperation and information as
either of them reasonably may request of the other in filing any Tax Return pursuant to this Article VI or in connection with
any audit or other proceeding in respect of Taxes of the Company. Such cooperation and information shall include providing copies of
relevant Tax Returns or portions thereof, together with accompanying schedules, related work papers and documents relating to rulings
or other determinations by tax authorities. The Buyer shall retain all Tax Returns, schedules and work papers, records and other documents
in its possession relating to Tax matters of the Company for any taxable period beginning before the Closing Date until the expiration
of the statute of limitations of the taxable periods to which such Tax Returns and other documents relate, without regard to extensions
except to the extent notified by the other party in writing of such extensions for the respective Tax periods. Prior to transferring,
destroying or discarding any Tax Returns, schedules and work papers, records and other documents in its possession relating to Tax matters
of the Company for any taxable period beginning before the Closing Date, Buyer shall provide the other party with reasonable written
notice and offer the other party the opportunity to take custody of such materials. 

Section
6.07 Tax Treatment of Indemnification Payments. Any indemnification payments pursuant to this Article VI shall be treated
as an adjustment to the Purchase Price by the parties for Tax purposes, unless otherwise required by Law. 

Section
6.08 Survival. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the provisions of Section 3.22 and this Article
VI shall survive for the full period of all applicable statutes of limitations (giving effect to any waiver, mitigation or extension
thereof) plus 60 days. 

Section
6.09 Overlap. To the extent that any obligation or responsibility pursuant to Article VIII may overlap with an obligation
or responsibility pursuant to this Article VI , the provisions of this Article VI shall govern. 

ARTICLE
VII 

 CONDITIONS
TO CLOSING 

Section
7.01 Conditions to Obligations of All Parties. The obligations of each party to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall be subject to the fulfillment, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions: 

(a)
No Governmental Authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any Governmental Order which is in effect and
has the effect of making the transactions contemplated by this Agreement illegal, otherwise restraining or prohibiting consummation of
such transactions or causing any of the transactions contemplated hereunder to be rescinded following completion thereof. 

Section
7.02 Conditions to Obligations of Buyer. The obligations of Buyer to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall
be subject to the fulfillment or Buyer s waiver, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions: 

29 

(a)
The representations and warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and any certificate or other
writing delivered pursuant hereto shall be true and correct in all respects (in the case of any representation or warranty qualified
by materiality or Material Adverse Effect) or in all material respects (in the case of any representation or warranty not qualified by
materiality or Material Adverse Effect) on and as of the date hereof and on and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though
made at and as of such date (except those representations and warranties that address matters only as of a specified date, the accuracy
of which shall be determined as of that specified date in all respects). 

(b)
Seller and the Company shall have duly performed and complied in all material respects with all agreements, covenants and conditions
required by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to be performed or complied with by them prior to or on the Closing
Date, including, but not limited to, delivery of the Financial Statements and satisfaction of all Due Diligence Items. 

(c)
No Action shall have been commenced against Buyer, Seller or the Company which would prevent the Closing. No injunction or restraining
order shall have been issued by any Governmental Authority, and be in effect, which restrains or prohibits any transaction contemplated
hereby. 

(d)
All approvals, consents and waivers that are listed on Section 3.066 of the Disclosure Schedules shall have been received, and
executed counterparts thereof shall have been delivered to Buyer at or prior to the Closing. 

(e)
From the date of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect, nor shall any event or events have occurred
that, individually or in the aggregate, with or without the lapse of time, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. 

(f)
The Transaction Documents (other than this Agreement) shall have been executed and delivered by the parties thereto and true and complete
copies thereof shall have been delivered to Buyer. 

(g)
Indebtedness of the Company shall be no more than 1,000. 

(h)
The Transaction Documents (other than this Agreement) shall have been executed and delivered by the parties thereto and true and complete
copies thereof shall have been delivered to Buyer. 

(i)
Buyer shall have received a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or equivalent officer) of the Company certifying
(i) that attached thereto are true and complete copies of the Company s organizational documents; (ii) that attached thereto are
true and complete and duly certified copies of the relevant company registry extracts for the Company; (iii) that attached thereto are
true and complete copies of all resolutions adopted by the board of directors of the Company authorizing the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, and that all such resolutions are in full
force and effect and are all the resolutions adopted in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby; (iv) the names and signatures
of the officers of the Company authorized to sign this Agreement. 

30 

(j)
Seller shall have delivered resignation letters from all current officers and directors of the Company effective as of the Closing Date. 

(k)
Seller shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered, to Buyer an executed copy of the Stock Power and Assignment of Uncertificated
Shares in the form of Exhibit A hereto. 

(l)
Seller shall have delivered to Buyer such other documents or instruments as Buyer reasonably requests and are reasonably necessary to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(m)
Seller shall have delivered to Buyer evidence (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer) that the Company s and Seller s
legal counsel, investment bankers and other agents and representatives have been paid in full, and that the Company has no liability
(including any indemnification obligations) to any of the Company s or Seller s legal counsel, investment bankers, agents
or representatives. 

Section
7.03 Conditions to Obligations of Seller and the Company. The obligations of Seller and the Company to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the fulfillment of Seller s and the Company s waiver, at or prior to the
Closing, of each of the following conditions: 

(a)
The representations and warranties of Buyer contained in this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and any certificate or other
writing delivered pursuant hereto shall be true and correct in all respects (in the case of any representation or warranty qualified
by materiality or Material Adverse Effect) or in all material respects (in the case of any representation or warranty not qualified by
materiality or Material Adverse Effect) on and as of the date hereof and on and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though
made at and as of such date (except those representations and warranties that address matters only as of a specified date, the accuracy
of which shall be determined as of that specified date in all respects). The representations and warranties of Buyer contained in Section
4.01 shall be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date hereof and on and as of the Closing Date with the same effect
as though made at and as of such date. 

(b)
Buyer shall have duly performed and complied in all material respects with all agreements, covenants and conditions required by this
Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to be performed or complied with by it prior to or on the Closing Date; provided,
that , with respect to agreements, covenants and conditions that are qualified by materiality, Buyer shall have performed such agreements,
covenants and conditions, as so qualified, in all respects. 

(c)
No injunction or restraining order shall have been issued by any Governmental Authority, and be in effect, which restrains or prohibits
any material transaction contemplated hereby. 

(d)
The Transaction Documents (other than this Agreement) shall have been executed and delivered by the parties thereto and true and complete
copies thereof shall have been delivered to Seller. 

31 

(e)
Seller shall have received a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or equivalent officer) of Buyer certifying that
attached thereto are true and complete copies of all resolutions adopted by the board of directors of Buyer authorizing the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, and that all such resolutions are in full force and effect and are all the resolutions adopted in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 

(f)
Buyer shall have delivered to Seller the Purchase Price. 

(g)
Buyer shall have delivered to Seller such other documents or instruments as Sellers reasonably request and are reasonably necessary to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

ARTICLE
VIII 

 INDEMNIFICATION 

Section
8.01 Survival. Subject to the limitations and other provisions of this Agreement, the representations and warranties contained herein
(other than any representations or warranties contained in Section 3.22 which are subject to Article VI shall survive
the Closing and shall remain in full force and effect until the date that is three (3) years from the Closing Date; provided, that
 the representations and warranties in Section 3.01 , Section 3.04 , Section 3.19 , Section 3.24 , shall survive
indefinitely and the representations and warranties in Section 3.20 shall survive for the full period of all applicable statutes
of limitations (giving effect to any waiver, mitigation or extension thereof). All covenants and agreements of the parties contained
herein (other than any covenants or agreements contained in Article VI which are subject to Article VI shall survive the
Closing indefinitely or for the period explicitly specified therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any claims asserted in good faith
with reasonable specificity (to the extent known at such time) and in writing by notice from the non-breaching party to the breaching
party prior to the expiration date of the applicable survival period shall not thereafter be barred by the expiration of the relevant
representation or warranty and such claims shall survive until finally resolved. 

Section
8.02 Indemnification by Seller. Subject to the other terms and conditions of this Article VIII , Seller shall indemnify, jointly
and severally, and defend each of Buyer and the Company (collectively, the Buyer Indemnitees against, and shall
hold each of them harmless from and against, and shall pay and reimburse each of them for, any and all Losses incurred or sustained by,
or imposed upon, the Buyer Indemnitees based upon, arising out of, with respect to or by reason of: 

(a)
any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement or in any certificate or
instrument delivered by or on behalf of Seller or the Company pursuant to this Agreement (other than in respect of Section 3.22 ,
it being understood that the sole remedy for any such inaccuracy in or breach thereof shall be pursuant to Article VI ), as of
the date such representation or warranty was made or as if such representation or warranty was made on and as of the Closing Date (except
for representations and warranties that expressly relate to a specified date, the inaccuracy in or breach of which will be determined
with reference to such specified date); or 

32 

(b)
any breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant, agreement or obligation to be performed by Seller pursuant to this Agreement (other than
any breach or violation of, or failure to fully perform, any covenant, agreement, undertaking or obligation in Article VI , it
being understood that the sole remedy for any such breach, violation or failure shall be pursuant to Article VI ). 

Section
8.03 Indemnification By Buyer. Subject to the other terms and conditions of this Article VIII , Buyer shall indemnify and defend
Seller and its respective Representatives (collectively, the Seller Indemnitees against, and shall hold each of
them harmless from and against, and shall pay and reimburse each of them for, any and all Losses incurred or sustained by, or imposed
upon, the Seller Indemnitees based upon, arising out of, with respect to or by reason of: 

(a)
any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of Buyer contained in this Agreement or in any certificate or
instrument delivered by or on behalf of Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, as of the date such representation or warranty was made or
as if such representation or warranty was made on and as of the Closing Date (except for representations and warranties that expressly
relate to a specified date, the inaccuracy in or breach of which will be determined with reference to such specified date); or 

(b)
any breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant, agreement or obligation to be performed by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement (other than
 Article VI , it being understood that the sole remedy for any such breach thereof shall be pursuant to Article VI ). 

33 

Section
8.04 Indemnification Procedures. The party making a claim under this Article VIII is referred to as the Indemnified
Party , and the party against whom such claims are asserted under this Article VIII is referred to as the Indemnifying
Party . 

(a)
 Third Party Claims. If any Indemnified Party receives notice of the assertion or commencement of any Action made or brought by
any Person who is not a party to this Agreement or an Affiliate of a party to this Agreement or a Representative of the foregoing (a
 Third Party Claim against such Indemnified Party with respect to which the Indemnifying Party is obligated to provide
indemnification under this Agreement, the Indemnified Party shall give the Indemnifying Party reasonably prompt written notice thereof,
but in any event not later than 30 calendar days after receipt of such notice of such Third Party Claim. The failure to give such prompt
written notice shall not, however, relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligations, except and only to the extent that
the Indemnifying Party forfeits rights or defenses by reason of such failure. Such notice by the Indemnified Party shall describe the
Third Party Claim in reasonable detail, shall include copies of all material written evidence thereof and shall indicate the estimated
amount, if reasonably practicable, of the Loss that has been or may be sustained by the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party shall
have the right to participate in, or by giving written notice to the Indemnified Party, to assume the defense of any Third Party Claim
at the Indemnifying Party s expense and by the Indemnifying Party s own counsel, and the Indemnified Party shall cooperate
in good faith in such defense; provided, that if the Indemnifying Party is the Seller, such Indemnifying Party shall not have
the right to defend or direct the defense of any such Third Party Claim that (x) is asserted directly by or on behalf of a Person that
is a supplier or customer of the Company, or (y) seeks an injunction or other equitable relief against the Indemnified Party. In the
event that the Indemnifying Party assumes the defense of any Third Party Claim, subject to Section 8.04(b) , it shall have the
right to take such action as it deems necessary to avoid, dispute, defend, appeal or make counterclaims pertaining to any such Third
Party Claim in the name and on behalf of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the defense
of any Third Party Claim with counsel selected by it subject to the Indemnifying Party s right to control the defense thereof.
The fees and disbursements of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnified Party, provided, that if in the reasonable
opinion of counsel to the Indemnified Party, (A) there are legal defenses available to an Indemnified Party that are different from or
additional to those available to the Indemnifying Party; or (B) there exists a conflict of interest between the Indemnifying Party and
the Indemnified Party that cannot be waived, the Indemnifying Party shall be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to
the Indemnified Party in each jurisdiction for which the Indemnified Party determines counsel is required. If the Indemnifying Party
elects not to compromise or defend such Third Party Claim, fails to promptly notify the Indemnified Party in writing of its election
to defend as provided in this Agreement, or fails to diligently prosecute the defense of such Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party
may, subject to Section 8.04(b) , pay, compromise, defend such Third Party Claim and seek indemnification for any and all Losses
based upon, arising from or relating to such Third Party Claim. Seller and Buyer shall cooperate with each other in all reasonable respects
in connection with the defense of any Third Party Claim, including making available (subject to the provisions of Section 5.05 records relating to such Third Party Claim and furnishing, without expense (other than reimbursement of actual out-of-pocket expenses)
to the defending party, management employees of the non-defending party as may be reasonably necessary for the preparation of the defense
of such Third Party Claim. 

(b)
 Settlement of Third Party Claims. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Indemnifying Party shall not enter
into settlement of any Third Party Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, except as provided in this Section
8.04(b) . If a firm offer is made to settle a Third Party Claim without leading to liability or the creation of a financial or other
obligation on the part of the Indemnified Party and provides, in customary form, for the unconditional release of each Indemnified Party
from all liabilities and obligations in connection with such Third Party Claim and the Indemnifying Party desires to accept and agree
to such offer, the Indemnifying Party shall give written notice to that effect to the Indemnified Party. If the Indemnified Party fails
to consent to such firm offer within ten days after its receipt of such notice, the Indemnified Party may continue to contest or defend
such Third Party Claim and in such event, the maximum liability of the Indemnifying Party as to such Third Party Claim shall not exceed
the amount of such settlement offer. If the Indemnified Party fails to consent to such firm offer and also fails to assume defense of
such Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party may settle the Third Party Claim upon the terms set forth in such firm offer to settle
such Third Party Claim. If the Indemnified Party has assumed the defense pursuant to Section 8.04(a) , it shall not agree to any
settlement without the written consent of the Indemnifying Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

34 

(c)
 Direct Claims. Any Action by an Indemnified Party on account of a Loss which does not result from a Third Party Claim (a Direct
Claim shall be asserted by the Indemnified Party giving the Indemnifying Party reasonably prompt written notice thereof,
but in any event not later than 30 days after the Indemnified Party becomes aware of such Direct Claim. The failure to give such prompt
written notice shall not, however, relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligations, except and only to the extent that
the Indemnifying Party forfeits rights or defenses by reason of such failure. Such notice by the Indemnified Party shall describe the
Direct Claim in reasonable detail, shall include copies of all material written evidence thereof and shall indicate the estimated amount,
if reasonably practicable, of the Loss that has been or may be sustained by the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party shall have
30 days after its receipt of such notice to respond in writing to such Direct Claim. The Indemnified Party shall allow the Indemnifying
Party and its professional advisors to investigate the matter or circumstance alleged to give rise to the Direct Claim, and whether and
to what extent any amount is payable in respect of the Direct Claim and the Indemnified Party shall assist the Indemnifying Party s
investigation by giving such information and assistance (including access to the Company s premises and personnel and the right
to examine and copy any accounts, documents or records) as the Indemnifying Party or any of its professional advisors may reasonably
request. If the Indemnifying Party does not so respond within such 30 day period, the Indemnifying Party shall be deemed to have rejected
such claim, in which case the Indemnified Party shall be free to pursue such remedies as may be available to the Indemnified Party on
the terms and subject to the provisions of this Agreement. 

(d)
Tax Claims. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the control of any claim, assertion, event or proceeding in respect
of Taxes of the Company (including, but not limited to, any such claim in respect of a breach of the representations and warranties in
 Section 3.22 
hereof or any breach or violation of or failure to fully perform any covenant, agreement, undertaking or obligation in Article VI shall be governed exclusively by Article VI hereof. 

Section
8.05 Payments. Once a Loss is agreed to by the Indemnifying Party or finally adjudicated to be payable pursuant to this Article
VIII , the Indemnifying Party shall satisfy its obligations within 15 Business Days of such final, non-appealable adjudication by
wire transfer of immediately available funds. The parties hereto agree that should an Indemnifying Party not make full payment of any
such obligations within such 15 Business Day period, any amount payable shall accrue interest from and including the date of agreement
of the Indemnifying Party or final, non-appealable adjudication to but excluding the date such payment has been made at a rate per annum
equal to the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal. Such interest shall be calculated daily on the basis of a 365 day year
and the actual number of days elapsed, without compounding. 

35 

Section
8.06 Tax Treatment of Indemnification Payments. All indemnification payments made under this Agreement shall be treated by the parties
as an adjustment to the Purchase Price for Tax purposes, unless otherwise required by Law. 

Section
8.07 Effect of Investigation. The representations, warranties and covenants of the Indemnifying Party, and the Indemnified Party s
right to indemnification with respect thereto, shall not be affected or deemed waived by reason of any investigation made by or on behalf
of the Indemnified Party (including by any of its Representatives) or by reason of the fact that the Indemnified Party or any of its
Representatives knew or should have known that any such representation or warranty is, was or might be inaccurate or by reason of the
Indemnified Party s waiver of any condition set forth in Section 7.02 or Section 7.03 , as the case may be. 

Section
8.08 Exclusive Remedies. Subject to this Article VIII and Section 10.11 , the parties acknowledge and agree that their
sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any and all claims (other than claims arising from fraud, criminal activity or willful misconduct
on the part of a party hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) for any breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant, agreement or obligation set forth herein or otherwise relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, shall be
pursuant to the indemnification provisions set forth in Article VI and this Article VIII . In furtherance of the foregoing,
each party hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted under Law, any and all rights, claims and causes of action for any breach of
any representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or obligation set forth herein or otherwise relating to the subject matter of this
Agreement it may have against the other parties hereto and their Affiliates and each of their respective Representatives arising under
or based upon any Law, except pursuant to the indemnification provisions set forth in Article VI and this Article 

VIII.
 Nothing in this Section 8.08 shall limit any Person s right to seek and obtain any equitable relief to which any Person
shall be entitled or to seek any remedy on account of any party s fraudulent, criminal or intentional misconduct. 

ARTICLE
IX 

 TERMINATION 

Section
9.01 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing: 

(a) 
 by the mutual written consent
 of Seller and Buyer; 

(b) 
 by Buyer by written notice
 to Seller if: 

(i)
Buyer is not then in material breach of any provision of this Agreement and there has been a material breach, inaccuracy in or failure
to perform any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by Seller pursuant to this Agreement that would give rise to the
failure of any of the conditions specified in Article VII and such breach, inaccuracy or failure has not been cured by Seller
within ten (10) days of Seller s receipt of written notice of such breach from Buyer; or 

36 

(ii)
any of the conditions set forth in Section 7.01 or Section 7.02 shall not have been, or if it becomes apparent that any
of such conditions will not be, fulfilled by the Closing Date, unless such failure shall be due to the failure of Buyer to perform or
comply with any of the covenants, agreements or conditions hereof to be performed or complied with by it prior to the Closing; 

(iii)
in the event any Due Diligence Item is not approved by the Buyer, or in case that a PCAOB auditor cannot provide an approved opinion. 

(c) 
 by Seller by written notice
 to Buyer if: 

(i)
Seller is not then in material breach of any provision of this Agreement and there has been a breach, inaccuracy in or failure to perform
any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement that would give rise to the failure of any
of the conditions specified in Article VII and such breach, inaccuracy or failure has not been cured by Buyer within ten days
of Buyer s receipt of written notice of such breach from Seller; or 

(ii)
any of the conditions set forth in Section 7.01 or Section 7.03 shall not have been, or if it becomes apparent that any
of such conditions will not be, fulfilled by the Closing Date, unless such failure shall be due to the failure of Seller to perform or
comply with any of the covenants, agreements or conditions hereof to be performed or complied with by them prior to the Closing; or 

(d)
by Buyer or Seller in the event that (i) there shall be any Law that makes consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
illegal or otherwise prohibited or (ii) any Governmental Authority shall have issued a Governmental Order restraining or enjoining the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and such Governmental Order shall have become final and non-appealable. 

Section
9.02 Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination of this Agreement in accordance with this Article, this Agreement shall
forthwith become void and there shall be no liability on the part of any party hereto except: 

(a)
as set forth in this Article IX and Section 5.05 and Article X hereof; and 

(b)
that nothing herein shall relieve any party hereto from liability for any willful breach of any provision hereof. 

ARTICLE
X 

 MISCELLANEOUS 

Section
10.01 Expenses. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all costs and expenses, including, without limitation, fees and disbursements
of counsel, financial advisors and accountants, incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall
be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses, whether or not the Closing shall have occurred. 

37 

Section
10.02 Notices. All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been given (a) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (b) when received by the addressee
if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (c) on the date sent by facsimile or e-mail of a PDF document
(with confirmation of transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next Business Day if sent after
normal business hours of the recipient or (d) on the third day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must be sent to the respective parties at the following addresses (or at such other address
for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 10.02 ): 

If to
 Buyer: 
 Co smos
 Health Inc. 

141 West Jackson
 Blvd. 

Suite 4236 

Chicago, IL 56064 

Attn: Grigorios
 Siokas 

e-mail:
 greg.ceo@cosmoshealthinc.com 

with a copy to: 
 Davidoff Hutcher Citron LLP 

605 Third Avenue,
 34 th Floor 

New York, New
 York 10158 

Facsimile: 212-286-1884 

Email:
 ehl@dhclegal.com 

Attn: Elliot
 Lutzker 

If to Seller: 
 American International Holdings Corp 

4131 North Central
 Expressway, Suite 900 

Dallas, Texas
 75204 

Email:
 jacob@amihcorp.com 

Attn: Jacob
 Cohen, Director 

Section
10.03 Interpretation. For purposes of this Agreement, (a) the words include, includes and including 
shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation (b) the word or is not exclusive; and (c)
the words herein, hereof, hereby, hereto and hereunder refer to
this Agreement as a whole. Unless the context otherwise requires, references herein: (x) to Articles, Sections, Disclosure Schedules
and Exhibits mean the Articles and Sections of, and Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits attached to, this Agreement; (y) to an agreement,
instrument or other document means such agreement, instrument or other document as amended, supplemented and modified from time to time
to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof and (z) to a statute means such statute as amended from time to time and includes any
successor legislation thereto and any regulations promulgated thereunder. This Agreement shall be construed without regard to any presumption
or rule requiring construction or interpretation against the party drafting an instrument or causing any instrument to be drafted. The
Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits referred to herein shall be construed with, and as an integral part of, this Agreement to the same
extent as if they were set forth verbatim herein. 

38 

Section
10.04 Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 

Section
10.05 Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity,
illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such
term or provision in any other jurisdiction. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely
as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated
to the greatest extent possible. 

Section
10.06 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents constitute the sole and entire agreement of the parties
to this Agreement with respect to the subject matter contained herein and therein, and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings
and agreements, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. In the event of any inconsistency between the statements
in the body of this Agreement and those in the other Transaction Documents, the Exhibits and Disclosure Schedules (other than an exception
expressly set forth as such in the Disclosure Schedules), the statements in the body of this Agreement will control. 

Section
10.07 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. No party may assign its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of the other parties, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, however , that prior to the Closing
Date, Buyer may, without the prior written consent of Seller, assign all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to one or
more of its direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries. No assignment shall relieve the assigning party of any of its obligations hereunder. 

Section
10.08 No Third-party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person or entity any legal
or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 

39 

Section
10.09 Amendment and Modification; Waiver. This Agreement may only be amended, modified or supplemented by an agreement in writing
signed by each party hereto. No waiver by any party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in
writing and signed by the party so waiving. No waiver by any party shall operate or be construed as a waiver in respect of any failure,
breach or default not expressly identified by such written waiver, whether of a similar or different character, and whether occurring
before or after that waiver. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this
Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or
privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. 

Section
10.10 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. 

(a)
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without giving effect
to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule. 

(b)
ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY MAY BE INSTITUTED IN THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK IN EACH CASE LOCATED IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK AND COUNTY OF NEW YORK, AND EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION
OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. SERVICE OF PROCESS, SUMMONS, NOTICE OR OTHER DOCUMENT BY MAIL TO SUCH PARTY S
ADDRESS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL BE EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS FOR ANY SUIT, ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT. THE
PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR ANY PROCEEDING IN SUCH COURTS
AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE AND AGREE NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH
COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. 

(c)
EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS IS LIKELY
TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LEGAL ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY
OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER IN THE EVENT
OF A LEGAL ACTION, (B) SUCH PARTY HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (C) SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (D)
SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION
10.10(c). 

Section
10.11 Specific Performance. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed
in accordance with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to
any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. 

Section
10.12 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic
transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement. 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS] 

40 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above individually or by their
respective duly authorized officer (as the case may be). 

Buyer: 

COSMOS
 HEALTH INC. , a Nevada corporation 

By: 

Name:
 
 Grigorios
 Siokas 

Title:
 
 Director
 / CEO 

Seller:
 AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS CORP, 

a
 Nevada Corporation 

By: 

Name:
 
 Jacob
 Cohen 

Title: 
 Director 

41 

EXHIBIT
A 

[SEE
ATTACHED STOCK POWER AND ASSIGNMENT OF 

 UNCERTIFICATED
SHARES] 

42 

STOCK
POWER AND ASSIGNMENT OF 

 UNCERTIFICATED
SHARES 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED , executed this _ 17 _th day of March, 2023, American International Holdings Corp. (the Assignor hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto Cosmos Holdings, Inc., 100 shares of the common stock of ZipDoctor, Inc., a Texas corporation
(the Company along with any and all appurtenant rights thereto (the Shares and Assignor does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint the Secretary or other appropriate officers of the Assignor as its attorney-in-fact
with full power to transfer said Shares on the books and records of the Assignor with full power of substitution in the premises. Such
Shares are not represented by certificates, are held in book entry form and stand in the undersigned s name on the books and records
of the Assignor. 

American
 International Holdings Corp. 

By: 

Its:
 Director 

Printed
 Name: Jacob Cohen 

43 

</EX-10.51>

<EX-10.52>
 3
 ex10-52.htm

Exhibit
10.52 

SECURED
PROMISSORY NOTE 

40,000 
 Effective
 May 09, 2023 

NOW
THEREFORE FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, American International Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Maker ),
hereby promises to pay to the order of The Loev Law Firm, PC, a Texas professional corporation (the Holder ),
Forty Thousand dollars 40,000) (the Principal ), plus Interest thereon, as discussed below, in lawful money
of the United States of America, which shall be legal tender, bearing interest and payable as provided herein. The amounts owed hereunder
by the Maker are secured by the terms of that certain Deed of Trust (defined below), dated on or around the date hereof, by Maker, as
Grantor, to Holder, and the personal guaranty of the Guarantor (defined below), pursuant to the Guaranty (defined below), dated on or
around the date hereof. 

1.
 Effective Date . This Secured Promissory Note (this Note or Promissory Note entered into on May [9], 2023 (the Effective Date ). This Note evidences amounts owed by Maker to Holder as
of the Effective Date, in consideration for past legal services performed on behalf of the Maker and legal fees associated with the final
preparation and drafting for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC of the Maker s
Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (the preliminary version of which was filed with the SEC on April 6, 2023 (the Proxy
Statement )), and the submission to FINRA of a corporate action notification form in connection with the reverse stock
split described in the Proxy Statement. 

2.
 Defined Terms . Certain capitalized terms used below have the meanings given to such terms in Section 16 . 

3.
 Interest . The Principal amount of this Note shall accrue interest based on the Standard Interest Rate, compounded at the end
of each calendar month and on the Maturity Date Standard Interest ). If not paid in full on the Maturity
Date and/or if an Event of Default occurs hereunder, the Principal and Accrued Interest shall accrue interest at the Default Interest
Rate, compounded monthly (at the end of each calendar month), until paid in full Default Interest and together
with Standard Interest, Interest ). All computations of Interest shall be made on the basis of twelve 30-day
months and where applicable, for the actual number of days elapsed. All Accrued Interest shall be paid on the Maturity Date. 

4.
 Maturity Date . The Maturity Date of this Note shall be the earlier of( a) May 28, 2023; and (b)
the date that the Holder has provided Maker written notice of an Acceleration (or if applicable, the date the amount due hereunder is
automatically subject to Acceleration). 

5.
 Prepayments . This Note may be prepaid in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, without premium or penalty (each
a Prepayment ). 

Page 1 of 11 Secured Promissory Note 

6.
 Application of Payments . Unless an Event of Default under this Note has occurred and is continuing, all payments made by Maker
under this Note will be applied: (i) first, to late charges, costs of
collection or enforcement, and similar amounts due, if any, under the Note; (ii) second, to Accrued Interest that is due and payable
under this Note, if any; and (iii) third, the remainder to Principal due and payable under this Note. If an Event of Default under this
Note has occurred and is continuing, all payments made by Maker under this Note will be applied to the sums due under this Note in any
order or combination that Holder may determine, in its sole discretion. Holder s records shall be conclusive evidence, absent manifest
error, of the amount outstanding under this Note at any time. 

7.
 Payments Due on Non-Business Days . If any payment of Principal or Interest on this Note shall become due on a non-Business
Day, such payment shall be made on the preceding Business Day. 

8.
 No Impairment of Obligations of Maker . No provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of Maker to pay the
Principal of and Interest on this Note at the times, places and rates, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

9.
 Maximum Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Note or any other agreement entered into in connection
herewith, whether now existing or hereafter arising and whether written or oral, it is agreed that the aggregate of all Interest and
any other charges constituting interest, or adjudicated as constituting interest, and contracted for, chargeable or receivable under
this Note or otherwise in connection with this loan transaction, shall under no circumstances exceed the Maximum Rate. 

10.
 Representations and Warranties of Maker . The Maker represents and warrants to Holder as of the date of this Note, as follows: 

(a)
The Maker is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its jurisdiction of
organization and has the requisite power and authority, and the legal right, to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and
to conduct its business as it is now being conducted. 

(b)
The Maker has the power and authority, and the legal right, to execute and deliver the Transaction Documents and to perform its obligations
thereunder. 

(c)
No consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by, or in respect of, any Governmental Authority or any other Person
is required in order for the Maker to execute, deliver, or perform any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents, except for
consents previously obtained and any filings with Governmental Authorities which may be made after the date of this Note. 

(d)
The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and the consummation by the Maker of the transactions contemplated thereby do
not and will not (a) violate any provision of the Maker s Governing Documents; (b) violate any law or order applicable to the Maker
or by which any of its properties or assets may be bound; or (c) constitute a default under any Material Agreement by which the Maker
may be bound. 

Page 2 of 11 Secured Promissory Note 

(e)
The execution and delivery by the Maker of the Transaction Documents (i) are within the Maker s power and authority, and (ii) have
been duly authorized by all necessary action. 

(f)
The Transaction Documents are a legally binding obligation of the Maker, enforceable against the Maker in accordance with the terms thereof,
except to the extent that (i) such enforceability is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws relating
to or affecting generally the enforcement of creditors rights, and (ii) the availability of the remedy of specific performance
or injunctive or other equitable relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought. 

(g)
Maker has no Knowledge of any current Event of Default (as defined below) under this Note or any matter which with the passing of time
could become an Event of Default. 

(h)
No litigation, action, investigation, event, or proceeding is pending or, to Maker s Knowledge is threatened, by any Person or
Governmental Authority against the Maker. 

11.
 Affirmative Covenants of Maker . Until all amounts outstanding in this Note have been paid in full, the Maker shall: 

(a)
(i) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its corporate existence and (ii) take all reasonable action to maintain all
rights, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business; except in each case where the failure
to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b)
Comply with (i) all of the terms and provisions of its organizational documents; (ii) its obligations under the Transaction Documents;
and (iii) all laws and orders applicable to it and its business; except in each case where the failure to do so could not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c)
Promptly execute and deliver such further instruments and do or cause to be done such further acts as may be reasonably necessary or
advisable, upon advice of counsel to the Maker, to carry out the intent and purpose of the Transaction Documents. 

Page 3 of 11 Secured Promissory Note 

12.
 Events of Defaults . If an Event of Default (as defined herein) occurs (unless all Events of Default have been cured or waived
by Holder in writing), the Principal and Accrued Interest under this Note shall accrue Interest at the Default Interest Rate, (a) Holder
may, by written notice to the Maker, declare the Principal amount then outstanding of, and the Accrued Interest, if any, and all other
amounts payable on, this Note to be immediately due and payable, if an Event of Default is triggered by any section below other than
any of Sections (g)(ii) through (vi) , and (b) if the Event of Default is triggered by any of Sections (g)(ii) through
 (vi) below, the Principal amount then outstanding of, and the Accrued Interest, if any, and all other amounts payable on, this
Note, shall be immediately due and payable (as applicable (a) or (b), an Acceleration ), and/or the Holder
may take any action provided for below or as applicable, to enforce the Security Interest or Guaranty. The following events and/or any
other Events of Default defined elsewhere in this Note are Events of Default under this Note: 

(a)
the Maker shall fail to pay, when and as due, the Principal or Interest, payable hereunder or under any other promissory note pursuant
to which Maker owes amounts to Holder, and such failure shall not have been cured within seven (7) days following the written notice
thereof from the Holder to the Maker; or 

(b)
the Maker shall have breached in any material respect any term, condition or covenant in the Transaction Documents, and, with respect
to breaches capable of being cured, such breach shall not have been cured within ten (10) Business Days following the written notice
thereof from the Holder to the Maker, as applicable; or 

(c)
any material representation or warranty of the Maker made herein or the other Transaction Documents or in any agreement, statement or
certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall be false or misleading in any material respect
as of the date made; or 

(d)
any money judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against Maker or any subsidiary of Maker or any of its/their
property for more than Ten Thousand Dollars 10,000), which shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of ten (10) calendar
days; or 

(e)
the Maker shall have received a notice of default, which remains uncured for a period of more than ten (10) Business Days, on the payment
of any one or more debts or obligations aggregating in excess of Ten Thousand Dollars 10,000) beyond any applicable grace period; or 

(f)
the occurrence of a Material Adverse Effect which is not cured by the Maker within five (5) Business Days; or 

(g)
the Maker shall: (i) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, file a petition in bankruptcy, petition or apply to any tribunal
for the appointment of a custodian, receiver or a trustee for it or a substantial portion of its assets; (ii) commence any proceeding
under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation or statute of any jurisdiction, whether
now or hereafter in effect; (iii) have filed against it any such petition or application in which an order for relief is entered or which
remains undismissed for a period of sixty (60) days or more; (iv) indicate its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such petition,
application, proceeding or order for relief or the appointment of a custodian, receiver or trustee for it or a substantial portion of
its assets; or (v) suffer any such custodianship, receivership or trusteeship to continue undischarged for a period of sixty (60) days
or more; or 

Page 4 of 11 Secured Promissory Note 

(h)
the winding up, dissolution or liquidation of Maker; or 

(i)
the death of the Guarantor; or 

(j)
the Maker shall take any action authorizing, or in furtherance of, any of the foregoing. 

13.
 Notice of Event of Default . Maker shall provide the Holder prompt written notice of Maker s Knowledge of any Event of
Default hereunder, which notice shall be provided no later than 24 hours after Maker s Knowledge of such Event of Default. 

14.
 Rights Upon the Occurrence of an Event of Default . In case any one or more Events of Default shall occur and be continuing,
Holder may proceed to protect and enforce its rights by an action at law, suit in equity or other appropriate proceeding, whether for
the specific performance of any agreement contained herein or for an injunction against a violation of any of the terms hereof, or in
aid of the exercise of any power granted hereby or thereby or by law or otherwise, including, but not limited to the enforcement of the
security interest described in and evidenced by the Deed of Trust (the Security Interest and/or the guaranty
set forth in the Guaranty. In case of a default in the payment of any Principal of or premium, if any, or Interest on this Note, the
Maker will pay to Holder such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the reasonable cost and expenses of collection, including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees, expenses and disbursements. No course of dealing and no delay on the part of Holder
in exercising any right, power or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof or otherwise prejudice Holder s rights, powers or remedies.
No right, power or remedy conferred by this Note upon Holder shall be exclusive of any other right, power or remedy referred to herein
or in any Transaction Document or now or hereafter available at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise. Holder shall also have such
other rights as described herein and in the Transaction Documents. 

15.
 Maximum Rate . If from any circumstance any holder of this Note shall ever receive Interest or any other charges constituting
interest, or adjudicated as constituting interest, the amount, if any, which would exceed the Maximum Rate shall be applied to the reduction
of the Principal amount owing on this Note, and not to the payment of Interest; or if such excessive interest exceeds the unpaid balance
of Principal hereof, the amount of such excessive interest that exceeds the unpaid balance of Principal hereof shall be refunded to Maker.
In determining whether or not the interest paid or payable exceeds the Maximum Rate, to the extent permitted by applicable law (i) any
non-Principal payment shall be characterized as an expense, fee or premium rather than as Interest; and (ii) all Interest at any time
contracted for, charged, received or preserved in connection herewith shall be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread in equal parts
during the period of the full stated term of this Note. 

Page 5 of 11 Secured Promissory Note 

16.
 Definitions . Unless otherwise required by the context in which a defined term appears, or otherwise set forth, the following
terms shall have the meanings specified in this Section 16 . Terms that are defined in other Sections of this Note shall have the
meanings given to such terms in those Sections. 

(a)
 Accrued Interest means any and all accrued and unpaid Interest on this Note. 

(b)
 Business Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday or any day on which banks are authorized by law to be
closed in the state of Texas. 

(c)
 Deed of Trust means that certain Deed of Trust, Security Agreement, Assignment of Leases, Assignment of Rents,
and Financing Statement, dated on or around the date hereof, by Maker as Grantor, to Holder, as such may be amended from time to time. 

(d)
 Default Interest Rate means the rate of fifteen percent (15 per annum. 

(e)
 Governmental Authority means the government of any nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether at
the national, state, territorial, provincial, municipal or any other level, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body,
court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions
of, or pertaining to, government. 

(f)
 Governing Documents of an entity means the (i) articles or certificate of incorporation or association, certificate
of formation, articles of organization or certificate of limited partnership or similar instrument under which an entity is formed; and
(ii) the other documents or agreements, including bylaws, partnership agreements of partnerships, operating agreements of limited liability
companies, or similar documents, adopted by the entity to govern the formation and internal affairs of the entity. 

(g)
 Guarantor means Michael McLaren, an individual, and the Chief Executive Officer of the Maker. 

(h)
 Guaranty , means that certain Guaranty, dated on or around the date hereof, provided by Guarantor to Holder, as such
may be amended from time to time. 

(i)
 Knowledge means the actual knowledge of the Principal Persons of the referenced party or any knowledge which
should have been obtained by any of the Principal Persons of such party upon reasonable investigation and inquiry. 

Page 6 of 11 Secured Promissory Note 

(j)
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a)
 the business, assets, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent), operations, condition (financial
or otherwise) of the Maker; (b) the validity or enforceability of this Note, the Security Interest or the guaranty set forth in the Guaranty;
(c) the rights or remedies of the Holder hereunder or under any other Transaction Document; or (d) the Maker s ability to perform
any of its material obligations hereunder. 

(k)
 Material Agreement means each agreement, contract or understanding to which the Maker is a party, which has
an aggregate value, relates to aggregate possible payments, aggregate possible liability to the Maker to the counterparty, or an aggregate
value of services to be rendered by the Maker or the counterparty, in each case during the term (including any possible extension terms
called for in such agreement, contract or understanding) in excess of 10,000. 

(l)
 Maximum Rate shall mean the maximum rate of interest allowed by applicable federal or state law. 

(m)
 Person means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company,
limited or general partnership, unincorporated organization, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

(n)
 Principal Persons means any officer, director, owner, key employee or other Person with primary management
or supervisory responsibilities with respect to a party, or any other Person. 

(o)
 Standard Interest Rate means six percent (6 per annum. 

(p)
 Transaction Documents mean this Note, the Deed of Trust and the Guaranty. 

17.
 Waiver of Demand and Presentment . Except as provided herein, Maker and any sureties, guarantors and endorsers of this Note
jointly and severally waive demand, presentment, notice of nonpayment or dishonor, notice of intent to accelerate, notice of acceleration,
diligence in collecting, grace, notice and protest, and consent to all extensions without notice for any period or periods of time and
partial payments, before or after maturity, without prejudice to the Holder. The Holder shall similarly have the right to deal in anyway,
at any time, with one or more of the foregoing parties without notice to any other party, and to grant any such party any extensions
of time for payment of any of said indebtedness, or to grant any other indulgences or forbearance whatsoever, without notice to any other
party and without in any way affecting the personal liability of any party hereunder. If any efforts are made to collect or enforce this
Note or any installment due hereunder, the undersigned agrees to pay all collection costs and fees, including reasonable attorney s
fees. 

18.
 Confirmation of Security Interest . The amount of the Principal and Accrued Interest due hereunder, as well as all other fees
and costs and the amount of principal and accrued interest hereunder is secured by the Security Interest granted pursuant to the Deed
of Trust and guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Guaranty. The entry by the Maker into the Deed of Trust and the
Guarantor into the Guaranty are each an integral term and condition of this Note. 

Page 7 of 11 Secured Promissory Note 

19.
 Counterparts, Effect of Facsimile, Emailed and Photocopied Signatures . This Note and any signed agreement or instrument entered
into in connection with this Note, the Transaction Documents, and any amendments hereto or thereto, may be executed in one or more counterparts,
all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any such counterpart, to the extent delivered by means of a facsimile machine
or by .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpeg or similar attachment to electronic mail (email) or downloaded from a website or data room (any such delivery,
an Electronic Delivery shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart and
shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the
request of any party, each other party shall re execute the original form of this Note and deliver such form to all other parties. No
party shall raise the use of Electronic Delivery to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was
transmitted or communicated through the use of Electronic Delivery as a defense to the formation of a contract, and each such party forever
waives any such defense, except to the extent such defense relates to lack of authenticity. 

20.
 Governing Law; Venue and Waiver of Jury Trial . It is the intention of the parties hereto that the terms and provisions of
this Note are to be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Texas. The parties hereby consent and agree
that, in any actions predicated upon this Note, venue is properly laid in Texas and that the Circuit Court in and for Harris County,
Texas, shall have full subject matter and personal jurisdiction over the parties to determine all issues arising out of or in connection
with the execution and enforcement of this Note. AS A SPECIFICALLY BARGAINED INDUCEMENT FOR EACH OF THE PARTIES TO ENTER INTO THIS NOTE
(EACH PARTY HAVING HAD OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT COUNSEL), EACH PARTY EXPRESSLY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LAWSUIT OR PROCEEDING
RELATING TO OR ARISING IN ANY WAY FROM THIS NOTE. 

21.
 Successors and Assigns . This Note shall be binding upon the Maker, and Maker s heirs, executors, administrators, successors
and permitted assigns and inure to the benefit of the Holder named herein and Holder s respective successors and assigns. Each
holder of this Note, by accepting the same, agrees to and shall be bound by all of the provisions of this Note. Holder may assign this
Note or any of its rights, interests or obligations to this Note without the prior written approval of Maker, but with written notice
to, the Maker. The term Maker as used herein in every instance shall include the Maker s successors,
legal representatives and assigns, including all subsequent grantees, either voluntarily by act of the Maker or involuntarily by operation
of law and shall denote the singular and/or plural and the masculine and/or feminine and natural and/or artificial persons, whenever
and wherever the contexts so requires or properly applies. The term Holder as used herein in every instance
shall include the Holder s successors, legal representatives and assigns, as well as all subsequent assignees and endorsees of
this Note, either voluntarily by act of the parties or involuntarily by operation of law, subject where applicable to applicable law
and restrictions on this Note set forth on the cover page hereof. 

Page 8 of 11 Secured Promissory Note 

Captions
and paragraph headings in this Note are for convenience only and shall not affect its interpretation. 

22.
 Attorneys Fees . Anything else in this Note to the contrary notwithstanding, in any action arising out of this Note,
the prevailing party shall be entitled to collect from the non-prevailing party all of its attorneys fees. For the purposes of
this Note, the party who receives or is awarded a substantial portion of the damages or claims sought in any proceeding shall be deemed
the prevailing party and attorneys fees shall mean the reasonable fees charged by an attorney or a
law firm for legal services and the services of any legal assistants, and costs of litigation, including, but not limited to, fees and
costs at trial and appellate levels. 

23.
 Severability . In the event any one or more of the provisions contained in this Note shall for any reason be held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision hereof,
and this Note shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 

24.
 Amendments and Modifications . This Note may not be changed orally, but only by an agreement in writing, signed by the party
against whom enforcement of any waiver, change, modification or discharge is sought. 

25.
 Entire Agreement . The Transaction Documents constitute the entire agreement of the parties regarding the matters contemplated
herein and therein, or related thereto, and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements, and understandings of the parties in
connection therewith. 

26.
 Construction . Wherever the context hereof shall so require, the singular shall include the plural, the masculine gender shall
include the feminine gender and the neuter and vice versa. The headings, captions and arrangements used in this Note are for convenience
only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Note. 

27.
 Notices . All notices, approvals, consents, requests, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered
(i) by personal delivery, or (ii) by national overnight courier service, or (iii) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,
or (iv) via facsimile transmission, with confirmed receipt, or (v) via email. Notice shall be effective upon receipt except for notice
via fax (as discussed above) or email, which shall be effective only when the recipient, by return or reply email or notice delivered
by other method provided for in this Section 27 , acknowledges having received that email (with an automatic read
receipt or similar notice not constituting an acknowledgement of an email receipt for purposes of this Section 27 ,
but which acknowledgement of acceptance shall include cases where recipient replies to such prior email, including the
body of the prior email in such reply ). Such notices shall be sent to the parties at the addresses on the signature page
below, subject to notice of changes thereof from any party with at least ten (10) Business Days notice to the other party. Rejection
or other refusal to accept or the inability to deliver because of changed address of which no notice was given shall be deemed to be
receipt of the notice as of the date of such rejection, refusal or inability to deliver. 

Page 9 of 11 Secured Promissory Note 

28.
 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver . No failure or delay on the part of Holder hereof in the exercise of any power, right or
privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege
preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are
cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

29.
 Review of Documents; Acknowledgements . The parties each hereby acknowledge, and represent and warrant, that (a) such party
has consulted with legal counsel of his own choice and has reviewed this Note with its legal counsel, (b) such party has reviewed this
Note and fully understands the effects thereof and all terms and provisions contained herein, (c) such party has executed this Note of
his/her own free will and volition, and (d) this Note shall be construed as if jointly drafted by the parties. The recitals contained
in this Note shall be construed to be part of the operative terms and provisions of this Note. 

30.
 Further Assurances . The parties hereto agree to execute and deliver all such further documents, agreements and instruments
and take such other and further action as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes and intent of this Note. 

31.
 Remedies . The remedies provided in this Note and the other Transaction Documents to the Holder shall be cumulative and in
addition to all other remedies available under this Note, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other
injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue actual damages for any failure by the Maker to comply
with the terms of this Note. The Maker acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder could cause irreparable harm to
the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Maker agrees that, in the event of any such breach or
threatened breach, the holder of this Note could seek, in addition to all other available remedies, an injunction restraining any breach,
without the need to post any bond or other security. 

[Remainder
of page left intentionally blank. Signature page follows.] 

Page 10 of 11 Secured Promissory Note 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , Maker and Holder have duly executed this Secured Promissory Note on May 10 , 2023, with an Effective Date
as provided above. 

Maker 

American
 International Holdings Corp. 

By:

Name:
 
 Michael
 McLaren 

Title: 
 CEO 

Address
 for Notice: 

Attn: 
 Michael
 McLaren 

205
 S Bailey Street Electra Texas 76360 

Email: 
 mike@amihcorp.com 

Fax: 
 1-940-217-2371 

Holder 

The
 Loev Law Firm, PC 

By: 

Name: 

Title:

Address
 for Notice: 

The
 Loev Law Firm, PC 

Attn: 
 David M. Loev 

6300
 West Loop South, Suite 280 

Bellaire,
 Texas 77401 

Phone: 
 (713)
 524-4110 

Fax: 
 (713)
 524-4122 

Email: 
 dloev@loevlaw.com 

Page 11 of 11 Secured Promissory Note 

</EX-10.52>

<EX-10.53>
 4
 ex10-53.htm

Exhibit
10.53 

GUARANTY 

This
Guaranty (the Guaranty is made as of May 9, 2023, by Michael McLaren, an individual Guarantor ),
in favor of The Loev Law Firm, PC, a Texas professional corporation Creditor ). 

RECITALS 

A.
Guarantor is the Chief Executive Officer and majority voting shareholder of American International Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation
(the Maker ). 

B.
The Maker has entered into a Secured Promissory Note with the Creditor, dated on or around the date hereof, whereas the Maker has agreed
that it owes 40,000 to the Creditor in consideration for legal services rendered (the Note ). 

C.
Guarantor has agreed to guaranty the amounts due under the Note, as additional security therefore and Guarantor will substantially benefit,
directly or indirectly, from the Note and the terms and conditions thereof, due to his relation to Maker, including, as majority voting
shareholder thereof. 

D.
It is a condition precedent to Creditor agreeing to the terms of the Note, that Guarantor execute and deliver to Creditor a guaranty
in the form hereof. 

AGREEMENTS 

In
consideration of the recitals and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
Guarantor hereby agrees with Creditor as follows: 

1.
 Definitions . In addition to the other terms defined throughout this Guaranty, when used in this Guaranty, capitalized terms
shall have the meanings specified in the Note and as follows: 

1.1.
 Event of Default shall mean the failure of Maker to (a) pay any amounts due under the Note when due; (b)
any violation, breach or failure to comply with any term, condition, covenant and agreement of this Agreement or the other Transaction
Documents by the Maker; and/or (c) the occurrence of any Event of Default under the Note or other Transaction Documents. 

1.2.
 Guaranty shall mean this Guaranty, as the same shall be amended from time to time in accordance with the
terms hereof. 

1.3.
 Law shall mean any federal, state, local or other law, rule, regulation or governmental requirement of any
kind, and the rules, regulations, interpretations and orders promulgated thereunder. 

Guaranty Page 1 of 11 

1.4.
 Obligations shall mean the principal of, and interest on, the Note (as such may be increased from time to
time) and any renewal, extension or refinancing thereof and all of the Maker s obligations under the Note. 

1.5.
 Person shall mean and include an individual, partnership, corporation, trust, unincorporated association
and any unit, department or agency of government. 

1.6.
 Transaction Documents has the meaning given to such term in the Note. 

2. The
 Guaranty . 

2.1.
 The Guaranty . Guarantor, for himself, his successors and assigns, hereby unconditionally and absolutely guarantees to Creditor
the full and complete payment and performance when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of each of the Obligations.
This is a guaranty of payment and performance and not of collection. 

2.2. Waivers
 and Consents . 

2.2.1.
Guarantor acknowledges that the obligations undertaken herein involve the guaranty of obligations of a Person other than Guarantor and,
in full recognition of that fact, Guarantor consents and agrees that Creditor may, at any time and from time to time, without notice
or demand, and without affecting the enforceability or continuing effectiveness hereof: (i)
supplement, modify, amend, extend, renew, accelerate or otherwise change the time for payment or the other terms of the Obligations or
any part thereof, including without limitation any increase or decrease of the principal amount thereof or the rate(s) of interest thereon;
(ii) supplement, modify, amend or waive, or enter into or give any agreement, approval or consent with respect to, the Obligations or
any part thereof, or any of the Transaction Documents or any additional security or guaranties, or any condition, covenant, default,
remedy, right, representation or term thereof or thereunder; (iii) accept new or additional instruments, documents or agreements in exchange
for or relative to any of the Transaction Documents or the Obligations or any part thereof; (iv) accept partial payments on the Obligations;
(v) receive and hold additional security or guaranties for the Obligations or any part thereof; (vi) release, reconvey, terminate, waive,
abandon, fail to perfect, subordinate, exchange, substitute, transfer and/or enforce any security or guaranties, and apply any security
and direct the order or manner of sale thereof as Creditor in its sole and absolute discretion may determine; (vii) release any Person
from any personal liability with respect to the Obligations or any part thereof; (viii) settle, release on terms satisfactory to Creditor
or by operation of applicable Law or otherwise,liquidate or enforce any Obligations and any security or guaranty in any manner, consent
to the transfer of any security and bid and purchase at any sale; and/or (ix) consent to the merger, change or any other restructuring
or termination of the corporate existence of Maker or any other Person, and correspondingly restructure the Obligations, and any such
merger, change, restructuring or termination shall not affect the liability of Guarantor or the continuing effectiveness hereof, or the
enforceability hereof with respect to all or any part of the Obligations. 

Guaranty Page 2 of 11 

2.2.2.
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, Creditor may enforce this Guaranty independently of any other
remedy, guaranty or security Creditor at any time may have or hold in connection with the Obligations, and it shall not be necessary
for Creditor to marshal assets in favor of Maker, any other guarantor of the Obligations or any other Person or to proceed upon or against
and/or exhaust any security or remedy before proceeding to enforce this Guaranty. Guarantor expressly waives any right to require Creditor
to marshal assets in favor of Maker or any other Person or to proceed against Maker or any other guarantor of the Obligations or any
collateral provided by any Person, and agrees that Creditor may proceed against any obligor and/or the collateral in such order as it
shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion. Creditor may file a separate action or actions against Guarantor, whether action
is brought or prosecuted with respect to any security or against any other Person, or whether any other Person is joined in any such
action or actions. Guarantor agrees that Creditor and Maker may deal with each other in connection with the Obligations or otherwise,
or alter any contracts or agreements now or hereafter existing between them, in any manner whatsoever, all without in any way altering
or affecting the security of this Guaranty. 

2.2.3.
The rights of Creditor hereunder shall be reinstated and revived, and the enforceability of this Guaranty shall continue, with respect
to any amount at any time paid on account of the Obligations which thereafter shall be required to be restored or returned by Creditor
upon the bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of any Person, all as though such amount had not been paid. The rights of Creditor
created or granted herein and the enforceability of this Guaranty shall remain effective at all times to guarantee the full amount of
all the Obligations even though the Obligations, including any part thereof or any other security or guaranty therefor, may be or hereafter
may become invalid or otherwise unenforceable as against Maker or any other guarantor of the Obligations and whether or not Maker or
any other guarantor of the Obligations shall have any personal liability with respect thereto. 

Guaranty Page 3 of 11 

2.2.4.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, Guarantor expressly waives any and all defenses now or hereafter arising or asserted by reason
of: (i) any disability or other defense of Maker or any other guarantor for the Obligations with respect to the Obligations (other than
full payment and performance of all of the Obligations); (ii) the unenforceability or invalidity of any security for or guaranty of the
Obligations or the lack of perfection or continuing perfection or failure of priority of any security for the Obligations; (iii) the
cessation for any cause whatsoever of the liability of Maker or any other guarantor of the Obligations (other than by reason of the full
payment and performance of all Obligations); (iv) any failure of Creditor to marshal assets in favor of Maker or any other Person; (v)
any failure of Creditor to give notice of sale or other disposition of collateral to Maker or any other Person or any defect in any notice
that may be given in connection with any sale or disposition of collateral; (vi) any failure of Creditor to comply with applicable Laws
in connection with the sale or other disposition of any collateral or other security for any Obligation, including, without limitation,
any failure of Creditor to conduct a commercially reasonable sale or other disposition of any collateral or other security for any Obligation;
(vii) any act or omission of Creditor or others that directly or indirectly results in or aids the discharge or release of Maker or any
other guarantor of the Obligations, or of any security or guaranty therefor by operation of Law or otherwise; (viii) any Law which provides
that the obligation of a surety or guarantor must neither be larger in amount nor in other respects more burdensome than that of the
principal or which reduces a surety s or guarantor s obligation in proportion to the principal obligation; (ix) any failure
of Creditor to file or enforce a claim in any bankruptcy or other proceeding with respect to any Person; (x) the election by Creditor,
in any bankruptcy proceeding of any Person, of the application or non-application of Section 1111(b)(2) of the United States Bankruptcy
Code; (xi) any extension of credit or the grant of any lien under Section 364 of the United States Bankruptcy Code; (xii) any
use of collateral under Section 363 of the United States Bankruptcy Code; (xiii) any agreement or stipulation with respect to
the provision of adequate protection in any bankruptcy proceeding of any Person; (xiv) the avoidance of any lien or security interest
in favor of Creditor for any reason; (xv) any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment of debt, liquidation
or dissolution proceeding commenced by or against any Person, including without limitation any discharge of, or bar or stay against collecting,
all or any of the Obligations (or any interest thereon) in or as a result of any such proceeding; or (xvi) any action taken by Creditor
that is authorized by this Section or any other provision of any Transaction Document. Until all of the Obligations have been paid in
full, Guarantor expressly waives all presentments, demands for payment or performance, notices of nonpayment or nonperformance, protests,
notices of protest, notices of dishonor and all other notices or demands
of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the Obligations, and all notices of acceptance of this Guaranty or of the existence,
creation or incurrence of new or additional Obligations. 

Guaranty Page 4 of 11 

2.3.
 Condition of Maker . Guarantor represents and warrants to Creditor that he has established adequate means of obtaining from Maker,
on a continuing basis, financial and other information pertaining to the business, operations and condition (financial and otherwise)
of Maker and his assets and properties. Guarantor hereby expressly waives and relinquishes any duty on the part of Creditor (should any
such duty exist) to disclose to Guarantor any matter, fact or thing related to the business, operations or condition (financial or otherwise)
of Maker or its assets or properties, whether now known or hereafter known by Creditor during the life of this Guaranty. With respect
to any of the Obligations, Creditor need not inquire into the powers of Maker or agents acting or purporting to act on its behalf, and
all Obligations made or created in good faith reliance upon the professed exercise of such powers shall be guaranteed hereby. 

2.4.
 Continuing Guaranty . This is a continuing guaranty and shall remain in full force and effect as to all of the Obligations until
all amounts owing by Maker to Creditor on the Obligations shall have been paid in full. 

2.5.
 Subrogation; Subordination . Guarantor expressly waives any claim for reimbursement, contribution, indemnity or subrogation which
Guarantor may have against Maker as a guarantor of the Obligations and any other legal or equitable claim against Maker arising out of
the payment of the Obligations by Guarantor or from the proceeds of any collateral for this Guaranty, until all amounts owing to Creditor
under the Obligations shall have been paid in full and all commitments to lend have been terminated or expired. In furtherance, and not
in limitation, of the foregoing waiver, until all amounts owing to Creditor under the Obligations shall have been paid in full, Guarantor
hereby agrees that no payment by Guarantor pursuant to this Guaranty shall constitute Guarantor a creditor of Maker. Until all amounts
owing to Creditor under the Obligations shall have been paid in full, Guarantor shall not seek any reimbursement from Maker in respect
of payments made by Guarantor in connection with this Guaranty, or in respect of amounts realized by Creditor in connection with any
collateral for the Obligations, and Guarantor expressly waives any right to enforce any remedy that Creditor now has or hereafter may
have against any other Person and waives the benefit of, or any right to participate in, any collateral now or hereafter held by Creditor.
No claim which any Guarantor may have against any other guarantor of any of the Obligations or against Maker, to the extent not waived
pursuant to this Section, shall be enforced nor any payment accepted until the Obligations are paid in full and all such payments are
not subject to any right of recovery. 

Guaranty Page 5 of 11 

2.6.
 Guarantee is Independent and Absolute . The obligations of Guarantor hereunder are independent of the obligations of Maker and
of any other Person who may become liable with respect to the Obligations. Guarantor is jointly and severally liable with Maker and with
any other guarantor for the full and timely payment and performance of all of the Obligations. Guarantor expressly agrees that a separate
action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against Guarantor (or any other guarantor), whether or not any action is brought against
Maker, any other guarantor, or any other person for any Obligations guaranteed hereby and whether or not Maker, any other guarantor,
or any other persons are joined in any action against Guarantor. Guarantor further agrees that Creditor shall have no obligation to proceed
against any security for the Obligations prior to enforcing this Guaranty against Guarantor, and that Creditor may pursue or omit to
pursue any and all rights and remedies Creditor has against any person or with respect to any security in any order or simultaneously
or in any other manner. All rights of Creditor and all obligations of Guarantor hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective
of (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of the Transaction Documents, and (b) any other circumstances which might otherwise constitute
a defense available to, or a discharge of the Maker in respect of, the Obligations, until full payment thereof. 

3.
 Representations and Warranties of Guarantor . Guarantor hereby represents and warrants to Creditor as follows: 

3.1.
 Authorization . The making, execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty, and compliance with its terms, have, to the extent
necessary, been duly authorized by all necessary action of Guarantor. 

3.2.
 Enforceability . This Guaranty is the legal, valid and binding obligation of Guarantor, enforceable against Guarantor in accordance
with its terms. 

3.3.
 Absence of Conflicting Obligations . The making, execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty, and compliance with its
terms, do not violate any existing provision of Law and any agreement or instrument to which Guarantor is a party or by which it or any
of its assets is bound. 

3.4.
 Consideration for Guaranty . Guarantor acknowledges and agrees with Creditor that but for the execution and delivery of this Guaranty
by Guarantor, Creditor would not have entered into the Note. Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that the Note will result in significant
benefit to Guarantor. 

4. Covenants
 of the Guarantor . 

4.1.
 Actions by Guarantor . Guarantor shall not take or permit any act, or omit to take any act that would: (a) cause Maker to breach
any of the Obligations; (b) impair the ability of Maker to perform any of the Obligations; or (c) cause an Event of Default under the
Note. 

Guaranty Page 6 of 11 

4.2.
 Reporting Requirements . Guarantor shall furnish, or cause to be furnished, to Creditor such information respecting the business,
assets and financial condition of Guarantor as Creditor may reasonably request. 

5. Miscellaneous . 

5.1.
 Expenses and Attorneys Fees . Guarantor shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incurred by Creditor, including the reasonable
fees of counsel, in connection with the protection or enforcement of its rights under this Guaranty, including without limitation the
protection and enforcement of such rights in any bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency proceeding involving Maker or Guarantor, both
before and after judgment. 

5.2.
 Revocation . This is a continuing guaranty and shall remain in full force and effect until Creditor receives written notice of
revocation signed by Guarantor. Upon revocation by written notice, this Guaranty shall continue in full force and effect as to all Obligations
contracted for or incurred before revocation, and as to them Creditor shall have the rights provided by this Guaranty as if no revocation
had occurred. Any renewal, extension, or increase in the interest rate(s) of any such Obligation, whether made before or after revocation,
shall constitute an Obligation contracted for or incurred before revocation. Obligations contracted for or incurred before revocation
shall also include credit extended after revocation pursuant to commitments made before revocation. 

5.3.
 Assignability; Successors . Guarantor s rights and liabilities under this Guaranty are not assignable or delegable, in whole
or in part, without the prior written consent of Creditor. The provisions of this Guaranty shall be binding upon Guarantor, its successors
and permitted assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Creditor, its successors and assigns. 

5.4.
 Survival . All agreements, representations and warranties made herein or in any document delivered pursuant to this Guaranty shall
survive the execution and delivery of this Guaranty and the delivery of any such document. 

5.5.
 Governing Law . This Guaranty and the documents issued pursuant to this Guaranty shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted
in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Texas applicable to contracts made and wholly performed within such state. 

Guaranty Page 7 of 11 

5.6.
 Counterparts . This Guaranty and any signed agreement or instrument entered into in connection with this Guaranty, and any amendments
hereto or thereto, may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any such counterpart,
to the extent delivered by means of a facsimile machine or by .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpeg or similar attachment to electronic mail (email)
or downloaded from a website or data room mail (any such delivery, an Electronic Delivery shall be treated
in all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it
were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of any party, each other party shall re execute the original
form of this Guaranty and deliver such form to all other parties. No party shall raise the use of Electronic Delivery to deliver a signature
or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of Electronic Delivery as a
defense to the formation of a contract, and each such party forever waives any such defense, except to the extent such defense relates
to lack of authenticity. 

5.7.
 Notices . All notices, approvals, consents, requests, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered
(i) by personal delivery, or (ii) by national overnight courier service, or (iii) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,
or (iv) via facsimile transmission, with confirmed receipt, or (v) via email. Notice shall be effective upon receipt except for notice
via fax (as discussed above) or email, which shall be effective only when the recipient, by return or reply email or notice delivered
by other method provided for in this Section 5.7 , acknowledges having received that email (with an automatic read receipt 
or similar notice not constituting an acknowledgement of an email receipt for purposes of this Section 5.7 , but which acknowledgement
of acceptance shall include cases where recipient replies to such prior email, including the body of the prior email in
such reply ). Such notices shall be sent to the applicable party or parties at the address specified on the signature page
hereof, subject to notice of changes thereof from any party with at least ten (10) business days notice to the other parties.
Rejection or other refusal to accept or the inability to deliver because of changed address of which no notice was given shall be deemed
to be receipt of the notice as of the date of such rejection, refusal or inability to deliver. 

5.8.
 Amendment . No amendment of this Guaranty shall be effective unless in writing and signed by Guarantor and Creditor. 

5.9.
 Authority to Enter Into Guaranty . Each of the parties to this Guaranty hereby represents and warrants that it is duly authorized
and empowered to execute, deliver and perform this Guaranty and that such action does not conflict with or violate any provision of Law,
regulation, policy, contract, deed of trust or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound and that this Guaranty
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of it enforceable in accordance with its terms. Assuming the due authorization, execution
and delivery of this Guaranty by the parties hereto and thereto, this Guaranty constitutes, the legal, valid and binding obligation of
the parties enforceable against each party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general equitable principles. 

Guaranty Page 8 of 11 

5.10.
 Severability . Any provision of this Guaranty which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Guaranty in
such jurisdiction or affecting the validity or enforceability of any provision in any other jurisdiction. 

5.11.
 Taxes . If any transfer or documentary taxes, assessments or charges levied by any governmental authority shall be payable by reason
of the execution, delivery or recording of this Guaranty, Guarantor shall pay all such taxes, assessments and charges, including interest
and penalties, and hereby indemnifies Creditor against any liability therefor. 

5.12.
 Rules of Construction . Interpretation of this Guaranty shall be governed by the following rules of construction: (a) words in
the singular shall be held to include the plural and vice versa, and words of one gender shall be held to include the other gender as
the context requires; (b) references to the terms Article, Section, paragraph and Exhibit are references to the Articles, Sections, paragraphs
and Exhibits to this Guaranty unless otherwise specified; (c) the terms hereof , herein ,
 hereby , hereto , and derivative or similar words refer to this entire Guaranty,
including the Exhibits hereto; (d) references to shall mean U.S. dollars; (e) the word including 
and words of similar import when used in this Guaranty shall mean including without limitation, unless otherwise
specified; (f) references to written or in writing include in electronic form;
(g) the headings contained in this Guaranty are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Guaranty; (h) the parties hereto have each participated in the negotiation and drafting of this Guaranty and if an ambiguity
or question of interpretation should arise, this Guaranty shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption
or burden of proof shall arise favoring or burdening any party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions in any of this Guaranty;
(i) a reference to any Person includes such Person s successors and permitted assigns; (j) any reference to days 
means calendar days unless business days are expressly specified; and (k) when calculating the period of time before which, within which
or following which any act is to be done or step taken pursuant to this Guaranty, the date that is the reference date in calculating
such period shall be excluded and, if the last day of such period is not a business day, the period shall end on the next succeeding
business day. 

5.13.
 WAIVER OF RIGHT TO JURY TRIAL . GUARANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS GUARANTY WOULD
BE BASED UPON DIFFICULT AND COMPLEX ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, GUARANTOR AGREES THAT ANY LAWSUIT ARISING OUT OF ANY SUCH CONTROVERSY SHALL
BE TRIED IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION BY A JUDGE SITTING WITHOUT A JURY. 

Guaranty Page 9 of 11 

5.14.
 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; SERVICE OF PROCESS . AS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO LENDER TO ENTER INTO THIS TRANSACTION: 

THE
GUARANTOR AGREES THAT ALL ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS IN ANY MANNER RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF THIS GUARANTY OR THE OTHER DOCUMENTS EXECUTED
IN CONNECTION HEREWITH MAY BE BROUGHT ONLY IN COURTS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS LOCATED IN HARRIS COUNTY AND THE GUARANTOR CONSENTS TO THE
JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS. THE GUARANTOR WAIVES ANY OBJECTION IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH COURT AND ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS IN AN INCONVENIENT COURT; AND 

Guarantor
consents to the service of process in any such action or proceeding by certified mail sent to the address specified in Section 5.7 . 

Nothing
contained herein shall affect the right of Creditor to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or to commence an action or
proceeding in any other jurisdiction. 

[Remainder
of page left intentionally blank. Signature page follows.] 

Guaranty Page 10 of 11 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Guaranty as of the day and year first above written. 

Guarantor 

Michael
 McLaren 

Address for Notice: 

205
 S Bailey Street Electra Texas 76360 

Emai:
 mikem@cyclenrgy.com 

Acceptance
 By Creditor: 

The
 Loev Law Firm, PC 

David
 M. Loev 

Managing
 Partner 

Address for Notice: 

The
 Loev Law Firm, PC 

Attn: 
 David M. Loev 

6300
 West Loop South, Suite 280 

Bellaire,
 Texas 77401 

Phone: 
 (713) 524-4110 

Fax: 
 (713) 524-4122 

Email: 
 dloev@loevlaw.com 

Guaranty Page 11 of 11 

</EX-10.53>

<EX-10.54>
 5
 ex10-54.htm

Exhibit
10.54 

After
Recording Return To: 

Timothy
J. Henderson, Esq. 

 6300
West Loop South, Suite 280 

 Bellaire,
Texas 77401 

DEED
OF TRUST, SECURITY AGREEMENT, ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES, 

 ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS, AND FINANCING STATEMENT 

THIS
DEED OF TRUST, SECURITY AGREEMENT, ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES, ASSIGNMENT 

 OF
RENTS, AND FINANCING STATEMENT (as amended, modified or restated from time to time, this Deed of Trust is made
on the date stated below by Grantor in favor of Trustee, for the benefit of Beneficiary, who are identified and whose addresses are stated
below. By signing this Deed of Trust, Grantor agrees to the terms and conditions and makes the covenants stated in this Deed of Trust. 

EFFECTIVE DATE 
 MAY 10, 2023 

GRANTOR 
 CYCLE ENERGY SERVICES, INC. 

205S
Bailey Street 

 Electra, Texas 76360 

BENEFICIARY 
 THE LOEV LAW FIRM, PC 

6300
West Loop South, Suite 280 

 Bellaire (Harris County), Texas 77401 

 Attn: David M. Loev 

TRUSTEE 
 TIMOTHY J. HENDERSON, ESQ. 

6300
West Loop South, Suite 280 

 Bellaire,
Texas 77401 

NOTE 
 That certain SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE dated as of even
date herewith, in the original principal amount of FORTY THOUSAND DOLLARS AND NO CENTS 40,000) , executed by American International
Holdings Corp., the 100 owner of Grantor, and payable to Beneficiary in accordance with the terms and conditions stated therein (as
the same may be amended, modified or restated from time to time, the Note ). 

LAND The 
 land described in Exhibit A attached hereto and made
a part hereof for all purposes. 

ARTICLE
I 

 SECURITY 

1.01 CONVEYANCE
IN TRUST . For value received, the receipt and sufficiency of which Grantor acknowledges, and to secure the payment of the Indebtedness
described in Section 2.01 and performance of the covenants and agreements of Grantor stated in this Deed of Trust and in the Loan
Documents, Grantor conveys the Property described in Section 1.02 , including without limitation, the Land, to the Trustee in trust,
with power of sale, TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the Property, together with the rights, privileges, and appurtenances thereto belonging
unto the Trustee and the Trustee s substitutes or successors forever. Grantor binds itself and its heirs, executors, administrators,
personal representatives, successors, and assigns to WARRANT AND FOREVER DEFEND the Property unto the Trustee, and the Trustee s
substitutes or successors and assigns, against the claim or claims of all persons claiming or to claim the same or any part thereof. 

Deed of Trust Page 1 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

1.02 PROPERTY .
The Property covered by this Deed of Trust includes the Land and the following items described in this Section 1.02 , whether now
owned or hereafter acquired by Grantor, all of which, including replacements and additions thereto, shall be deemed to be and remain
a part of the Property covered by this Deed of Trust, and all rights, hereditaments and appurtenances pertaining thereto, all of which
are referred to as the Property : 

(a) Any
and all buildings, improvements (including, but not limited to, roads, curbs, gutters, public utilities, and drainage systems), and tenements
now or hereafter attached to or placed, erected, constructed, or developed on the Land (the Improvements ); 

(b) All
equipment, fixtures, furnishings, inventory, and articles of personal property (the Personalty now or hereafter
attached to or used in or about the Improvements or that are necessary or useful for the complete and comfortable use and occupancy of
the Improvements for the purposes for which they were or are to be attached, placed, erected, constructed or developed, or which Personalty
is or may be used in or related to the planning, development, financing or operation of the Improvements, and all renewals of or replacements
or substitutions for any of the foregoing, whether or not the same are or shall be attached to the Land or Improvements; 

(c) All water and water rights, timber, crops, and mineral interest pertaining to the Land; 

(d) All building materials and equipment now or hereafter delivered to and intended to be installed in or on the Land or the Improvements; 

(e) All
plans and specifications for the Improvements and for any future development of or construction on the Land and all contracts and subcontracts
relating to the construction of the Improvements on the Land; 

(f) All
rights (but not Grantor s obligations) under any contracts relating to the Land, the Improvements or the Personalty; 

(g) All deposits (including tenant security deposits), bank accounts, funds, deeds of trust, notes or chattel paper arising from or by virtue of any transactions related to the Land, the Improvements or the Personalty; 

(h) All rights (but not Grantor s obligations) under any documents, contract rights, accounts, commitments, construction contracts (and all payment and performance bonds, statutory or otherwise, issued by any surety in connection with any such construction contracts, and the proceeds of such bonds), architectural contracts, engineering contracts, and general intangibles (including without limitation trademarks, trade names, and symbols) arising from or by virtue of any transactions related to the Land, the Improvements, or the Personalty; 

(i) All permits, licenses, franchises, certificates, and other rights and privileges now owned or held or hereafter obtained in connection with the Land, the Improvements, or the Personalty; 

(j) All
development rights, utility commitments, water and wastewater taps, living unit equivalents, capital improvement project contracts, utility
construction agreements with any governmental authority, including municipal utility districts, or with any utility companies (and all
refunds and reimbursements thereunder) relating to the Land or the Improvements; 

(k) All proceeds arising from or by virtue of the sale, lease or other disposition of the Land, the Improvements, or the Personalty; 

(l) All proceeds (including premium refunds) of each policy of insurance relating to the Land, the Improvements, or the Personalty; 

(m) All proceeds from the taking of any of the Land, the Improvements, the Personalty or any rights appurtenant thereto by right of eminent domain or by private or other purchase in lieu thereof, including change of grade of streets, curb cuts or other rights of access, for any public or quasi-public use under any law; 

Deed of Trust Page 2 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

(n) All
right, title, and interest in and to all streets, roads, public places, easements, and rights-of-way, existing or proposed, public or
private, adjacent to or used in connection with, belonging or pertaining to the Land; 

(o) All of the Lease, rents, royalties, bonuses, issues, profits, revenues, or other benefits of the Land, the Improvements, or the Personalty, including without limitation cash or securities deposited pursuant to Lease to secure performance by the tenants of their obligations thereunder; 

(p) All
consumer goods located in, on, or about the Land or the Improvements or used in connection with the use or operation thereof; however,
neither the term consumer goods nor the term Personalty includes clothing, furniture, appliances,
linens, china, crockery, kitchenware, or personal effects used primarily for personal, family, or household purposes; 

(q) All
other interest of every kind and character that Grantor now has or at any time hereafter acquires in and to the Land, Improvements, and
Personalty and all property that is used or useful in connection therewith, including rights of ingress and egress and all reversionary
rights or interests of Grantor with respect to such property and all of Grantor s rights (but not Grantor s obligations)
under any covenants, conditions, and restrictions for the Land, as the same may be amended from time to time, including Grantor s
rights, title, and interests thereunder as declarant or developer, if applicable; and 

(r) All
products and proceeds of the Personalty described in this Section 1.02 (the Personalty and other personal property described in
this Section 1.02 being sometimes collectively referred to as the Personal Property ). 

ARTICLE
II 

 INDEBTEDNESS AND PAYMENTS 

2.01 INDEBTEDNESS .
The indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust (the Indebtedness shall mean and include the following: 

(a)
(i) all indebtedness, obligations and liabilities of Grantor to Beneficiary of any kind or character, now existing or hereafter
arising, whether direct, indirect, related, unrelated, fixed, contingent, liquidated, unliquidated, joint, several or joint and
several, and regardless of whether such indebtedness, obligations and liabilities may, prior to their acquisition by Beneficiary, be
or have been payable to or in favor of a third party and subsequently acquired by Beneficiary (it being contemplated that
Beneficiary may make such acquisitions from third parties), including without limitation all indebtedness, obligations and
liabilities of Grantor to Beneficiary now existing or hereafter arising under (1) the Note, this Deed of Trust, the other
Loan Documents or any draft, acceptance, guaranty, endorsement, letter of credit, assignment, purchase, overdraft, discount or
indemnity agreement, or (2) otherwise, (ii) all accrued but unpaid interest on any of the indebtedness described in (i) above, (iii)
all obligations of Grantor and any Guarantor to Beneficiary under the Loan Documents, (iv) all costs and expenses incurred by
Beneficiary in connection with the collection and administration of all or any part of the indebtedness and obligations described in
(i), (ii) and (iii) above or the protection or preservation of, or realization upon, the collateral securing all or any part of such
indebtedness and obligations, including without limitation all reasonable attorneys fees and (v) all renewals, extensions,
modifications and rearrangements of the indebtedness and obligations described in (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv). 

(b) Any payment made by Beneficiary with respect to any first lien holder. 

(c)
Grantor and Beneficiary contemplate that Beneficiary will, from time to time, engage in various transactions and that from time to
time other circumstances may arise, in which Grantor becomes obligated to Beneficiary. Grantor understands that some of those
transactions and circumstances may be of a type that is very different from the loan transaction evidenced in part by the Note and
the circumstances connected therewith. Grantor desires and intends that Beneficiary engage in all such transactions, and deal
generally with Grantor with the assurance that any and all indebtedness and obligations now owed, and that may hereafter become
owing, to Beneficiary from Grantor, will be secured by the liens arising hereunder. Therefore, the conveyance made by this Deed of
Trust, in addition to being made to secure payment of the Note, is also made in trust to secure and enforce the payment of all other
indebtedness and obligations of Grantor to Beneficiary whether presently existing, or in any manner or means hereafter incurred by
Grantor, and evidenced in any manner whatsoever, either by notes, advances, overdrafts, bookkeeping entries, guaranty agreements,
liens or security interest, deeds of trust, or any other method or means including any renewal and extension of the Note, or of any
part of any present or future indebtedness or other obligations, of Grantor and including any further loans and advances made by
Beneficiary to Grantor. The fact of repayment of all Indebtedness, and performance of all other obligations, of Grantor, to
Beneficiary shall not terminate the lien arising hereunder unless the same be released by Beneficiary at the request of Grantor; but
otherwise it shall remain in full force and effect to secure all future advances, indebtedness and other obligations, regardless of
any additional security that may be taken as to any past or future indebtedness or other obligations. In no event shall this
conveyance secure payment of any installment loan or any open-end line of credit established under the Texas Finance
Code. 

Deed of Trust Page 3 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

2.02 OTHER
LOAN DOCUMENTS . The term Loan Documents as used herein means this Deed of Trust, the Note, the guaranty provided
in connection with the Note, and the other agreements, instruments and documents evidencing, securing, governing, guaranteeing or pertaining
to the Note. This Deed of Trust shall also secure the performance of all obligations and covenants of Grantor under this Deed of Trust
and the other Loan Documents. 

2.03 PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST . Grantor shall promptly pay when due the principal of and interest on the indebtedness evidenced by the Note, and prepayment and late charges provided in the Note and all other sums secured by this Deed of Trust. 

2.04 APPLICATION
OF PAYMENTS . Unless applicable law provides otherwise, all payments received by Beneficiary from Grantor under the Note or this Deed
of Trust shall be applied by Beneficiary in the following order of priority: (a) amounts payable to Beneficiary by Grantor under this
Deed of Trust; (b) sums payable to Beneficiary under the Note, to be applied to principal or interest as provided in any other Loan Document,
if no such provision, as Beneficiary may determine in its discretion; and (c) any other sums secured by this Deed of Trust in such order
as Beneficiary, at Beneficiary s option, may determine. 

2.05 GUARANTOR .
The term Guarantor shall include any person, company, or entity obligated to pay or guaranteeing collection of all
or any portion of the Indebtedness, directly, or indirectly. 

2.06 SUBROGATION
TO EXISTING LIENS; VENDOR S LIEN . To the extent that proceeds of the Note are used to pay indebtedness secured by any outstanding
lien, security interest, charge or prior encumbrance against the Property, such proceeds have been advanced by Beneficiary at Grantor s
request, and Beneficiary shall be subrogated to any and all rights, security interests and liens owned by any owner or holder of such
outstanding liens, security interests, charges or encumbrances, however remote, irrespective of whether said liens, security interests,
charges or encumbrances are released, and all of the same are recognized as valid and subsisting and are renewed and continued and merged
herein to secure the secured indebtedness, but the terms and provisions of this Deed of Trust shall govern and control the manner and
terms of enforcement of the liens, security interests, charges and encumbrances to which Beneficiary is subrogated hereunder. It is expressly
understood that, in consideration of the payment of such indebtedness by Beneficiary, Grantor hereby waives and releases all demands
and causes of action for offsets and payments in connection with the said indebtedness. If all or any portion of the proceeds of the
Indebtedness evidenced by the Note or of any other secured indebtedness has been advanced for the purpose of paying the purchase price
for all or a part of the Property, no vendor s lien is waived; and Beneficiary shall have, and is hereby granted, a vendor s
lien on the Property as cumulative additional security for the secured indebtedness. Beneficiary may foreclose under this Deed of Trust
or under the vendor s lien without waiving the other or may foreclose under both. 

ARTICLE
III 

 SECURITY AGREEMENT 

3.01
UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE SECURITY AGREEMENT . This Deed of Trust is also intended to be a security agreement between Grantor, as
debtor, and Beneficiary, as secured party, pursuant to the Code for any of the items specified above as part of the Property which,
under applicable law, may be subject to a security interest pursuant to the Code, and Grantor hereby grants Beneficiary a security
interest in all such items. Grantor shall pay all costs of filing any financing statement and any extensions, renewals, amendments,
and releases thereof and shall pay all reasonable costs and expenses of any record searches for financing statements Beneficiary may
reasonably require. Without the prior written consent of Beneficiary, Grantor shall not create or suffer to be created pursuant to
the Code any other security interest in said items, including replacements and additions thereto. Upon the occurrence of an Event
of Default, including the covenants to pay when due all sums secured by this Deed of Trust, Beneficiary shall have the remedies of a
secured party under the Code and, at Beneficiary s option, may also invoke the remedies provided in this Deed of Trust as to
such items. In exercising any remedies, Beneficiary may proceed against the items of real property and any items of personal
property specified above as part of the property separately or together and in any order whatsoever, without in any way affecting
the availability of Beneficiary s remedies under the Code or of the remedies provided in this Deed of Trust. 

Deed of Trust Page 4 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

3.02 NOTICES
OF CHANGES . Grantor shall give advance notice in writing to Beneficiary of any proposed change in Grantor s name or jurisdiction
in which Grantor is organized, and shall execute and deliver to Beneficiary, prior to or concurrently with the occurrence of any such
change, all additional financing statements that Beneficiary may require to establish and maintain the validity and priority of Beneficiary s
security interest with respect to any of the Property. 

3.03 FIXTURES .
Some of the items of the Property are goods that are or are to become fixtures related to the Land. Grantor and Beneficiary intend that,
as to those goods, this Deed of Trust shall be effective as a financing statement filed as a fixture filing from the date of its filing
for record in the real estate records of the county in which the Property is situated. Information concerning the security interest created
by this Deed of Trust may be obtained from Beneficiary, as secured party, at Beneficiary s address stated above. The mailing address
of the Grantor, as debtor, is as stated above. 

ARTICLE
IV 

 ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES 

4.01 ASSIGNMENT
OF LEASES . Grantor assigns to Beneficiary, and grants to Beneficiary a security interest in, all of Grantor s rights, but not
Grantor s obligations, under existing and future leases, including subleases, and any and all extensions, renewals, modifications,
and replacements of such leases, upon any part of the Property (collectively, the Leases ). Prior to an Event of
Default, Grantor shall have the right, without joinder of Beneficiary, to enforce the Leases, unless Beneficiary directs otherwise. 

4.02 WARRANTIES CONCERNING LEASE AND RENTS . Grantor represents and warrants that: 

(a) Grantor has good title to the Leases hereby assigned (if any) and authority to assign them, and no other person or entity has any right, title or interest therein; 

(b) All existing Leases (if any) are valid, unmodified and in full force and effect, except as indicated herein and no default exists thereunder; 

(c) Unless
otherwise provided herein, no Rents or other sums owing under the Leases have been or will be assigned, mortgaged or pledged; 

(d) No Rents have been or will be anticipated, waived, released, discounted, set off or compromised; and 

(e) Except
as indicated in the Leases (if any), Grantor has not received any funds or deposits from any tenant that has not already been applied
to the payment of accrued Rents. 

4.03 GRANTOR S COVENANTS OF PERFORMANCE . Grantor covenants to: 

(a)
Perform all of its obligations under the Leases (if any) and give prompt notice to Beneficiary of any failure to do so; 

(b) Give immediate notice to Beneficiary of any notice Grantor receives from any tenant or subtenant under any Leases (if any), specifying any claimed default by any party under such Leases; 

(c) Enforce the tenant s obligations under the Leases (if any); 

Deed of Trust Page 5 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

(d) Defend,
at Grantor s expense, any proceeding pertaining to the Leases (if any), including, if Beneficiary so requests, any such proceeding
to which Beneficiary is a party; 

(e) Not
permit the termination, assignment amendment or modification of any existing Lease (if any) without the prior written consent of Beneficiary;
and 

(f) Neither
create nor permit any encumbrance upon Grantor s interest as landlord of the Leases (if any), except this Deed of Trust and any
other encumbrances permitted by this Deed of Trust. 

4.04 PRIOR APPROVAL FOR ACTIONS AFFECTING LEASES . Grantor shall not, without the prior written consent of Beneficiary (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld): 

(a) Receive or collect Rents under any Lease more than one month in advance; 

(b) Encumber or assign future Rents; 

(c) Waive or release any obligation of any tenant under the Leases; or 

(d) Cancel,
terminate or materially modify any of the Leases (if any), cause, permit or accept any cancellation, termination or surrender of any
of the Leases (if any), or commence any proceedings for dispossession of any tenant under any of the Leases (if any). 

4.05 ATTORNMENT
OF TENANTS . All future Leases of the Property shall specifically provide: (a) that such Leases are subordinate to this Deed of Trust;
(b) that the tenant attorns to Beneficiary, such attornment to be effective upon Beneficiary s acquisition of title to the Property;
(c) that the tenant agrees to execute such further evidences of attornment as Beneficiary may from time to time request; (d) that the
attornment of the tenant shall not be terminated by foreclosure; and (e) that Beneficiary may, at Beneficiary s option, accept
or reject such attornments. 

4.06 SETTLEMENT
FOR TERMINATION . Grantor agrees that no settlement for damages for termination of any of the Leases under the Federal Bankruptcy
Code, or under any other federal, state, or local statute, shall be made without the prior written consent of Beneficiary, and any check
in payment of such damages shall be made payable to both Grantor and Beneficiary. Grantor hereby assigns any such payment to Beneficiary,
to be applied to the Indebtedness as Beneficiary may elect, and Grantor agrees to endorse any check for payment to the order of Beneficiary. 

4.07 BENEFICIARY
IN POSSESSION . Beneficiary s acceptance of this assignment shall not, prior to entry upon and taking possession of the Property
by Beneficiary, be deemed to constitute Beneficiary a mortgagee in possession, nor obligate Beneficiary to appear in or defend any proceeding
relating to any of the Leases (if any) or to the Property, take any action hereunder, expend any money, incur any expenses, or perform
any obligation or liability under the Leases (if any), or assume any obligation for any deposits delivered to Grantor by any tenant and
not delivered to Beneficiary. Beneficiary shall not be liable for any injury or damage to person or property in or about the Property. 

4.08 APPOINTMENT
OF ATTORNEY . Grantor hereby appoints Beneficiary its attorney-in-fact, coupled with an interest, empowering Beneficiary to subordinate
any Leases to this Deed of Trust. 

4.09 INDEMNIFICATION;
HOLD HARMLESS . Grantor hereby indemnifies and holds Beneficiary harmless from all liability, damage, or expense incurred by Beneficiary
from any claims under the Leases, including without limitation any claims by Grantor with respect to Rents paid directly to Beneficiary
after an Event of Default and claims by tenants for security deposits or for rental payments more than one (1) month in advance and not
delivered to Beneficiary. All amounts indemnified against hereunder, including reasonable attorneys fees, if paid by Beneficiary shall
bear interest at the Maximum Lawful Rate, shall be payable to Grantor immediately without demand, and shall be secured by this Deed of
Trust. 

Deed of Trust Page 6 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

4.10 RECORDS . Upon request by Beneficiary, Grantor shall deliver to Beneficiary executed originals of all Leases and copies of all records relating thereto. 

4.11 MERGER .
There shall be no merger of the leasehold estates, created by the Leases, with the fee estate of the Land without the prior written consent
of Beneficiary. 

4.12 RIGHT
TO RELY . Grantor authorizes and directs the tenants under the Leases to pay Rents to Beneficiary upon written demand by Beneficiary,
without further consent of Grantor and regardless of whether Beneficiary has taken possession of any other portion of the Property, and
the tenants may rely upon any written statement by Beneficiary to the tenants. 

ARTICLE
V 

 ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS 

5.01 ASSIGNMENT
OF RENTS . As part of the consideration for the Indebtedness, and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which Grantor acknowledges, Grantor hereby assigns and transfers to Beneficiary all rents, issues, income, receipts, and profits from
the Property, and all security deposits and other security therefor, and any other property defined as rents under
Chapter 64 of the Texas Property Code (collectively, the Rents ), including those now due, or to become due by virtue
of any Lease or other agreement for the occupancy or use of all or part of the Property, regardless of to whom the Rents are payable.
Grantor authorizes Beneficiary or Beneficiary s agents to collect the Rents and directs each tenant of the Property to pay such
Rents to Beneficiary or Beneficiary s agents; provided, however, that prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, Grantor shall
collect and receive all Rents as trustee for the benefit of Beneficiary and Grantor, to apply the Rents so collected to the sums secured
by this Deed of Trust in the order provided in Section 2.04 with the balance, so long as no such Event of Default has occurred,
to the account of Grantor. 

5.02 EVENT
OF DEFAULT . Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, and without the necessity of Beneficiary entering upon and taking and maintaining
full control of the Property in person, by agent or by a court- appointed receiver, Beneficiary shall immediately be entitled to possession
of all the Rents specified in this Article V as the same become due and payable, including without limitation Rents then due and
unpaid, and all such Rents shall immediately upon delivery of such notice be held by Grantor as trustee for the benefit of Beneficiary
only; provided, however, that the written notice by Beneficiary to Grantor of the breach by Grantor shall contain a statement that Beneficiary
exercises its rights to such Rents. Grantor agrees that, commencing upon delivery of such written notice of an Event of Default by Beneficiary
to Grantor, each tenant of the Property shall make such Rents payable to and pay such Rents to Beneficiary or Beneficiary s agents
on Beneficiary s written demand to each tenant therefor, delivered to each tenant personally, by mail or by delivering such demand
to each rental unit, without any liability on the part of any tenant to inquire further as to the existence of an Event of Default. 

5.03 GRANTOR S
COVENANTS . Grantor covenants that Grantor has not executed any prior assignment of the Rents or any portion thereof, that Grantor
has not performed, and will not perform, any acts and has not executed, and will not execute, any Deed of Trust which would prevent Beneficiary
from exercising its rights under this Article V and that at the time of execution of this Deed of Trust there has been no anticipation
or prepayment of any of the Rents for more than THIRTY (30) days prior to the due dates of such Rents. Grantor covenants that
Grantor will not hereafter collect or accept payment of any Rents more than THIRTY (30) days prior to the due dates of such Rents
without prior written consent of Beneficiary, Grantor further covenants that Grantor will execute and deliver to Beneficiary such further
assignments of Rents as Beneficiary may from time to time request. 

5.04 APPOINTMENT
OF RECEIVER; POSSESSION OF THE PROPERTY . Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Beneficiary may in person, by agent or by a
court-appointed receiver, regardless of the adequacy of Beneficiary s security, enter upon and take and maintain full control of
the Property in order to perform all acts necessary and appropriate for the operation and maintenance thereof, including without limitation
the execution, cancellation or modification of Leases, the collection of Rents, the making of repairs to the Property, and the execution
or termination of contracts providing for the management or maintenance of the Property, all on such terms as are deemed best to protect
the security of this Deed of Trust. In the event Beneficiary elects to seek the appointment of a receiver for the Property upon the occurrence
of an Event of Default, Grantor consents to the appointment of such receiver. Beneficiary or the receiver shall be entitled to receive
a reasonable fee for so managing the Property. 

Deed of Trust Page 7 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

5.05 APPLICATION
OF RENTS . All Rents collected subsequent to the occurrence of an Event of Default shall be applied first to the costs, if any, of
taking control of and managing the Property and collecting the Rents, including without limitation attorneys fees, receiver s
fees, premiums on receiver s bonds, costs of repairs to the Property, premiums on insurance policies, taxes, assessments, and other
charges on the Property, and to the costs of discharging any obligation or liability of Grantor as landlord of the Property, and then
to the sums secured by this Deed of Trust. Beneficiary or the receiver shall have access to the books and records used in the operation
and maintenance of the Property and shall be liable to account only for those Rents actually received. Beneficiary shall not be liable
to Grantor, anyone claiming under or through Grantor or anyone having an interest in the Property by reason of anything done or left
undone by Beneficiary under this Article V . 

5.06 INSUFFICIENT
RENTS . If Rents are not sufficient to meet the costs, if any, of taking control of and managing the Property and collecting the Rents,
any funds expended by Beneficiary for such purposes shall become Indebtedness of Grantor to Beneficiary secured by this Deed of Trust.
Unless Beneficiary and Grantor agree in writing to other terms of payment, such amounts shall be payable upon notice from Beneficiary
to Grantor requesting payment thereof and shall bear interest from the date of disbursement at the rate stated in the Note, unless payment
of such interest at such rate would be contrary to applicable law, in which event such amounts shall bear interest at the highest non-usurious
rate which may be collected from Grantor under applicable law. 

5.07 NO
WAIVER; TERM . Any entering upon and taking and maintaining of control of the Property by Beneficiary or the receiver and any application
of Rents as provided herein shall not cure or waive any default hereunder or invalidate any other right or remedy of Beneficiary under
applicable law or provided herein. This assignment of the Rents shall terminate at such time as this Deed of Trust ceases to secure the
Indebtedness held by Beneficiary. 

ARTICLE
VI 

 GRANTOR S
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, COVENANTS, AND AGREEMENTS 

Grantor
covenants, warrants, represents to and agrees with Beneficiary as follows: 

6.01 PAYMENT
AND PERFORMANCE . Grantor shall make all payments on the Indebtedness when due and shall punctually and properly perform all of Grantor s
covenants, obligations and liabilities under this Deed of Trust and the other Loan Documents. 

6.02 TITLE
TO PROPERTY AND LIENS OF THIS DEED OF TRUST . Grantor has good and indefeasible title to the Land and the Improvements and good and
marketable title to the Personal Property, free and clear of any liens, charges, encumbrances, security interests, and adverse claims
whatsoever, except for the matters, if any, set forth on Exhibit B to the mortgagee title insurance to the extent the same are
valid and subsisting and affect the Property (the Permitted Encumbrances ). If the interest of Beneficiary in the
Property or any part thereof shall be endangered or shall be attacked, directly or indirectly, Grantor authorizes Beneficiary, at Grantor s
expense, to take all necessary and proper steps for the defense of such interest, including the employment of attorneys, the prosecution
or defense of litigation, and the compromise or discharge of claims made against such interest. 

6.03 TITLE INSURANCE . Grantor shall, at its sole cost and expense, obtain and maintain mortgagee title insurance (in the form of a commitment, binder, or policy as Beneficiary may require) in form acceptable to Beneficiary in an amount equal to the amount of the Note. 

Deed of Trust Page 8 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

6.04
INSURANCE . Grantor shall promptly obtain and deliver to Beneficiary insurance policies with premiums paid providing extended
coverage for all Improvements and other Property against damage by fire and lightning and against such other risks as Beneficiary
may require with a deductible not to exceed ONE PERCENT (1.00 of the amount of the Policy which shall be equal to the full
replacement cost of all Improvements located on the Property, and in any event not less than the amount of the Indebtedness, and
with provision that (a) each of said policies shall not be terminated, reduced or limited regardless of any breach of the
representations and agreements set forth therein, and (b) no such policy shall be canceled, endorsed or amended to any extent
unless the issuer thereof shall have first given Beneficiary at least THIRTY (30) days prior written notice. In case
Grantor fails to furnish such policies, Beneficiary, at Beneficiary s option, may procure such insurance at Grantor s
expense. All renewal and substitute policies of insurance shall be delivered to the office of Beneficiary, premiums paid, at least TEN
(10) days before expiration of the insurance protection to be replaced by such renewal or substituted policies. In case of loss,
Beneficiary, at Beneficiary s option, shall be entitled to receive and retain the proceeds of the insurance policies, applying
the same toward payment of the Indebtedness, taxes or other sums due and owing by Grantor in connection with the Property in such
manner as Beneficiary may elect, or at Beneficiary s option, Beneficiary may pay the same over wholly or in part to Grantor
for the repair of said Improvements or for the erection of new Improvements in their place, or for any other purpose satisfactory to
Beneficiary, but Beneficiary shall not be obligated to see to the proper application of any amounts so paid to Grantor. If
Beneficiary elects to allow such payments to Grantor, disbursement shall be on such terms subject to such conditions as Beneficiary
may specify. Regardless of whether any insurance proceeds are sufficient to pay the costs of repair and restoration of the Property,
provided that Beneficiary has paid such proceeds to Grantor, Grantor shall promptly commence and carry out the repair, replacement,
restoration and rebuilding of any and all of the Improvements damaged or destroyed so as to return same, to the extent practicable,
to the same condition as immediately prior to such damage to or destruction thereof. Grantor shall not permit or carry on any
activity within or relating to the Property that is prohibited by the terms of any insurance policy covering any part of the
Property or which permits cancellation of or increase in the premium payable for any insurance policy covering any part of the
Property. Furthermore, for any portion of the Property situated in an area having special flood hazards (as defined in the Flood
Disaster Protection Act of 1973, as amended from time to time, or any similar legislation), Grantor shall provide flood insurance
satisfactory to Beneficiary in an amount equal to the replacement cost of the Improvements or the maximum amount of flood insurance
available, whichever is the lesser. 

6.05 TAXES AND ASSESSMENTS . Grantor shall pay all taxes and assessments against or affecting the Property as the same become due and payable, and, upon request by Beneficiary, Grantor shall deliver to Beneficiary such evidence of the payment thereof as Beneficiary may require. If Grantor fails to do so, Beneficiary may pay them, together with all costs and penalties thereon, at Grantor s expense; provided, however, that Grantor may in good faith, in lieu of paying such taxes and assessments as they become due and payable, by appropriate proceedings, contest their validity. Pending such contest, Grantor shall not be deemed in default under this Deed of Trust because of such nonpayment if: (a) prior to delinquency of the asserted tax or assessment, Grantor furnishes Beneficiary an indemnity bond secured by a deposit in cash or other security acceptable to Beneficiary, or with a surety acceptable to Beneficiary, in the amount of the tax or assessment being contested by Grantor plus a reasonable additional sum to pay all costs, interest and penalties that may be imposed or incurred in connection therewith, conditioned that such tax or assessment, with interest, cost and penalties, be paid as herein stipulated; and (b) Grantor promptly pays any amount adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be due with all costs, penalties and interest thereon, on or before the date such judgment becomes final. In any event, the tax, assessment, penalties, interest, and costs shall be paid prior to the date on which any writ or order is issued under which the Property or any part of the Property may be sold in satisfaction thereof. 

6.06 TAX AND INSURANCE ESCROW . During the existence of an Event of Default, Grantor agrees to establish reserve accounts for real estate taxes, insurance premiums, and other impositions as may be reasonably requested by Beneficiary from time to time. 

6.07 CONDEMNATION. 

(a) Grantor
assigns to Beneficiary all judgments, decrees, and awards for injury or damage, direct or consequential, to the Property, and all awards
pursuant to proceedings for condemnation or other taking, whether direct or indirect, of the Property or any part of the Property. Beneficiary
may apply any condemnation proceeds to the Indebtedness in such manner as Beneficiary may elect. Grantor shall promptly notify Beneficiary
of any action or proceeding (or threatened action or proceeding) relating to any condemnation or other taking, whether direct or indirect,
of all or any part of the Property. Grantor shall, unless otherwise directed by Beneficiary in writing, file or defend its claim under
any such action and prosecute the same with due diligence to its final disposition and shall cause any awards or settlements to be paid
over to Beneficiary for disposition pursuant to the terms of this Deed of Trust. Grantor authorizes Beneficiary, at Beneficiary s
option, as attorney-in-fact for Grantor, to commence, appear in, and prosecute, in Beneficiary s or Grantor s name, any action
or proceeding relating to any condemnation or other taking of the Property, whether direct or indirect, and to settle or compromise any
claim in connection with such condemnation or other taking. The proceeds of any award, payment, or claim for damages, direct or consequential,
in connection with any condemnation or other taking, whether direct or indirect, of the Property, or part thereof, or for conveyances
in lieu of condemnation, are hereby assigned to and shall be paid to Beneficiary. Beneficiary shall be entitled to participate in, control,
and be represented by attorneys of Beneficiary s own choice in any such action. Grantor shall deliver, or cause to be delivered,
to Beneficiary such instruments as may be requested by it from time to time to permit such participation. 

Deed of Trust Page 9 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

(b) Grantor authorizes Beneficiary to apply such awards, payments, proceeds, or damages, after the deduction of Beneficiary s expenses incurred in the collection of such amounts, at Beneficiary s option, to restoration or repair of the Property, or to payment of the sums secured by this Deed of Trust, whether or not then due, in the order of application set forth in Section 2.04 , with the balance, if any, to Grantor. 

(c) In
the event Beneficiary, as a result of any such judgment, decree, or award, reasonably believes that the payment or performance of any
obligation secured by this Deed of Trust is impaired, Beneficiary may, without notice, declare all of the Indebtedness immediately due
and payable. 

6.08 TAXES
ON NOTE OR DEED OF TRUST . If at any time any law shall be enacted imposing or authorizing the imposition of any tax upon this Deed
of Trust, or upon any rights, title, liens, or security interests created by this Deed of Trust, or upon the Note, or any part of the
Indebtedness, Grantor shall immediately pay all such taxes; provided that, if it is unlawful for Grantor to pay such taxes, Grantor shall
prepay the Note in full without penalty within THIRTY (30) days after demand therefor by Beneficiary. 

6.09 STATEMENTS
BY GRANTOR . At the request of Beneficiary, Grantor shall furnish promptly a written statement or affidavit, in such form as may be
required by Beneficiary, stating the unpaid balance of the Note, the date to which interest has been paid and that there are no offsets
or defenses against full payment of the Note and performance of the terms of the Loan Documents, or, if there are such offsets or defenses,
specifying them. 

6.10 REPAIR, WASTE, ALTERATIONS, ETC . Grantor shall keep every part of the Property in good operating order, repair, and condition and shall not commit or permit any waste thereof. Grantor shall make promptly all repairs, renewals, and replacements necessary to such end. Grantor shall discharge all claims for labor performed and material furnished therefor, and shall not suffer any lien of mechanics or materialmen to attach to any part of the Property. Grantor shall have the right to contest in good faith the validity of any such mechanic s or materialman s lien, provided Grantor shall first furnish Beneficiary a bond or other security satisfactory to Beneficiary in such amount as Beneficiary shall reasonably require, but not more than ONE HUNDRED TWENTY PERCENT (120.00 of the amount of the claim, and provided further that Grantor shall thereafter diligently proceed to cause such lien to be removed and discharged. If Grantor shall fail to discharge any such lien, then, in addition to any other right or remedy of Beneficiary, Beneficiary may, but shall not be obligated to, discharge the lien, either by paying the amount claimed to be due, or by procuring the discharge of such lien by depositing in court a bond for the amount claimed, or otherwise giving security for such claim, or by taking such action as may be prescribed by law. Grantor shall guard every part of the Property from removal, destruction, and damage, and shall not do or suffer to be done any act whereby the value of any part of the property may be lessened. Grantor or any tenant or other person shall not materially alter the Property without the prior written consent of Beneficiary. 

6.11 NO
DRILLING OR EXPLORATION . Without the prior written consent of Beneficiary, there shall be no drilling or exploring for or extraction,
removal, or production of minerals from the surface or subsurface of the Land. The term minerals as used in this
Deed of Trust shall include without limitation oil, gas, casinghead gas, coal, lignite, hydrocarbons, methane, carbon dioxide, helium,
uranium and all other natural elements, compounds and substances, including sand and gravel. 

6.12 COMPLIANCE
WITH LAWS . Grantor, the Property, and Grantor s use of the Property shall comply with all laws, rules, ordinances, regulations,
covenants conditions, restrictions, orders and decrees of any governmental authority or court applicable to Grantor or the Property and
its use, and Grantor shall pay all fees or charges of any kind in connection therewith. Grantor shall not initiate, participate in, or
acquiesce in a change in the zoning classification of the Property without Beneficiary s prior written consent. 

Deed of Trust Page 10 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

6.13 CERTAIN REPORTS AND INFORMATION . Grantor shall promptly deliver such information concerning Grantor, any Guarantor, the Tenant, and the Property as Beneficiary may request. 

6.14 HOLD
HARMLESS . Grantor shall defend, at Grantor s own cost and expense, and hold Beneficiary harmless from, any proceeding or claim
in any way relating to the Property or the Loan Documents. All costs and expenses incurred by Beneficiary in protecting its interest
under this Deed of Trust, including all court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, shall be borne by Grantor. The
provisions of this Section shall survive the payment in full of the Indebtedness and the release of this Deed of Trust as to events occurring
and causes of action arising before such payment and release. 

6.15 FURTHER
ASSURANCES . Grantor, upon the request of Beneficiary, shall execute, acknowledge, deliver, and record such further instruments and
do such further acts as may be necessary, desirable, or proper to carry out the purposes of this Deed of Trust or the other Loan Documents
and to subject to the liens and security interests created by this Deed of Trust or the other Loan Documents any Property intended to
be covered by this Deed of Trust and the other Loan Documents pursuant to their terms, including without limitation any renewals, additions,
substitutions, replacements, improvements, or appurtenances to the Property. 

6.16 RECORDING
AND FILING . Grantor shall cause this Deed of Trust and the other recordable Loan Documents and all amendments, supplements, extensions,
and substitutions thereof to be recorded, filed, re-recorded, and refiled in such manner and in such places as Beneficiary shall reasonably
request. Grantor shall pay all such recording, filing, re-recording, and re-filing fees, title insurance premiums, and other charges. 

6.17 PAYMENT
OF DEBTS . Grantor shall promptly pay when due all obligations regarding the ownership and operation of the Property, except any such
obligations which are being diligently contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and as to which Grantor, if requested by Beneficiary,
shall have furnished to Beneficiary security satisfactory to Beneficiary. 

6.18 INSPECTION .
Beneficiary may make or cause to be made reasonable entries upon and inspection of the Property. 

6.19 PROTECTION OF BENEFICIARY S SECURITY. 

(a) If
Grantor fails to perform the covenants and agreements contained in this Deed of Trust, or any action or proceeding is commenced which
affects the Property or title thereto or the interest of Beneficiary therein, including without limitation eminent domain, insolvency,
code enforcement, or arrangements or proceedings involving a bankrupt or decedent, Beneficiary, at Beneficiary s option may make
such appearances, disburse such sums and take such action as Beneficiary deems necessary, in its sole discretion, to protect Beneficiary s
interest, including without limitation, (i) disbursement of attorneys fees, (ii) entry upon the Property to make repairs, and
(iii) procurement of satisfactory insurance as provided herein. 

(b) Any
amounts disbursed by Beneficiary pursuant to this Section with interest thereon, shall become additional indebtedness of Grantor secured
by this Deed of Trust. Unless Grantor and Beneficiary agree to other terms of payment, such amounts shall be immediately due and payable
and shall bear interest from the date of disbursement at the rate stated in the Note unless collection from Grantor of interest at such
rate would be contrary to applicable law, in which event such amounts shall bear interest at the highest non-usurious rate which may
be collected from Grantor under applicable law. Grantor covenants and agrees that Beneficiary shall be subrogated to the lien of any
mortgage or other lien discharged, in whole or in part, by the Indebtedness. Nothing contained in this Section shall require Beneficiary
to incur any expense or take any action under this Deed of Trust. 

6.20 SUBORDINATE
DEED OF TRUST . Grantor shall not, without the prior written consent of Beneficiary, grant any lien, security interest, or other encumbrance
(a Subordinate Deed of Trust covering any of the Property. If Beneficiary consents to a Subordinate Deed of Trust
or if the foregoing prohibition is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, any such Subordinate Deed of
Trust shall contain express covenants to the effect that: 

(a) The Subordinate Deed of Trust is unconditionally subordinate to this Deed of Trust; 

Deed of Trust Page 11 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

(b) If any action (whether judicial or pursuant to a power of sale) shall be instituted to foreclose or otherwise enforce the Subordinate Deed of Trust, no tenant of any of the Leases shall be named as a party defendant, and no action shall be taken that would terminate any occupancy or tenancy without the prior written consent of Beneficiary; 

(c) Rents,
if collected by or for the holder of the Subordinate Deed of Trust, shall be applied first to the payment of the Indebtedness then due
and expenses incurred in the ownership, operation, and maintenance of the Property in such order as Beneficiary may determine, prior
to being applied to any indebtedness secured by the Subordinate Deed of Trust; and 

(d) Written
notice of default under the Subordinate Deed of Trust and written notice of the commencement of any action (whether judicial or pursuant
to a power of sale) to foreclose or otherwise enforce the Subordinate Deed of Trust shall be given to Beneficiary with or immediately
after the occurrence of any such default or commencement. 

6.21 LIENS .
Grantor shall promptly discharge any lien which has, or may have, priority over or equality with, the lien of this Deed of Trust, and
Grantor shall pay, when due, the claims of all person supplying labor or materials to or in connection with the Property. Without Beneficiary s
prior written permission, Grantor shall not allow any lien inferior to this Deed of Trust to be perfected against the Property. 

6.22 BUSINESS
USE . Grantor warrants and represents to Beneficiary that the proceeds of the Note will be used solely for business or commercial
purposes, and in no way will the proceeds be used for personal, family or household purposes. 

6.23 NON-HOMESTEAD .
 GRANTOR WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS TO BENEFICIARY THAT THE PROPERTY IS NOT THE BUSINESS OR RESIDENTIAL HOMESTEAD OF GRANTOR OR ANY
OTHER PERSON, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH ON EXHIBIT C . 

6.24 APPRAISAL .
Beneficiary may at its option obtain at Grantor s expense an appraisal of the Property or any part thereof by a third-party appraiser
selected and instructed by Beneficiary. The costs of each such appraisal shall be payable by Grantor to Beneficiary on demand (which
obligation Grantor hereby promises to pay). Such appraisal shall be obtained as often as deemed necessary by Beneficiary or as required
by any law or regulation applicable to Beneficiary or loans of the type evidenced by the Note. Each such appraiser and appraisal shall
be satisfactory to Beneficiary. The costs of each such appraisal obtained pursuant to this Section shall be payable by Grantor to Beneficiary
on demand (which obligation Grantor hereby promises to pay) and shall be a part of an obligation of Grantor to Beneficiary secured by
this Deed of Trust, unless prohibited by applicable law. Grantor agrees to cooperate fully with Beneficiary, Beneficiary s agents,
and any appraiser selected by Beneficiary in connection with any appraisal desired or required pursuant to this Section. 

6.25 BENEFIT .
Grantor confirms that it will receive significant benefit from the Note, due to Grantor s status as wholly-owned subsidiary of
American International Holdings Corp., and that Beneficiary would not have entered into the Note but for Grantor entering into this Deed
of Trust. 

ARTICLE
VII 

 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

The
occurrence of an Event of Default under the Note shall be an Event of Default hereunder. 

ARTICLE
VIII 

 DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 

8.01
ACCELERATION AND WAIVER OF NOTICES . Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Beneficiary, at Beneficiary s option, may
declare all of the sums secured by this Deed of Trust to be immediately due and payable without further demand and may invoke the
power of sale and any other remedies permitted by applicable law or provided herein. Grantor acknowledges that the power of
sale granted to Beneficiary may be exercised by Beneficiary without prior judicial hearing. Grantor and each Guarantor (by the
execution and delivery of Guarantor s guaranty), surety, and endorser of all or any part of the Indebtedness expressly waive
all presentations for payment, notices of intention to accelerate maturity, notices of acceleration of maturity, notices of
intention to demand payment, demands for payment, protests, and notices of protest. 

Deed of Trust Page 12 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

8.02 NOTICE
OF SALE . Notice of sale of all or part of the Property by the Trustee shall be given by posting written notice thereof at the courthouse
door (or other area in the courthouse as may be designated for such public notices) of the county in which the sale is to be made, and
by filing a copy of the notice in the office of the county clerk of the county in which the sale is to be made, at least TWENTY-ONE
(21) days preceding the date of the sale, and if the Property to be sold is in more than one county a notice shall be posted at the
courthouse door (or other area in the courthouse as may be designated for such public notices) and filed with the county clerk of each
county in which the Property to be sold is situated or as otherwise required by the Texas Property Code. If the Property to be sold is
in more than one county, the notice shall designate the county in which the Property is to be sold. In addition, Beneficiary shall, at
least TWENTY-ONE (21) days preceding the date of sale, serve written notice of the proposed sale by certified mail on Grantor
and each person obligated to pay the Indebtedness secured hereby according to the Beneficiary s records. Service of such notice
shall be completed upon deposit of the notice, enclosed in a postpaid wrapper, properly addressed to such person at the most recent address
as shown by the records of Beneficiary, in a post office or official depository under the care and custody of the United States postal
service. The affidavit of any person having knowledge of the facts to the effect that such service was completed shall be prima facie
evidence of the fact of service. Any notice that is required or permitted to be given to Grantor may be addressed to Grantor at Grantor s
address as stated above. Any notice that is to be given by certified mail to any other person may, if no address for such other person
is shown by records of Beneficiary, be addressed to such other person at the address of Grantor as is shown by the records of Beneficiary.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section notice of such sale given in accordance with the requirements of the applicable
laws of the State of Texas in effect at the time of such sale shall constitute sufficient notice of such sale. The Trustee or his successor
or substitute may appoint or delegate any one or more persons as agent to perform any act or acts necessary or incident to any sale held
by Trustee, including the posting of notices and the conduct of sale, but in the name and on behalf of Trustee, his successor or substitute
Trustee thereafter appointed may complete the sale and the conveyance of the Property pursuant thereto as if such notice had been given
by the successor or substitute Trustee conducting the sale. 

8.03 TRUSTEE S
SALE . Beneficiary may require the Trustee to sell all or part of the Property, at public auction, to the highest bidder, for cash,
at the county courthouse of the county in Texas in which the Property or any part thereof is situated, or if the Property is located
in more than one county such sale or sales may be made at the courthouse in any county in which the Property is situated. All sales shall
take place at such area of the courthouse as shall be properly designated from time to time by the commissioners court (or, if not so
designated by the commissioners court, as such other area in the courthouse as may be provided in the notice of sale hereinafter described)
of the specified county, between the hours of 10:00 o clock a.m. and 4:00 o clock p.m. (the commencement of such sale to
occur within three hours following the time designated in the above described notice of sale as the earliest time at which such sale
shall occur, if required by applicable law) on the first Tuesday of any month, after giving notice of the time, place and terms of said
sale (including the earliest time at which such sale shall occur) and of the Property to be sold in the manner hereinafter described.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, any sale may be adjourned by announcement at the time and place appointed for such sale without
further notice except as may be required by law. Trustee may sell all or any portion of the Property, together or in lots or parcels.
In no event shall Trustee be required to exhibit, present or display at any such sale any of the Personal Property to be sold at such
sale, Beneficiary may bid and become the purchaser of all or any part of the Property at any trustee s or foreclosure sale hereunder,
and the amount of Beneficiary s successful bid may be credited on the Indebtedness. In the event any sale hereunder is not completed
or is defective in the opinion of Beneficiary, such sale shall not exhaust the power of sale hereunder, and Beneficiary shall have the
right to cause a subsequent sale or sales to be made hereunder. 

8.04
PARTIAL SALES . The sale by Trustee of less than the whole of the Property shall not exhaust the power of sale herein granted,
and Trustee is specifically empowered to make successive sales under such power until the whole of the Property shall be sold; and
if the proceeds of such sale of less than the whole of the Property shall be less than the aggregate of the Indebtedness and the
expenses thereof, this Deed of Trust and the lien, security interest and assignment hereof shall remain in full force and effect as
to the unsold portion of the Property just as though no sale had been made; provided, however, that Grantor shall never have
any right to require the sale of less than the whole of the Property, but Beneficiary shall have the right, at its sole election, to
request Trustee to sell less than the whole of the Property. If there is a default on the payment of any installment on the Note or
any portion of the Indebtedness, and Beneficiary elects not to accelerate the unpaid balance of the Note or Indebtedness,
Beneficiary shall have the option to proceed with foreclosure in satisfaction of such unpaid installment or other amount either
through judicial proceedings or by directing Trustee to proceed as if under a full foreclosure, conducting the sale as herein
provided without declaring the entire Indebtedness due. It is agreed that such sale, if so made, shall not in any manner affect the
unmatured part of the Indebtedness, but as to such unmatured part this Deed of Trust shall remain in full force and effect as though
no sale had been made under the provisions of this Section. Several sales may be made hereunder without exhausting the right of sale
for any unmatured part of the Indebtedness. 

Deed of Trust Page 13 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

8.05 FORECLOSURE
OF ALL PROPERTY . The Land, Improvements, and Personal Property may be sold in one or more public sales pursuant to the Texas Property
Code and the Code. Grantor shall assemble the Personal Property and make it available to Beneficiary upon Beneficiary s written
request. Grantor and all persons obligated to pay the Indebtedness agree that notice of sale of the Property provided pursuant to Section
8.02 above and pursuant to the Texas Property Code is and shall constitute commercially reasonable notice of the sale of the Property
or any part of the Property. Beneficiary shall also be entitled to foreclose its security interests against the Personal Property in
accordance with any other rights and remedies Beneficiary may have as a secured party under the Code. 

8.06 TRUSTEE S
DEED . Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser a Trustee s deed and such other assignments and documents of transfer and sale
as Trustee may deem necessary conveying the Property so sold in fee simple with covenants of general warranty. Grantor covenants and
agrees to defend generally the purchaser s title to the Property against all claims and demands. At any such sale (a) Grantor hereby
agrees, in its behalf and in behalf of Grantor s heirs, executors, administrators, successors, personal representatives and assigns,
that any and all recitals made in any deed of conveyance given by Trustee with respect to the identity of Beneficiary, the occurrence
or existence of any default, the acceleration of the maturity of any of the Indebtedness, the request to sell, the notice of sale, the
giving of notice to all persons legally entitled thereto, the time, the place, terms and manner of sale, and receipt, distribution and
application of the money realized therefrom, or the due and proper appointment of a substitute Trustee, and, without being limited by
the foregoing, with respect to any other act or thing having been duly done by Beneficiary or by Trustee hereunder, shall be taken by
all courts of law and equity as prima facie evidence that the statements or recitals state facts and are without further question to
be so accepted, and Grantor hereby ratifies and confirms every act that Trustee or any substitute Trustee hereunder may lawfully do in
the premises by virtue hereof, and (b) the purchaser may disaffirm any easement granted, subdivision plat filed, or rental, lease or
other contract made in violation of any provision or this Deed of Trust, and may take immediate possession of the Property free from,
and despite the terms of, such grant of easement, subdivision plat, or rental, lease or other contract. 

8.07 PROCEEDS
OF SALE . Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale in the following order: (a) to all reasonable costs and expenses of the sale,
including but not limited to, reasonable Trustee s fees and attorneys fees and costs of title evidence; (b) to all sums
secured by this Deed of Trust in such order as Beneficiary, in Beneficiary s sole discretion, directs; and (c) the excess, if any,
to the person or persons legally entitled thereto. 

8.08 POSSESSION
AFTER SALE . Grantor or any person holding possession of the Property through Grantor shall immediately surrender possession of the
Property to the purchaser at such sale upon the purchaser s written demand. If possession is not surrendered upon the purchaser s
written demand, Grantor or such person shall be a tenant at sufferance and may be removed by writ of possession or by an action for forcible
entry and detainer. 

8.09 COSTS
AND EXPENSES . Beneficiary shall be entitled to collect all costs and expenses incurred in pursuing such remedies, including but not
limited to, attorneys fees and costs of documentary evidence, abstracts, and title reports. 

8.10 SUBSTITUTE
TRUSTEE . Beneficiary, at Beneficiary s option, with or without cause, may from time to time remove Trustee and appoint a successor
trustee to any Trustee appointed hereunder by an instrument recorded in the county in which this Deed of Trust is recorded. Without conveyance
of the Property, the successor trustee shall succeed to all title, power, and duties conferred upon the Trustee by this Deed of Trust
and by applicable law. 

Deed of Trust Page 14 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

8.11 REMEDIES
CUMULATIVE . Each remedy provided in this Deed of Trust is distinct and cumulative to all other rights or remedies under this Deed
of Trust or afforded by law or equity, and may by exercised concurrently, independently, or successively, in any order whatsoever. 

8.12 FORBEARANCE
BY BENEFICIARY NOT A WAIVER . Any forbearance by Beneficiary in exercising any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise afforded by
applicable law, shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any right or remedy. The acceptance by Beneficiary of payment of
any sum secured by this Deed of Trust after the due date of such payment shall not be a waiver of Beneficiary s right to either
require prompt payment when due of all other sums so secured or to declare a default for failure to make prompt payment. The procurement
of insurance or the payment of taxes or other liens or charges by Beneficiary shall not be a waiver of Beneficiary s right to accelerate
the maturity of the Indebtedness, nor shall Beneficiary s receipts of any awards, proceeds or damages under this Deed of Trust
operate to cure or waive Grantor s default in payment of sums secured by this Deed of Trust. 

8.13 WAIVER
OF DEFICIENCY STATUTE . In the event an interest in any of the Property is foreclosed upon pursuant to a judicial or non-judicial
foreclosure sale, Grantor agrees as follows: notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 51.003, 51.004, and 51.005 of the Texas Property
Code (as the same may be amended from time to time), and to the extent permitted by law, Grantor agrees that Beneficiary shall be entitled
to seek a deficiency judgment from Grantor and any other party obligated on the Note equal to the difference between the amount owing
on the Note and the amount for which the Property was sold pursuant to judicial or non-judicial foreclosure sale. Grantor expressly recognizes
that this Section constitutes a waiver of the above-cited provisions of the Texas Property Code which would otherwise permit Grantor
and other persons against whom recovery of deficiencies is sought or Guarantor independently (even absent the initiation of deficiency
proceedings against them) to present competent evidence of the fair market value of the Property as of the date of the foreclosure sale
and offset against any deficiency the amount by which the foreclosure sale price is determined to be less than such fair market value.
Grantor further recognizes and agrees that this waiver creates an irrefutable presumption that the foreclosure sale price is equal to
the fair market value of the Property for purposes of calculating deficiencies owed by Grantor, Guarantor, and others against whom recovery
of a deficiency is sought. 

8.14 WAIVER
OF MARSHALLING . Notwithstanding the existence of any other security interests in the Property held by Beneficiary or by any other
party, Beneficiary shall have the right to determine the order in which any or all portions of the Indebtedness are satisfied from the
proceeds realized upon the exercise of the remedies provided herein. Grantor, any party who consents to this Deed of Trust, and any party
who now or hereafter acquires a security interest in the Property and who has actual or constructive notice of this Deed of Trust and
Beneficiary s rights and interests under this Deed of Trust, hereby waive any and all right to require the marshalling of assets
in connection with the exercise of any of the remedies permitted by applicable law or provided by this Deed of Trust. 

ARTICLE
IX 

 ENVIRONMENTAL,
HEALTH, AND SAFETY MATTERS 

9.01 DEFINITIONS .
For the purposes of this Deed of Trust, Grantor, Beneficiary, and Trustee agree that, unless the context otherwise specifies or requires,
the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a) Environmental
Claim means any investigative, enforcement, cleanup, removal, containment, remedial, or other governmental or regulatory action
at any time threatened, instituted, or completed pursuant to any Governmental Requirements against Grantor or against or with respect
to the Property or its use, and any claim threatened or made by any person against Grantor or against or with respect to the Property
or its use relating to damage, contribution, cost recovery, compensation, or injury resulting from any alleged breach or violation of
any Governmental Requirements. 

(b) Environmental
Condition means any condition, circumstances, or matter related to or connected with the Property or Grantor s ownership
and use of the Property which is covered by any Governmental Requirements. 

Deed of Trust Page 15 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

(c)
 Governmental Requirements means any and all laws, statutes, ordinances, rules regulations, orders, or
determinations of any governmental authority, whether federal, state, county, city, or otherwise pertaining to health, safety, or
the environment in effect in any and all jurisdictions in which Grantor conducts business or where the Property is located,
including without limitation: (i) the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.) as amended from
time to time including without limitation as amended by the Used Oil Recycling Act of 1980, the Solid Waste Disposal Act Amendments
of 1980, and the Hazardous and Solid Waste Amendments of 1984 RCRA ), and regulations promulgated thereunder;
(ii) the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.) as amended
from time to time, including without limitation as amended by the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 CERCLA ), and regulations promulgated thereunder; (iii) the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601
et seq.), as amended from time to time; (iv) the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) as amended
from time to time ADA ), and all regulations and guidelines promulgated pursuant to the ADA, and all other
similar laws, including without limitation the Architectural Barriers Act of 1968, the Texas Architectural Barriers Statute of 1978,
and the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1958, and all as amended from time to time and including all regulations promulgated pursuant
to any one or more of them; (v) the Endangered Species Act (15 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) as amended from time to time; (vi) laws,
statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, orders, or determinations relating to wetlands, including without limitation those set
forth in the Clean Water Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) as amended from time to time; (vii) the Texas Water Code, as amended
from time to time; and (viii) the Texas Solid Waste Disposal Act (Tex. Health Safety Code Ann. 361.001-361.345), as
amended from time to time. 

(d) Hazardous
Materials means (i) any hazardous waste as defined by RCRA, and regulations promulgated thereunder; (ii)
any hazardous substance as defined by CERCLA, and regulations promulgated thereunder; (iii) any toxic substance
as defined under or regulated by the Toxic Substances Control Act; (iv) asbestos, polyclorinated biphenyls, radon, or explosive or radioactive
materials; (v) underground and above ground storage tanks, whether empty, filled or partially filled with any substance, including without
limitation any petroleum product or any other hazardous substance; (vi) any substance the presence of which on the
Property is prohibited by any Governmental Requirements; and (vii) any other substance which by any Governmental Requirement requires
special handling or notification of any federal, state, or local governmental entity in its collection, storage, treatment, or disposal. 

(e) Hazardous
Materials Contamination means the contamination (whether presently existing or hereafter occurring) of any improvements, facilities,
soil, groundwater, air, or other elements on or of the Property by Hazardous Materials, or the contamination of the buildings, facilities,
soil, groundwater, air, or other elements on or of any other property as a result of Hazardous Materials at any time (whether before
or after the date of this Deed of Trust) emanating from the Property. 

9.02 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . Grantor represents and warrants to Beneficiary that: 

(a) Grantor
has obtained all necessary permits, licenses, and authorizations for the Property and Grantor s use of the Property, including
without limitation all necessary permits, licenses, and authorizations for Grantor s intended development of the Property, construction
of the Improvements, or any other improvements to or construction on the Property, if applicable; and 

(b) The Property is in compliance with all Governmental Requirements, and Grantor s intended use of the Property will comply with all Governmental Requirements; and 

(c)
Not in limitation of the foregoing, that: (i) no Hazardous Materials are now located on the Property, and neither Grantor nor, to
the best of Grantor s knowledge and belief after due inquiry, any other person has ever caused or permitted any Hazardous
Materials to be placed, held, located, or disposed of on, under, or at the Property or any part thereof; (ii) no part of the
Property is being used or to the best of Grantor s knowledge and belief after due inquiry, has been used at any previous time
for the disposal, storage, treatment, processing, or other handling of Hazardous Materials, nor is any part of the Property affected
by any Hazardous Materials contamination; (iii) to the best of Grantor s knowledge and belief after due inquiry, no property
adjoining the Property is being used, or has ever been used at any previous time, for the disposal, storage, treatment, processing,
or other handling of Hazardous Materials, nor is any other properly adjoining the Property affected by Hazardous Materials
Contamination; (iv) to the best of Grantor s knowledge and belief after due inquiry, no investigation, administrative order,
consent order and agreement, litigation, or settlement with respect to Hazardous Materials or Hazardous Materials Contamination is
proposed, threatened, anticipated or in existence with respect to the Property; and (v) to the best of Grantor s knowledge and belief
after due inquiry, the Property is not currently on and has never been on any federal or state Superfund or
 Superlien list. 

Deed of Trust Page 16 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

9.03
GRANTOR S COVENANTS . Grantor agrees to (a) give notice to Beneficiary immediately upon Grantor s acquiring knowledge
of the presence of any Hazardous Materials on the Property or of any Hazardous Materials Contamination with a full description
thereof; (b) give notice to Beneficiary immediately upon Grantor s acquiring knowledge of any Environmental Claim; (c) comply
at all times with any Governmental Requirements applicable to the Property; (d) require all employees, agents, or representatives of
Grantor, all tenants and their agents and employees, and all contractors, subcontractors, suppliers, or other persons performing or
involved in the construction or maintenance of the Property and Improvements to comply at all times with all Governmental
Requirements; (e) provide Beneficiary with
satisfactory evidence of such compliance with Governmental Requirements; and (f) provide Beneficiary, within THIRTY (30) days
after demand by Beneficiary, with a bond, letter of credit, or similar financial assurance evidencing to Beneficiary s
satisfaction that the necessary funds are available to pay the cost of complying with any Governmental Requirements, including
without limitation removal, treatment and disposal of Hazardous Materials on the Property or Hazardous Materials Contamination to
the Property and discharge of any assessments or liens which may be established on or against the Property as a result thereof. 

9.04 SITE
ASSESSMENTS . Beneficiary (by its officers, employees, and agents) at any time and from time to time, either prior to or after the
occurrence of an Event of Default, may contract for the services of persons (the Site Reviewers to perform site
assessments Site Assessments on the Property for the purpose of determining whether there exists on the Property
any Environmental Condition which could reasonably be expected to result in a violation of any Governmental Requirements or in an Environmental
Claim. The Site Assessments may be performed at any time upon reasonable notice to Grantor, and under reasonable conditions established
by Grantor which do not impede the performance of the Site Assessments. The Site Reviewers are authorized to enter upon the Property
for such purposes. The Site Reviewers are further authorized to perform both above and below the ground testing for environmental damage
or the presence of Hazardous Materials on the Property and such other tests on the Property as may be necessary to conduct the Site Assessments
in the reasonable opinion of the Site Reviewers. Grantor will supply to the Site Reviewers such historical and operational information
regarding the Property as may be reasonably requested by the Site Reviewers to facilitate the Site Assessments and will make available
for meetings with the Site Reviewers appropriate personnel having knowledge of such matters. On request, Beneficiary shall make the results
of such Site Assessments fully available to Grantor, which (prior to an Event of Default hereunder) may, at Grantor s election,
participate under reasonable procedures in the direction of such Site Assessments and the description of tasks of the Site Reviewers.
The cost of performing such Site Assessments shall be paid by Grantor upon demand of Beneficiary and any such obligations shall be Indebtedness
secured by this Deed of Trust. 

9.05 INDEMNIFICATION.
GRANTOR, FOR VALUABLE CONSIDERATION WHICH GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES RECEIVING, SHALL DEFEND, INDEMNIFY, AND HOLD HARMLESS BENEFICIARY AND
TRUSTEE FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES (INCLUDING STRICT LIABILITY AND INCLUDING, WITH REGARD TO SITE ASSESSMENTS, BENEFICIARY S
OWN NEGLIGENCE), ACTIONS, DEMAND, PENALTIES, LOSSES, COSTS, OR EXPENSES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ATTORNEYS FEES AND EXPENSES,
AND REMEDIAL COSTS), SUITS, COSTS OF ANY SETTLEMENT OR JUDGMENT AND CLAIMS OF ANY AND EVERY KIND WHATSOEVER WHICH MAY NOW OR IN THE FUTURE
(WHETHER BEFORE OR AFTER THE RELEASE OF THIS DEED OF TRUST) BE PAID, INCURRED, OR SUFFERED BY OR ASSERTED AGAINST BENEFICIARY OR TRUSTEE
BY ANY PERSON OR ENTITY OR GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY FOR, WITH RESPECT TO, OR AS A DIRECT OR INDIRECT RESULT OF AND VIOLATION OR BREACH OF
ANY GOVERNMENTAL REQUIREMENTS OR ANY ENVIRONMENTAL CLAIM, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR WITHIN THE CONTROL OF GRANTOR, BENEFICIARY
OR TRUSTEE. THE REPRESENTATIONS, COVENANTS, WARRANTIES, AND INDEMNIFICATION CONTAINED IN THIS ARTICLE IX SHALL SURVIVE THE RELEASE
OF THIS DEED OF TRUST. 

9.06 BENEFICIARY S
RIGHTS . Beneficiary shall have the right, but not the obligation, prior or subsequent to an Event of Default, without in any way
limiting Beneficiary s other rights and remedies under this Deed of Trust, to enter onto the Property or to take such other actions
as it deems necessary or advisable to clean up, remove, resolve, 

 or
minimize the impact of, or otherwise deal with, any Environmental Condition on the Property following receipt of any notice from any
person or entity asserting the existence of any Environmental Condition pertaining to the Property or any part thereof which if true,
could result in an order, suit, imposition of a lien on the Property, or other action and/or which, in Beneficiary s sole opinion,
could jeopardize Beneficiary s security under this Deed of Trust. All costs and expenses paid or incurred by Beneficiary in the
exercise of any such rights shall be Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust and shall be payable by Grantor upon demand. 

Deed of Trust Page 17 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

9.07 NO
WAIVER . Notwithstanding any provision in this Article IX or elsewhere in this Deed of Trust, or any rights or remedies granted
by this Deed of Trust, Beneficiary does not waive and expressly reserves all rights and benefits now or hereafter accruing to or available
to Beneficiary under the security interest exception set forth in 40 C.F.R. 300.1100. No action taken by Beneficiary
pursuant to this Deed of Trust or any other Loan Document shall be deemed or construed to be a waiver or relinquishment of any rights
or benefits under the secured creditor exemption or secured party exemption under CERCLA. 

ARTICLE
X 

 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

10.01 RELEASE .
Upon payment of all sums and the performance of all obligations secured by this Deed of Trust, Beneficiary shall release this Deed of
Trust. Grantor shall pay Beneficiary s reasonable costs incurred in releasing this Deed of Trust. 

10.02 GRANTOR
AND LIEN NOT RELEASED . From time to time, Beneficiary may, at Beneficiary s option, without giving notice to or obtaining the
consent of Grantor, Grantor s successors or assigns or any junior lienholder or Guarantor, without liability on Beneficiary s
part and notwithstanding the existence of an Event of Default, extend the time for payment of the Indebtedness or any part thereof, reduce
the payments thereon, release anyone liable on any of the Indebtedness, accept a renewal note or notes therefor, modify the terms and
time of payment of the Indebtedness, release from the liens of this Deed of Trust any part of the Property, take or release other or
additional security, reconvey any part of the Property, consent to any map or plan of the Property, consent to the granting of any easement,
join in any extension or subordination agreement, and agree in writing with Grantor to modify the rate of interest or period of amortization
of the Note or change the amount of the installments payable thereunder. Any actions taken by Beneficiary pursuant to the terms of this
Section shall not affect the obligation of Grantor or Grantor s successors or assigns to pay the sums secured by this Deed of Trust
and to observe the covenants of Grantor contained herein, shall not affect the guaranty of any person, corporation, partnership, or other
entity for payment of the Indebtedness or any part thereof, and shall not affect the liens or priority of liens of this Deed of Trust
on the Property. Grantor shall pay Beneficiary a reasonable charge, together with such title insurance premiums and attorneys 
fees as may be incurred at Beneficiary s option, for any such action if taken at Grantor s request. 

10.03 NOTICE .
Except for any notice required under applicable law to be given in another manner, (a) any notice to Grantor provided for in the Deed
of Trust or in the Note shall be given by mailing such notice by United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to Grantor at Grantor s
address stated in this Deed of Trust or at such other address as Grantor may designate by notice to Beneficiary as provided herein, and
(b) any notice to Beneficiary shall be given by United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to Beneficiary at Beneficiary s
address stated in this Deed of Trust or to such other address as Beneficiary may designate by notice to Grantor as provided herein. Any
notice provided for in this Deed of Trust or in the Note shall be deemed to have been given to Grantor or Beneficiary when given in the
manner designated herein, but actual notice, however given or received, shall always be effective. 

10.04 SUCCESSORS
AND ASSIGNS BOUND . The covenants and agreements herein contained shall bind, and the rights hereunder shall inure to, the respective
successors and assigns of Beneficiary and Grantor. 

10.05 JOINT
AND SEVERAL LIABILITY . All covenants and agreements of Grantor (if more than one) shall be joint and several. 

10.06 AGENTS .
In exercising any rights hereunder or taking any actions provided for herein, Beneficiary may act through its employees, agents or independent
contractors as authorized by Beneficiary. 

Deed of Trust Page 18 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

10.07 GOVERNING
LAW . THIS DEED OF TRUST SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS AND THE
LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA APPLICABLE TO TRANSACTIONS IN THE STATE OF TEXAS. 

10.08 SEVERABILITY .
In the event that any provision of this Deed of Trust or the Note conflicts with applicable law, such conflict shall not affect other
provisions of this Deed of Trust or the Note which can be given effect without the conflicting provisions, and to this end the provisions
of this Deed of Trust and the Note are declared to be severable. 

10.09 USURY
DISCLAIMER . The term Maximum Lawful Rate means the maximum rate of interest and the term Maximum Lawful
Amount means the maximum amount of interest that is permissible under applicable state or federal law for the type of loan
evidenced by the Note and the other Loan Documents. Beneficiary does not intend to contract for, charge or receive more than the Maximum
Lawful Rate or Maximum Lawful Amount permitted by applicable state or federal law, and to prevent such an occurrence Beneficiary and
Grantor agree that all amounts of interest, whenever contracted for, charged or received by Beneficiary, with respect to the loan of
money evidenced by the Note or with respect to any other amount payable under this Deed of Trust or any of the other Loan Documents Interest ),
shall be spread, prorated or allocated over the full period of time the Note is unpaid, including the period of any renewal or extension
of the Note. If demand for payment of the Note is made by Beneficiary prior to the full stated term, the total amount of interest contracted
for, charged or received to the time of such demand shall be spread, prorated or allocated along with any interest thereafter accruing
over the full period of time that the Note thereafter remains unpaid for the purpose of determining if such Interest exceeds the Maximum
Lawful Amount. At maturity (including maturity due to Beneficiary s acceleration of the Note) or on earlier final payment of the
Note, Beneficiary shall compute the total amount of interest that has been contracted for, charged or received by Beneficiary or payable
by Grantor under the Note and compare such amount to the Maximum Lawful Amount that could have been contracted for, charged or received
by Beneficiary. If such computation reflects that the total amount of interest that has been contracted for, charged or received by Beneficiary
or payable by Grantor exceeds the Maximum Lawful Amount, then Beneficiary shall apply such excess to the reduction of the principal balance
and not to the payment of interest; or if such excess interest exceeds the unpaid principal balance, such excess shall be refunded to
Grantor. This provision concerning the crediting or refund or excess Interest shall control and take precedence over other agreements
between Grantor and Beneficiary so that under no circumstances shall the total interest contracted for, charged or received by Beneficiary
exceed the Maximum Lawful Amount. 

10.10 PARTIAL
INVALIDITY . In the event any portion of the sums intended to be secured by this Deed of Trust cannot be lawfully secured hereby,
payments in reduction of such sums shall be applied first to those portions not secured hereby. 

10.11 CAPTIONS .
The captions and headings of the Articles and Sections of this Deed of Trust are for convenience only and are not to be used to interpret
or define the terms and provisions of this Deed of Trust. 

10.12 DEFINITIONS .
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Deed of Trust shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Texas Business
 Commerce Code (the Code and the Note, as applicable, provided that in the event there is any inconsistency
or conflict between a definition set forth in the Code and the Note, the definition set forth in the Note shall apply. All references
to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful money of the United States of America. 

10.13
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . GRANTOR AND BENEFICIARY EACH WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN
ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS (i) UNDER THIS DEED OF TRUST OR ANY RELATED DOCUMENT OR UNDER ANY
AMENDMENT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT WHICH MAY IN THE FUTURE BE DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ANY RELATED DOCUMENT OR
(ii) ARISING FROM ANY BANKING RELATIONSHIP EXISTING IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, AND AGREES THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING WILL BE
TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY. GRANTOR AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT ASSERT ANY CLAIM AGAINST BENEFICIARY OR ANY OTHER PERSON
INDEMNIFIED UNDER THIS DEED OF TRUST ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES. 

Deed of Trust Page 19 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

10.14 FACT ACT CERTIFICATION . Grantor hereby acknowledges that Beneficiary may report information about the Indebtedness of Grantor to credit bureaus. Late payments, missed payments or other defaults on the Indebtedness may be reflected in Grantor s credit report. 

10.15 INCORPORATION
OF NOTICE OF FINAL AGREEMENT . It is the intention of Grantor, Guarantor and Beneficiary that the following NOTICE OF FINAL AGREEMENT
 be incorporated by reference into each of the Loan Documents (as the same may be amended, modified or restated from time to time).
Grantor, Guarantor and Beneficiary warrant and represent that the entire agreement made and existing by or among Grantor, Guarantor and
Beneficiary with respect to the Indebtedness is and shall be contained within the Loan Documents, and that no agreements or promises
exist or shall exist by or among, Grantor, Guarantor and Beneficiary that are not reflected in the Loan Documents. 

NOTICE
OF FINAL AGREEMENT 

THIS
DEED OF TRUST AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES, AND THE SAME MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY
EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN
THE PARTIES. 

NOTICE
OF INDEMNIFICATION 

GRANTOR
HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS DEED OF TRUST CONTAINS CERTAIN INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE
CONTAINED IN SECTIONS 4.09 AND 9.05 HEREOF) WHICH, IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, COULD INCLUDE AN INDEMNIFICATION BY GRANTOR OF BENEFICIARY
FROM CLAIMS OR LOSSES ARISING AS A RESULT OF BENEFICIARY S OWN NEGLIGENCE. 

REMAINDER
OF PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK 

Deed of Trust Page 20 Cycle Energy Services, Inc. and The Loev Law Firm, PC 

EXECUTED
 as of the date of the acknowledgements below, but to be effective as of the Effective Date. 

GRANTOR: 

Cycle
 Energy Services, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 
 Michael
 McLaren 

Title: 
 CEO 

STATE
OF TEXAS 

 COUNTY
OF HARRIS 

 This
instrument was acknowledged before me on May 12, 2023, by Michael McLaren, the CEO of Cycle Energy Services, Inc., a Texas corporation
on behalf of such entity. 

[SEAL] 

Notary
Public, State of Texas 

REMAINDER
OF PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK 

REMAINDER
OF PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK 

EXHIBIT
A 

 LEGAL DESCRIPTION 

EXHIBIT
B 

PERMITTED ENCUMBRANCES 

None. 

EXHIBIT
C 

 EXCEPTIONS
TO NON-HOMESTEAD CONFIRMATION 

None. 

</EX-10.54>

<EX-10.55>
 6
 ex10-55.htm

Exhibit 10.55 

Greentree
Financial Group, Inc. 
 FL
 Office 
 
 1000
 S. Pine Island Road, Suite 210 
 Plantation,
Florida 33324 
 Tel:
 954-424-2345 
 Fax:954-424-2230 
 
 NC
 Office 
 
 19720
 Jetton Road, 3 rd Floor 
 Cornelius,
NC 28301 
 Tel:
 704-892-8733 
 Fax:704-892-6487 

March
1, 2023 

PERSONAL
AND CONFIDENTIAL 

American
International Holdings Corp. 

 4131
N. Central Expressway, Suite 900 

 Dallas,
TX 75204 

 Attn:
Jacob D. Cohen Director 

Dear
Mr. Cohen: 

This
service agreement Agreement confirms the terms and conditions of the engagement of Greentree Financial Group, Inc. Greentree by American International Holdings Corp., a Nevada Corporation (the Company to render certain professional services to
the Company. 

1.
 Services . Greentree agrees to perform the following services: 

(a) Assist
 the Company with compliance filings for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the three quarters
 ended March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023, and September 30, 2023 Note : The Company will
 prepare initial set of Financials for each of the subsidiaries and Greentree will help with
 the consolidation structure and entries as well as assist with footnotes in conformity with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US GAAP )). 

(b) Review
 and advise the Company on the documents and accounting systems relating to its finances and
 transactions, with the purpose of bringing such documents and systems into compliance with
 US GAAP or disclosures required by US Securities and Exchange Commission. 

(c) Provide
 necessary consulting services and support as a liaison for the Company to third- party service
 providers, including coordination amongst the Company and their related attorneys, CPAs and
 the transfer agent. 

(d) Preparation
 of the 2022 US Corporate income tax returns (consolidated) for the Company. 

Client initials:____ www.gtfinancial.com 

Greentree
 Financial Group, Inc. 
 
 FL
 Office 
 
 1000
 S. Pine Island Road, Suite 210 
 Plantation,
Florida 33324 
 Tel:
 954-424-2345 
 Fax:954-424-2230 
 
 NC
 Office 
 
 19720
 Jetton Road, 3 rd Floor 
 Cornelius,
NC 28301 
 Tel:
 704-892-8733 
 Fax:704-892-6487 

2. Fees .
The Company agrees to pay Greentree for its services an upfront professional service fee Service Fee of 120,000, of
which 20,000 shall be paid in cash during the Term, payable as follow. Greentree may elect to fund its 100,000 Service Fee through
the issuance of a Promissory Note in favor of Greentree upon signing this Agreement (See Exhibit B) (the Promissory Note ),
in which case the 100,000 Service Fee shall be treated as paid in full upon Greentree s receipt of the Promissory Note and all
obligations of the Company to pay the Service Fee shall be considered satisfied. 

(a) A
 payment of 10,000 shall be made in cash via wire upon signing this Agreement; 
 
 (b) A payment of 10,000 shall
be made in cash via wire on or before March 31, 2023; 

Note: 

i. Service
 Fee shall be deemed fully earned upon signing this Agreement. 

ii. In
 addition to any fees that may be payable to Greentree under this Agreement, the Company agrees
 to reimburse Greentree, upon request made from time to time, for its reasonable out-of-pocket
 expenses incurred in connection with Greentree s activities under this Agreement, including
 the reasonable fees and disbursements of its legal counsel. All such fees, expenses and costs
 will be billed at any time by Greentree and are payable by the Company when invoiced. Upon
 expiration of the Agreement any unreimbursed fees and expenses will be immediately due and
 payable. 

3. Term .
The term of this Agreement shall commence on signing of this Agreement and end on December 31, 2023 (the Term ). This Agreement
may be renewed upon mutual written agreement of the parties hereto. This agreement may be terminated by the Company prior to its expiration
or services being rendered with 45 days prior written notice to Greentree. Any obligation pursuant to this Paragraph 3, and pursuant
to Paragraphs 2 (payment of fees), 4 (indemnification), 5 (matters relating to engagement), 7 (governing law); 8 (attorney fees) and
11 (miscellaneous) hereof, shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. As stated in the foregoing sentence, the parties
specifically agree that in the event the Company terminates this Agreement prior to expiration of the Term, the full Service Fee shall
become immediately due and payable. 

Client initials:____ www.gtfinancial.com 

Greentree
 Financial Group, Inc. 
 
 FL
 Office 
 
 1000
 S. Pine Island Road, Suite 210 
 Plantation,
Florida 33324 
 Tel:
 954-424-2345 
 Fax:954-424-2230 
 
 NC
 Office 
 
 19720
 Jetton Road, 3 rd Floor 
 Cornelius,
NC 28301 
 Tel:
 704-892-8733 
 Fax:704-892-6487 

4. Indemnification .
In addition to the payment of fees and reimbursement of fees and expenses provided for above, the Company agrees to indemnify Greentree
and its affiliates with regard to the matters contemplated herein, as set forth in Exhibit A, attached hereto, which is incorporated
by reference as if fully set forth herein. 

5. Matters
Relating to Engagement . The Company acknowledges that Greentree has been retained solely to provide the services set forth in this
Agreement. 

In
rendering such services, Greentree shall act as an independent contractor, and any duties of Greentree arising out of its engagement
hereunder shall be owed solely to the Company. The Company further acknowledges that Greentree may perform certain of the services described
herein through one or more of its affiliates. 

The
Company acknowledges that Greentree is a consulting firm that is engaged in providing consulting services. The Company acknowledges and
agrees that in connection with the performance of Greentree s services hereunder (or any other services) that neither Greentree
nor any of its employees will be providing the Company with legal, tax or accounting advice or guidance (and no advice or guidance provided
by Greentree or its employees to the Company should be construed as such) and that neither Greentree nor its employees hold itself or
themselves out to be advisors as to legal, tax, accounting or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction. Greentree may retain attorneys
and accountants that are for Greentree s benefit, and Greentree may recommend a particular law firm or accounting firm to be engaged
by the Company and may pay the legal expenses or accounting expenses associated with that referral on behalf of the Company, after full
disclosure to the Company and the Company s consent that Greentree make such payment on its behalf. However, Greentree makes no
recommendation as to the outcome of such referrals. The Company shall consult with its own legal, tax, accounting and other advisors
concerning all matters and advice rendered by Greentree to the Company, and the Company shall be responsible for making its own independent
investigation and appraisal of the risks, benefits and suitability of the advice and guidance given by Greentree to the Company. Neither
Greentree nor its employees shall have any responsibility or liability whatsoever to the Company or its affiliates with respect thereto. 

Client initials:____ www.gtfinancial.com 

Greentree
 Financial Group, Inc. 
 
 FL
 Office 
 
 1000
 S. Pine Island Road, Suite 210 
 Plantation,
Florida 33324 
 Tel:
 954-424-2345 
 Fax:954-424-2230 
 
 NC
 Office 
 
 19720
 Jetton Road, 3 rd Floor 
 Cornelius,
NC 28301 
 Tel:
 704-892-8733 
 Fax:704-892-6487 

The
Company recognizes and confirms that in performing its duties pursuant to this Agreement, Greentree will be using and relying on data,
material, and other information furnished by the Company, a third party provider, or their respective employees and representatives the
Information ). The Company will cooperate with Greentree and will furnish Greentree with all Information concerning the Company
and any financial information or organizational or transactional information which Greentree deems appropriate, and Company will provide
Greentree with access to the Company s officers, directors, employees, independent accountants and legal counsel for the purpose
of performing Greentree s obligations pursuant to this Agreement. 

The
Company hereby agrees and represents that all Information furnished to Greentree pursuant to this Agreement shall be accurate and complete
in all material respects at the time provided, and that, if the Information becomes materially inaccurate, incomplete or misleading during
the term of Greentree s engagement hereunder, the Company shall promptly advise Greentree in writing. Accordingly, Greentree assumes
no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the Information. In rendering its services, Greentree will be using and relying
upon the Information without independent verification evaluation thereof. 

6. Representations
and Warranties by Greentree . Greentree, by its acceptance of the Promissory Note, represents and warrants to Company as follows: 

(a) Greentree
is acquiring the Promissory Note with the intent to hold as an investment and not with a view of distribution. 

(b) Greentree
is an accredited investor within the definition contained in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ), and is acquiring the Promissory Note for its own account, for investment, and not with a view to,
or for sale in connection with, the distribution thereof or of any interest therein. Greentree has adequate net worth and means of providing
for its current needs and contingencies and is able to sustain a complete loss of the investment in the Promissory Note, and has no need
for liquidity in such investment. Greentree, itself or through its officers, employees or agents, has sufficient knowledge and experience
in financial and business matters to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment such as an investment in the Promissory
Note, and Greentree, either alone or through its officers, employees or agents, has evaluated the merits and risks of the investment
in the Promissory Note. 

Client initials:____ www.gtfinancial.com 

Greentree
 Financial Group, Inc. 
 
 FL
 Office 
 
 1000
 S. Pine Island Road, Suite 210 
 Plantation,
Florida 33324 
 Tel:
 954-424-2345 
 Fax:954-424-2230 
 
 NC
 Office 
 
 19720
 Jetton Road, 3 rd Floor 
 Cornelius,
NC 28301 
 Tel:
 704-892-8733 
 Fax:704-892-6487 

(c) Greentree
acknowledges and agrees that it is acquiring the Promissory Note hereunder based upon its own inspection, examination and determination
with respect thereto as to all matters, and without reliance upon any express or implied representations or warranties of any nature,
whether in writing, orally or otherwise, made by or on behalf of or imputed to the Company. 

(d) Greentree
has no contract, arrangement or understanding with any broker, finder, investment bank, financial intermediary or similar agent with
respect to any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(e) Greentree
understands that in lieu of this Promissory Note, Greentree has the right to receive an up-front cash payment prior to Greentree rendering
services to the Company pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. It is further acknowledged and agreed that the value of the Promissory Note,
at any given time, could be less than the value of the Service Fee had Greentree elected an up-front payment, and Greentree accepts the
investment risk associated therewith. 

7. Governing
Law and Consent to Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida,
without regard to conflict of laws provisions. All disputes arising out of or in connection with this agreement, or in respect of any
legal relationship associated with or derived from this agreement, shall only be heard in any competent court residing in Broward County
Florida. Company agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions
by suit on the judgment or in any manner provided by law. The Company further waives any objection to venue in any such action or proceeding
on the basis of inconvenient forum. The Company agrees that any action on or proceeding brought against the Greentree shall only be brought
in such courts. 

8. Attorney
Fees . In the event Greentree hereof shall refer this Agreement to an attorney to enforce the terms hereof, the Company agrees to
pay all the costs and expenses incurred in attempting or effecting the enforcement of the Greentree s rights, including reasonable
attorney s fees, whether or not suit is instituted. 

9. No
Brokers . The Company represents and warrants to Greentree that there are no brokers, representatives or other persons which have
an interest in compensation due to Greentree from any services contemplated herein. 

Client initials:____ www.gtfinancial.com 

Greentree
 Financial Group, Inc. 
 
 FL
 Office 
 
 1000
 S. Pine Island Road, Suite 210 
 Plantation,
Florida 33324 
 Tel:
 954-424-2345 
 Fax:954-424-2230 
 
 NC
 Office 
 
 19720
 Jetton Road, 3 rd Floor 
 Cornelius,
NC 28301 
 Tel:
 704-892-8733 
 Fax:704-892-6487 

10. Authorization .
The Company and Greentree represent and warrant that each has all requisite power and authority, and all necessary authorizations, to
enter into and carry out the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement does
not breach or conflict with any agreement, document or instrument (including contracts, wills, agreements, records and wire receipts,
etc.) to which it is a party or bound. 

11. Miscellaneous .
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and agreement between the Company and Greentree with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior understandings or agreements between the parties with respect thereto, whether oral or written, express
or implied. Any amendments or modifications must be executed in writing by both parties. This Agreement and all rights, liabilities and
obligations hereunder shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each party s successors but may not be assigned without
the prior written approval of the other party. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held or made invalid by a statute, rule, regulation,
decision of a tribunal or otherwise, the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby and, to this extent, the provisions
of this Agreement shall be deemed to be severable. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed to be an original, but such counterparts shall, together, constitute only one instrument. The descriptive headings of the Paragraphs
of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement. 

Please
confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth our agreement by signing below in the space provided and returning this Agreement to
Greentree for execution, which shall constitute a binding agreement as of the date first above written. 

Thank
you. We look forward to a mutually rewarding relationship. 

GREENTREE
 FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 
 AMERICAN
 INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS CORP. 

By:

By: 

Name:
 
 R.
 Chris Cottone 
 
 Name:
 
 Jacob
 D. Cohen 
 
 Title: 
 Vice
 President 
 
 Title: 
 Director 

Client initials:____ www.gtfinancial.com 

Greentree
 Financial Group, Inc. 
 
 FL
 Office 
 
 1000
 S. Pine Island Road, Suite 210 
 Plantation,
Florida 33324 
 Tel:
 954-424-2345 
 Fax:954-424-2230 
 
 NC
 Office 
 
 19720
 Jetton Road, 3 rd Floor 
 Cornelius,
NC 28301 
 Tel:
 704-892-8733 
 Fax:704-892-6487 

EXHIBIT
A: INDEMNIFICATION 

The
Company agrees to indemnify Greentree, its employees, directors, officers, agents, affiliates, and each person, if any, who controls
it within the meaning of either Section 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 (each such
person, including Greentree is referred to as Indemnified Party from and against any losses, claims, damages and liabilities,
joint or several (including all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by an Indemnified Party in connection with the preparation
for or defense of any threatened or pending claim, action or proceeding, whether or not resulting in any liability) Damages ),
to which such Indemnified Party, in connection with providing its services or arising out of its engagement hereunder, may become subject
under any applicable Federal or state law or otherwise, including but not limited to liability or loss (i) caused by or arising out of
an untrue statement or an alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact necessary
in order to make a statement not misleading in light of the circumstances under which it was made, (ii) caused by or arising out of any
act or failure to act, or (iii) arising out of Greentree s engagement or the rendering by any Indemnified Party of its services
under this Agreement; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable to the Indemnified Party hereunder to the extent that any
Damages are found in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence
or willful misconduct of the Indemnified Party seeking indemnification hereunder. 

These
indemnification provisions shall be in addition to any liability which the Company may otherwise have to any Indemnified Party. 

If
for any reason, other than a final non-appealable judgment finding an Indemnified Party liable for Damages for its gross negligence or
willful misconduct the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless,
then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by an Indemnified Party as a result of such Damages in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by the Company and its shareholders on the one hand and the Indemnified
Party on the other, but also the relative fault of the Company and the Indemnified Party as well as any relevant equitable considerations. 

Client initials:____ www.gtfinancial.com 

Greentree
 Financial Group, Inc. 
 
 FL
 Office 
 
 1000
 S. Pine Island Road, Suite 210 
 Plantation,
Florida 33324 
 Tel:
 954-424-2345 
 Fax:954-424-2230 
 
 NC
 Office 
 
 19720
 Jetton Road, 3 rd Floor 
 Cornelius,
NC 28301 
 Tel:
 704-892-8733 
 Fax:704-892-6487 

Promptly
after receipt by the Indemnified Party of notice of any claim or of the commencement of any action in respect of which indemnity may
be sought, the Indemnified Party will notify the Company in writing of the receipt or commencement thereof and the Company shall have
the right to assume the defense of such claim or action (including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified
Party and the payment of fees and expenses of such counsel), provided that the Indemnified Party shall have the right to control its
defense if, in the opinion of its counsel, the Indemnified Party s defense is unique or separate to it as the case may be, as opposed
to a defense pertaining to the Company. In any event, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, at the Company s sole expense, to represent it in any claim or action in respect of which indemnity may be sought
and agrees to cooperate with the Company and the Company s counsel in the defense of such claim or action. In the event that the
Company does not promptly assume the defense of a claim or action, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ counsel to defend
such claim or action. Any obligation pursuant to this Annex shall survive the termination or expiration of the Agreement 

AMERICAN
INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS CORP. 

By:

Name:
 
 Jacob
 D. Cohen 

Title: 
 Director 

AGREED
TO AND ACCEPTED 

 DATE: MARCH 1, 2023 

Client initials:____ www.gtfinancial.com 

</EX-10.55>

<EX-10.56>
 7
 ex10-56.htm

Exhibit
10.56 

Exhibit
B 

THESE
SECURITIES AND THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THEY CONVERT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
NOR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND COMPANY RESTRICTIONS. 

CONVERTIBLE
PROMISSORY NOTE 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS CORP., a Nevada corporation, its successors and assigns (the Company promises
to pay to the order of Greentree Financial Group, Inc., a Florida corporation Holder ), in immediately available funds,
the aggregate principal amount set forth below (the Principal Amount ), plus all accrued interest thereon, in accordance
with the terms of this Convertible Promissory Note Note ). 

EFFECTIVE
 DATE: 
 March
 1, 2023 

PRINCIPAL
 AMOUNT: 
 100,000 

MATURITY
 DATE: 
 March
 1, 2024 

1. INCORPORATION .
 This Note is being issued pursuant to the terms of that certain Financial Advisory Agreement,
 dated as of March 1, 2023 by and between the Company and the Holder (the Advisory
 Agreement ). If not otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms herein shall have
 the meanings given to them in the Advisory Agreement. Further, all of the terms, representations,
 warranties, agreements, covenants and conditions set forth in the Advisory Agreement are
 incorporated herein by reference. To the extent that there is a conflict between any condition,
 term or provision of this Note and the Advisory Agreement, the conditions, terms, and provisions
 set forth herein shall specifically supersede the conflicting conditions, provisions and/or
 terms in the Advisory Agreement. 

2. PAYMENT.
 All outstanding principal shall be due one year from the Effective Date Maturity
 Date ). If at the Maturity Date all or a portion of the Note has not been converted
 into common stock of the Company, the Company shall have three (3) days after the Maturity
 Date to deliver payment of the balance of the Note to the Holder. Payment shall be made at
 Holder s address at 1000 S. Pine Island Road, Suite 210, Plantation, FL 33324, or as
 otherwise directed by Holder. 

3. INTEREST.
 Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note at the annual rate
 of twelve percent (12 until the entire Principal Amount is paid in full. Interest shall
 not be compounded and shall be computed on the basis of a three hundred sixty (360) day year
 comprised of twelve (12) months of thirty (30) days each, with any calculation based upon
 a partial month of less than thirty (30) days based on actual days lapsed. The Company will
 make interest payments quarterly, with the first interest payment due three (3) months from
 the Effective Date hereof and on each 3 months from such date until all interest and outstanding
 principal is paid in full. 

Initial:_____ 1 of 7 

4. PREPAYMENT.
 The Company may, at its option, at any time and from time to time, prepay all or any
 part of the principal balance of this Note before the Maturity Date, with a penalty or premium
 equal to 20 of the sum of any outstanding Principal and any interest accrued as of the prepayment
 date; provided , that it shall provide Holder with fifteen (15) days advanced
 written notice of its intent to prepay this Note. Holder shall have the option to elect to
 convert this Note per the terms of this Note and the Advisory Agreement at any time prior
 to the Company s prepayment. Any partial prepayments would be applied to accrued interest
 balance first. 

5. REORGANIZATION.
 In case of any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other corporation,
 entity or person, or any other corporate reorganization, in which the Company shall not be
 the continuing or surviving entity of such consolidation, merger or reorganization (any such
 transaction being hereinafter referred to as a Reorganization ), then, in each
 case, the Holder of this Note, on conversion hereof at any time after the consummation or
 effective date of such Reorganization (the Reorganization Date ), shall receive,
 in lieu of the shares of stock or other securities at any time issuable upon the conversion
 of this Note issuable on such conversion prior to the Reorganization Date, the stock and
 other securities and property (including cash) to which such Holder would have been entitled
 upon the Reorganization Date if such Holder had converted this Note immediately prior thereto.
 The Company shall ensure that the surviving entity in any Reorganization specifically assumes
 the Company s obligations under this Note and the Advisory Agreement. 

6. CONVERSION . 

a) Upon
 written notice Conversion Notice ), at any time or from time to time, six (6)
 months after the Closing, the Holder at its sole option, may convert the outstanding Principal
 Amount of this Note, or any portion of the Principal Amount hereof, and any accrued interest,
 in whole or in part, into shares of the common stock of the Company (the Common Stock ).
 Any amount so converted will be converted into common stock of the Company at a conversion
 price equal to 0.01 per share or 50 of the lowest trading prices on the primary
 trading market on which the Company s Common Stock is quoted for the last twenty
 (20) trading days immediately prior to but not including the Conversion Date, whichever
 is lower (the Conversion Price ). Notwithstanding any other provision of this
 Note, the Holder may not convert this Note if such conversion would cause Holder s
 beneficial ownership (as defined by Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
 as amended) of the Company to exceed 4.9 of its total issued and outstanding common or voting
 shares. Upon not less than sixty-one (61) days advance written notice, at any time or from
 time to time, the Holder at its sole discretion, may waive this 4.9 conversion limit. However,
 the Holder agrees not to convert this Note if such conversion would cause Holder s
 beneficial ownership (as defined by Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
 as amended) of the Company to exceed 9.9 of its total issued and outstanding common or voting
 shares. Any common shares converted under this Note need to be delivered to the Holder within
 three (3) business days of the receipt of Conversion Notice. 

7. CONVERSION
 COST. The Company agrees to reimburse the Holder s certificate processing cost
 by adding 1,500 to the Principal for each note conversion effected by Holder. 

Initial:_____ 2 of 7 

8. COMMON
 SHARE ISSUANCE. Upon receipt by the Company of a written request from Holder to convert
 any amount due under any Note, subject to any limitations on conversion contained in any
 Note, the Company shall have three (3) business days Delivery Date to request
 issuance of the shares of Common Stock rightfully listed in such request. If the Company
 fails to timely deliver the shares through willful failure or deliberate hindrance, the Company
 shall pay to Holder in immediately available funds 1,000.00 per day past the Delivery Date
 that the shares are actually issued. Any amounts due under this Section shall be paid by
 the fifth (5th) day of the month following the month in which they accrued or, at the option
 of Holder, may be added to the principal under any Note. The Company agrees that the right
 to convert the Notes is a valuable right to Holder and a material consideration of it entering
 this Agreement. The parties agree that it would be impracticable and extremely difficult
 to ascertain the amount of actual damages caused by a failure of the Company to timely deliver
 shares as required hereby. Therefore, the parties agree that the foregoing liquidated damages
 provision represents reasonable compensation for the loss which would be incurred by the
 Holder due to any such breach. The parties agree that this Section is not intended to in
 any way limit Holder s right to pursue other remedies, including actual damages and/or
 equitable relief. 

9. ADJUSTMENTS. 

a) In
 case the Company shall at any time prior to the conversion of the Note, or the maturity of
 the Note, whichever first occurs, effect a recapitalization or reclassification of such character
 that its Common Stock shall be changed into or become exchangeable for a larger number of
 shares, then, then the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect any such
 event. There shall be no adjustment to the Conversion Price of the Promissory Note in the
 event of a reverse stock split or other reduction in the Company s shares. 

b) If
 at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock, options to purchase Common
 Stock, securities convertible into Common Stock or rights relating to Common Stock (the Purchase
 Rights to any person, entity, association, or other organization other than the Holder,
 at a price per share less than the Conversion Price, then the Conversion Price hereof shall
 be proportionately reduced to match the price per share of the Purchase Rights. For purposes
 of clarification, if the Company sells Common Stock at 0.005 per share at any time after
 the date hereof, and if 0.005 is lower than 50 of the lowest trading prices on the primary
 trading market on which the Company s Common Stock is quoted for the last twenty (20)
 trading days immediately prior to but not including the Conversion Date, then the Conversion
 Price of Holder s Converted Shares would be adjusted to 0.005. 

10. DEFAULT.
 The occurrence of any one of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default: 

a) The
 non-payment, when due or upon demand, of any principal or interest pursuant to this Note; 

b) The
 material breach of any representation or warranty in the Advisory Agreement; 

c) The
 breach of any material covenant or undertaking herein or therein the Advisory Agreement; 

Initial:_____ 3 of 7 

d) The
 commencement by the Company of any voluntary proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization,
 arrangement, insolvency, readjustment of debt, receivership, dissolution, or liquidation
 law or statute of any jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter in effect; or the adjudication
 of the Company as insolvent or bankrupt by a decree of a court of competent jurisdiction;
 or the petition or application by the Company for, acquiescence in, or consent by the Company
 to, the appointment of any receiver or trustee for the Company or for all or a substantial
 part of the property of the Company; or the assignment by the Company for the benefit of
 creditors; or the written admission of the Company of its inability to pay its debts as they
 mature; 

e) The
 commencement against the Company of any proceeding relating to the Company under any bankruptcy,
 reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, adjustment of debt, receivership, dissolution or
 liquidation law or statute of any jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter in effect, provided,
 however, that the commencement of such a proceeding shall not constitute an Event of Default
 unless the Company consents to the same or admits in writing the material allegations of
 same, or said proceeding shall remain undismissed for 20 days; or the issuance of any order,
 judgment or decree for the appointment of a receiver or trustee for the Company or for all
 or a substantial part of the property of the Company, which order, judgment or decree remains
 undismissed for 20 days; or a warrant of attachment, execution, or similar process shall
 be issued against any substantial part of the property of the Company; 

f) The
 Company liquidates, transfers, sells or assigns substantially all of its assets or elects
 to wind down its operations or dissolve; 

g) The
 Company fails to maintain irrevocable TA instruction or file with the Company s transfer
 agent; 

h) Company
 fails to maintain DTC or DWAC eligibility; 

i) The
 Company fails to deliver the Holder the shares of Common Stock rightfully listed in the Conversion
 Notice within three (3) business days provide however that if the Company gives timely instructions
 to issues to its transfer agent, this shall not apply; 

j) The
 Company defaults on any other debt or warrant agreement exceeding a value of 50,000; 

k) The
 Company breaches any other agreement it has with Holder or his assigns; 

l) The
 Company interferes with Holder s or its assigns efforts to remove the restrictive
 legend from the Common Stock issued as a result of conversion of the Note when Holder or
 his assign has provided an attorney opinion letter opining that the shares are eligible to
 have the legend removed pursuant to Rule 144 or otherwise. 

Initial:_____ 4 of 7 

There
will be no cure period available for the Event of Default as defined in Section 10(d) and 10(e); Upon the occurrence of any Event of
Default, and provided such Event of Default as defined in Section 10(a) through 10(c), and 10(f) through 10(l), has not been cured by
the Company within five (5) business days after the occurrence of such Event of Default (except a payment default of any interest, principal
and/or other amount when due, of which no cure period is available), the Holder, may, by written notice to the Company, declare all or
any portion of the unpaid Principal Amount due to Holder, together with all accrued interest thereon, immediately due and payable (without
advanced notice as may otherwise by required hereunder); provided that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default as set forth in paragraph
(d) or paragraph (e) hereof, all or any portion of the unpaid Principal Amount due to Holder, together with all accrued interest thereon,
shall immediately become due and payable without any such notice. Holder shall also have all other remedies available under law and equity.
There shall be a default charge equal to 20 of the sum of any unpaid principal plus any interest accrued as of the default date. 

In
the event that Holder at its sole discretion elects to allow the Company to continue with repayment of the principal and interest on
this Note after an Event of Default, the interest rate on the unpaid principal of this Note will change to 20 or the highest interest
rate currently allowable under Nevada law for loans of this amount (the Default Interest Rate ). In the event of any changes
under Nevada law relating to the increases or decreases of allowable interest rates, this Note will be changed to the highest amount
allowable under Nevada law without notification or further ratification. As of the date of Default or any Event of Default, assuming
the Holder allows reinstatement or continuation of this Note, the Default Interest Rate shall become the new rate of interest on this
Note. 

Any
payments that the Holder allows under this section shall be made through a wire transfer of funds or Certified Check. 

Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Holder at any time, at its sole discretion, may elect to immediately (without prior notice)
convert the outstanding Principal Amount of this Note, or any portion of the Principal Amount hereof, and any accrued interest, in whole
or in part, into shares of the Common Stock, according to the terms of this Note. 

11. NOTICE.
 Any and all notices, demands, advance requests or other communications required or desired
 to be given hereunder by any party shall be in writing and shall be validly given or made
 to another party if (i) personally served, (ii) sent by email on the date such email is sent
 (provided confirmation of such email being sent is provided upon request) (iii) deposited
 in the United States mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or (iv) by facsimile
 with confirmation receipt. Notice hereunder is to be given as follows: 

If
to the Company: 

4131
N. Central Expressway, Suite 900 

 Dallas,
TX 75204 

 Attn:
Jacob D. Cohen 

If
to the Holder: 

Greentree
Financial Group, Inc. 

 1000
S. Pine Island Road, Suite 210 

 Plantation,
Florida 33324 

 Attn:
R. Chris Cottone 

Initial:_____ 5 of 7 

12. REPRESENTATIONS
 AND WARRANTIES BY HOLDER . Holder, by its acceptance of this Note, represents and warrants
 to Company as follows: 

(a)
Holder is acquiring the Security with the intent to hold as an investment and not with a view of distribution. 

(b)
Holder is an accredited investor within the definition contained in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ), and is acquiring the Security for its own account, for investment, and not with a view to,
or for sale in connection with, the distribution thereof or of any interest therein. Holder has adequate net worth and means of providing
for its current needs and contingencies and is able to sustain a complete loss of the investment in the Security, and has no need for
liquidity in such investment. Holder, itself or through its officers, employees or agents, has sufficient knowledge and experience in
financial and business matters to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment such as an investment in the Securities,
and Holder, either alone or through its officers, employees or agents, has evaluated the merits and risks of the investment in the Security. 

(c)
Holder acknowledges and agrees that it is purchasing the Security hereunder based upon its own inspection, examination and determination
with respect thereto as to all matters, and without reliance upon any express or implied representations or warranties of any nature,
whether in writing, orally or otherwise, made by or on behalf of or imputed to the Company. 

(d)
Holder has no contract, arrangement or understanding with any broker, finder, investment bank, financial intermediary or similar agent
with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(e)
Holder understands that in lieu of this Note, Holder has the right to receive an up-front cash payment prior to Holder rendering services
to the Company pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. By acceptance of this Note, Holder agrees that it will loan the Company its services
fee and close out the Company s account receivable with the Holder and hold only such interests in the Company as granted by this
Note and the other securities into which it may be converted. It is further acknowledged and agreed that the value of this Note, or the
securities into which it may be converted, at any given time, could be less than the value of the service fee had Holder elected an up-front
payment, and Holder accepts the investment risk associated therewith. 

13. SUCCESSION
 AND ASSIGNABILITY . This Note shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
 hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. The Holder may assign any of
 his or its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder on his or its own discretion without
 further approval from the Company. 

14. GOVERNING
 LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION . This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance
 with the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to conflict of law provisions. All disputes
 arising out of or in connection with this Note, or in respect of any legal relationship associated
 with or derived from this Note, shall only be heard in any competent court residing in Clark
 County, Nevada. The Company agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding
 shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or
 in any manner provided by law. The Company further waives any objection to venue in any such
 action or proceeding on the basis of inconvenient forum. The Company agrees that any action
 on or proceeding brought against the Holder shall only be brought in such courts. 

Initial:_____ 6 of 7 

15. ATTORNEYS
 FEES. In the event the Holder hereof shall refer this Note to an attorney to enforce
 the terms hereof, the Company agrees to pay all the costs and expenses incurred in attempting
 or effecting the enforcement of the Holder s rights, including reasonable attorney s
 fees, whether or not suit is instituted. 

16. CONFORMITY
 WITHLAW. It is the intention of the Company and of the Holder to conform strictly to
 applicable usury and similar laws. Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
 in this Note, it is agreed that the aggregate of all charges which constitute interest under
 applicable usury and similar laws that are contracted for, chargeable or receivable under
 or in respect of this Note, shall under no circumstances exceed the maximum amount of interest
 permitted by such laws, and any excess, whether occasioned by acceleration or maturity of
 this Note or otherwise, shall be canceled automatically, and if theretofore paid, shall be
 either refunded to the Company or credited on the Principal Amount of this Note. 

17. SEVERABILITY .
 If any portion of this Note is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid
 or unenforceable, such portion shall be deemed severed from this Note, and the remaining
 part shall remain in full force and effect as if no such invalid or unenforceable provisions
 had been a part of this Note. 

18. WAIVER.
 Holder shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Note unless such waiver
 is given in a dated writing signed by Holder. No delay or omission on the part of Holder
 in exercising any right pursuant to this Note shall operate as a waiver of such right or
 any other right. A waiver by Holder of any provision of this Note or of any rights against
 any individual, entity or collateral shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of strict
 compliance of any other provision of this Note by any other individual or entity. No prior
 waiver by Holder or course of dealing between Holder and any individual or entity collectively
 constituting the Company shall constitute a waiver of any rights of Holder or of any obligations
 pursuant to this Note. 

19. This
 Note and the Advisory Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the parties relating
 to the subject matter hereof, and may not be altered or amended except by written agreement
 signed by the parties. 

In
witness whereof, the below parties signed and sealed this Note as of above date written. 

AMERICAN
 INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS CORP. 

COMPANY 

By: 

Name:
 
 Jacob
 D. Cohen 

Title: 
 Director 

GREENTREE
 FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

HOLDER 

By: 

Name: 
 R.
 Chris Cottone 

Title: 
 Vice
 President 

Initial:_____ 7 of 7 

</EX-10.56>

<EX-21.1>
 8
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries 

Name 
 
 State
 of Formation 
 
 Type
 of Entity 
 
 Percent
 Owned 
 
 VISSIA
 McKinney, LLC (f/k/a Novopelle Diamond, LLC) 
 
 Texas 
 
 Limited
 Liability Company 
 
 100 
 
 VISSIA
 Waterway, Inc. (f/k/a Novopelle Waterway, Inc.) 
 
 Texas 
 
 Corporation 
 
 100 
 
 Capitol
 City Solutions USA, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Corporation 
 
 100 
 
 Legend
 Nutrition, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Corporation 
 
 100 
 
 Novopelle
 Tyler, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Corporation 
 
 100 
 
 Cycle
 Energy Corp. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Corporation 
 
 100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of American International Holdings Corp. (the Company on Form S-8 (File No. 333-236882), of our report dated June 9, 2023, with respect our audits of the consolidated financial statements
of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and for the year ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
 Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. 

Turner,
 Stone Company, L.L.P. 

Dallas,
 Texas 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 10
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit 23.2 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of American International Holdings Corp. (the Company on Form S-8 (File No. 333-236882), of our of our report dated March 29, 2022, with respect our audits of the consolidated financial statements
of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and for the year ended December 31, 2021, which report is included in the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ M K CPAS, PLLC 

www.mkacpas.com 

Houston, Texas 

June 9, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Michael McLaren, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report of American International Holdings Corp. on Form 10-K; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
June 9, 2023 

/s/
 Michael McLaren 

Michael
 McLaren 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Accounting/Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
James Pendergast, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report of American International Holdings Corp. on Form 10-K; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
June 9, 2023 

/s/
 James Pendergast 

James
 Pendergast 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Accounting/Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Michael McLaren, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of American International Holdings Corp. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report
on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of American International Holdings
Corp. at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date:
June 9, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Michael McLaren 

Name: 
 Michael
 McLaren 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 14
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATIONS
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
James Pendergast, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of American International Holdings Corp. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report
on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of American International Holdings
Corp. at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date:
June 9, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 James Pendergast 

Name: 
 James
 Pendergast 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Accounting/Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 20
 amih-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 22
 amih-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 23
 amih-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 24
 amih-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

