<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1845550_0001193125-23-103685.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5350160</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>438649</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>900808</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1419582</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1261092</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1195383</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-103685.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417163124
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-103685
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Alpha Partners Technology Merger Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001845550
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40677
		FILM NUMBER:		23824330

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		EMPIRE STATE BUILDING
		STREET 2:		20 WEST 34TH STREET, SUITE 4215
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-906-4480

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		228 PARK AVENUE SOUTH
		STREET 2:		PMB 84483
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003-1502

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-103685.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 d444687d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from 
 to 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of

 incorporation or organization)

(IRS Employer

 Identification No.)

, 

 , NY 

10001

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading

 Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange

 on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer,
 accelerated filer,
 smaller reporting company,
 and emerging growth company
 in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
 of the registrant, computed as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately . 
 The registrant s units began trading on Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq on July 28, 2021 and the registrant s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001, and warrants began trading on the Nasdaq on September 23, 2021. 
 There were Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares of the registrant outstanding on April 14, 2023.

Auditor Firm Id: 
 
 Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 None. 

Table of Contents 

ALPHA PARTNERS TECHNOLOGY MERGER CORP. TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

1 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

14 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

47 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

47 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

47 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

47 

PART II 

48 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholders Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

48 

Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 

48 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

49 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

54 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

54 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

54 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

54 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

55 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

55 

PART III 

56 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

56 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

67 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

68 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

71 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

72 

PART IV 

73 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

73 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

74 
 
 References to the Company, Alpha, our, us or we refer to Alpha Partners Technology Merger Corp., a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on February 5, 2021 and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K as our initial business combination. References to our Sponsor refer to Alpha Partners Technology Merger Sponsor LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. References to equity-linked securities are to any securities of the Company which are convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, equity securities of the Company, including any securities issued by the Company which are pledged to secure any obligation of any holder to purchase equity securities of the Company. References to the SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. References to public shares are to shares of our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. References to public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares. References to public warrants are to shares of our warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. 

Table of Contents 

ALPHA PARTNERS TECHNOLOGY MERGER CORP. TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND SUMMARY RISK FACTORS Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Report or Annual Report may constitute forward looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future and the statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, , plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward looking. Forward looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officer, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officer and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account described below or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance. The forward looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

Table of Contents 

PART I References in this report to we, us or the Company refer to Alpha Partners Technology Merger Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Alpha Partners Technology Merger Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References to our initial shareholders refer to the holders of Founder Shares. 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS. Introduction We are a blank check company incorporated on February 5, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination ). We will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region in our identification and acquisition of a prospective partner company. Our sponsor is Alpha Partners Technology Merger Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for our initial public offering IPO, Initial Public Offering or the public offering was declared effective on July 27, 2021. On July 30, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 25,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 250.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 13.75 million, of which 8.75 million was for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 4 to our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022). We granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 3,750,000 Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any. On August 3, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional 3,250,000 Units (the Over-Allotment Units occurred on August 5, 2021. The issuance by the Company of the Over-Allotment Units at a price of 10.00 per unit resulted in total gross proceeds of approximately 32.5 million (the Over-Allotment Proceeds ). Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the private placement (the Private Placement of 800,000 units (each, a Private Placement Unit and collectively, the Private Placement Units ), at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit with the Sponsor and anchor investors, generating gross proceeds of 8.0 million (see Note 4 to our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022). Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the private placement with the Sponsor of 65,000 units (the Additional Private Placement Units ), generating total proceeds of 650,000 (the Private Placement Proceeds and, together with the Over-Allotment Unit Proceeds , the Proceeds ). Upon the closing of the IPO and the Private Placement, approximately 250.0 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the IPO and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and will be invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invests only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. In addition, a certain anchor investor advanced an aggregate amount of approximately 500,681 to the Company to cover the purchase of Private Placement Units. In April 2021, the Company repaid 681 to the anchor investor. Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the remaining advance of 500,000 was applied to the purchase of the Private Placement Units which the Company has since repaid. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that we will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

We must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, we will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the prospective partner or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the prospective partner sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we are unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the Combination Period ), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following the public offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the public offering and the sale of the private placement units, our equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post- business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We have not selected any business combination prospective partner and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions with any business combination prospective partner. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate, to conduct any research or take any measures, directly or indirectly, to locate or contact a prospective partner business, other than our officers and directors. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in the public offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the prospective partner business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular prospective partner business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a prospective partner business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a prospective partner business. We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our Trust Account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third-party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Sources of Prospective Partner Businesses We anticipate that prospective partner business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Prospective partner businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to prospective partner businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read this prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention prospective partner business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the Trust Account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of up to 55,000 per month for office space, secretarial, research and administrative support and other obligations of our sponsor and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including any future special purpose acquisition companies we expect they may be involved in and entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Evaluation of a Prospective Partner Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination In evaluating a prospective partner business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the prospective partner and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular prospective partner, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

The time required to select and evaluate a prospective partner business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective partner business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Prospective Partner s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective partner business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the prospective partner business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the prospective partner business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular prospective partner business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the prospective partner business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. Under the Nasdaq listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

We issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding (excluding the private placement shares underlying the private placement units and other than in a public offering); 

Any of our directors, officers or substantial security holder (as defined by the Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the prospective partner business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 1 or more (or 5 or more if the related party involved is classified as such solely because such person is a substantial security holder); or 

The issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; 

the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; 

the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 

other time and budget constraints of the company; and 

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately-negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately-negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a prospective partner that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately-negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination, regardless of whether such shareholder votes on such proposed initial business combination, and if they do vote, regardless of whether they vote for or against such proposed initial business combination, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares acquired during or after the public offering by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated 
 6 

Table of Contents 

memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination). Limitations on Redemptions Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the prospective partner or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the prospective partner for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the private placement shares underlying the private placement units) or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq we will be required to comply with the Nasdaq rules. If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares and private placement shares, we would need 8,975,001, or 35.9 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised) of the 25,000,000 public shares sold in the public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination). If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. Limitation on Redemption Upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the public offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a prospective partner that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

However, we would not restrict our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different prospective partner until 24 months from the closing of the public offering. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will have only 24 months from the closing of the public offering to consummate an initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and any withholding taxes) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination), unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer or director, or any other person. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 726,869 held outside the Trust Account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the Trust Account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the public offering and the sale of the private placement units, other than the funds held in the Trust Account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the Trust Account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.00. The proceeds held in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective partner businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account including, but not limited, to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Co. LLC and William Blair Company, L.L.C. will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective partner business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective partner business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective partner businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective partner businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our Trust Account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our Trust Account received by any such shareholder. If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the funds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination), or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a prospective partner business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger prospective partner businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a prospective partner business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain prospective partner businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices at Empire State Building, 20 West 34 th Street, Suite 4215, New York, NY 10001. The cost for our use of this space is included in the fee of up to 55,000 per month that we will pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services, and other obligations of our sponsor. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have two executive officers: Matt Krna and Sean O Brien. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a prospective partner business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Available Information We maintain a website at www.aptmspac.com. We are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events (e.g., changes in corporate control, acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website is located at http://www.sec.gov. In addition, the Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from us in writing at Empire State Building, 20 West 34 th Street, Suite 4215, New York, NY 10001 or by telephone at +1 (212) 906-4480. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS. An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the IPO prospectus associated with our public offering and the Registration Statement, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. RISKS RELATING TO OUR SEARCH FOR, AND CONSUMMATION OF OR INABILITY TO CONSUMMATE, A BUSINESS COMBINATION Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 726,869 in cash held outside of the Trust Account and a working capital deficit of 347,748, which may not be sufficient for the Company to operate for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of the financial statements. The Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required under the Working Capital Loans. There is no assurance that the Company s attempts to find a partner for an initial Business Combination will be successful or successful within the Combination Period or that the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors will loan the Company funds as may be required under the Working Capital Loans. The Company will have until July 30, 2023 to complete a Business Combination. If a Business Combination is not consummated by July 30, 2023 there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40 Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, management has determined the factors disclosed above and the July 30, 2023 Business Combination Period deadline raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through one year from the date that these financial statements are filed. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a prospective partner business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. Please see Item 1 Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities for additional information. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any prospective partner businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the private placement shares underlying the private placement units) immediately following the completion of the public offering. Our sponsor and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. As a result, in addition to our initial purchaser s founder shares, we would need 8,975,001, or 35.9 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised) of the 25,000,000 public shares sold in the public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination prospective partners, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a prospective partner. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective partner that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective partners will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of the public offering may give potential prospective partner businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination prospective partners, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential prospective partner business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering. Consequently, such prospective partner business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular prospective partner business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any prospective partner business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. Our search for a business combination, and any prospective partner business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 outbreak, other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, economies and financial markets worldwide, business operations and the conduct of commerce generally, and the business of any potential prospective partner business with which we consummate a business combination could be, or may already have been, materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or limit the ability to conduct due diligence, or the prospective partner company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a prospective partner business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility and decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. Our search for a business combination, and any prospective partner with which we may ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the geopolitical conditions resulting from the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in our target markets. United States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022. In response to such invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the ongoing military conflict, increasing geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. Any of the abovementioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and subsequent sanctions, could adversely affect our search for a business combination and any target business with which we may ultimately consummate a business combination. The extent and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, resulting sanctions and any related market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. Any such disruptions may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. If these disruptions or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we may ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia, and the impact of sanctions against Russia and the potential for retaliatory acts from Russia, could result in increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by July 30, 2023, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. We may not be able to find a suitable prospective partner business and consummate an initial business combination by July 30, 2023. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and any withholding tax), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as 
 17 

Table of Contents 

reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately-negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. Any such price per share may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they are under no obligation or duty to do so and they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. In the event that our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately-negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a prospective partner that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See Item 1 Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for a description of how our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous prospective partner businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the public offering and the sale of the private placement units, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain prospective partner businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain prospective partner businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Prospective partner companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial 
 18 

Table of Contents 

business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. If the net proceeds of the public offering and the sale of the private placement units not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 24 months following the closing of the public offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a prospective partner business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds of the public offering and the sale of the private placement units, only approximately 1,750,000 will be available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that, upon the closing of the public offering, the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing of the public offering; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a prospective partner business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep prospective partner businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such prospective partner businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a prospective partner business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a prospective partner business. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the post-business combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement units. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. The securities in which we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. The proceeds held in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury 
 20 

Table of Contents 

obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The public offering was not intended for persons who were seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The Trust Account was intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination); or (iii) absent our completing an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on the business, investments and results of our operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and results of operations. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the 2022 Proposed Rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies; amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; effectively limiting the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. These 2022 Proposed Rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, and certain positions and legal conclusions expressed by the SEC in connection with the 2022 Proposed Rules may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a prospective partner business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific prospective partner businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular prospective partner business s operations. We may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific prospective partner business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular prospective partner business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular prospective partner business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a prospective partner business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination prospective partner. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective partner businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a prospective partner that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the prospective partner business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective partner businesses, it is possible that a prospective partner business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a prospective partner that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a prospective partner that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a prospective partner business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the prospective partner business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Our initial shareholders may receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the consummation of our initial business combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the public offering, plus (ii) the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one. Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific prospective partner business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific prospective partner business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share. Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective partner businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third- party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which the IPO prospectus forms a part, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective partner business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective partner business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective partner businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public share. We may engage in a business combination with one or more prospective partner businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination as set forth in Proposed Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Evaluation of a Prospective Partner Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Members of our management team and affiliated companies have been, and may from time to time be, involved in legal proceedings or governmental investigations unrelated to our business. Members of our management team have been involved in a wide variety of businesses. Such involvement has, and may lead to, media coverage and public awareness. As a result of such involvement, members of our management team and affiliated companies have been, and may from time to time be, involved in legal proceedings or governmental investigations unrelated to our business. Any such proceedings or investigations may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after the public offering), a conflict of 
 24 

Table of Contents 

interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination prospective partner is appropriate for our initial business combination. On February 5, 2021, an affiliate of our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per unit, to cover for certain offering costs in consideration for 7,187,500 founder units consisting of 7,187,500 founder shares and 2,395,833 founder warrants. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the affiliate of our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per unit price of the founder units was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder units issued. In connection with the expiration of the underwriter s over-allotment option, our sponsor surrendered 125,000 founder shares. As such, our initial shareholders collectively own 20 of our issued and outstanding shares as of our initial public offering. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor and anchor investors have purchased an aggregate of 865,000 private placement units, for a purchase price of 8,650,000 in the aggregate. If we do not consummate an initial business within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, the private placement units (and the underlying securities) will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a prospective partner business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 24-month anniversary of the closing of the public offering nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following the public offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the public offering and the sale of the private placement units, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from the public offering and the sale of the private placement units provided us with 272,612,500 that we may use to complete our initial business combination. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-prospective partner business or multiple-prospective partner businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one prospective partner business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several prospective partner businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective partners, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately-negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination). To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the public offering and the sale of the private placement units into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors or to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders, and their permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our Class A ordinary shares upon the closing of the public offering (excluding the private placement shares underlying the private placement units and assuming they do not purchase any units in the public offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination), unless we provide our public 
 27 

Table of Contents 

shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. Our letter agreement with our sponsor, officers and directors may be amended without shareholder approval. Our letter agreement with our sponsor, and our officers and directors contain provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our founder shares and private placement warrants, indemnification of the trust account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the trust account. The letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval (although releasing the parties from the restriction not to transfer the founder shares for 185 days following the date of this prospectus will require the prior written consent of the underwriters). While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to the letter agreement prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to the letter agreement. Any such amendments to the letter agreement would not require approval from our shareholders and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a prospective partner business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. Although we believe that the net proceeds of the public offering and the sale of the private placement units will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective partner business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the public offering and the sale of the private placement units prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a prospective partner business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative prospective partner business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the prospective partner business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the prospective partner business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Upon closing of the public offering, our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our initial shareholders purchase any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately-negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in the IPO prospectus. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were appointed by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our 
 28 

Table of Contents 

staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to remove directors or to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. Because we must furnish our shareholders with prospective partner business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective partner businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential prospective partner businesses we may acquire because some prospective partners may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls annually in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a prospective partner business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Our initial business combination and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our shareholders and warrant holders. As a result of our business combination, our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and/or uncertain. Although we will attempt to structure our initial business combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to any requisite shareholder approval, we may: structure our business combination in a manner that requires shareholders and/or warrant holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes; effect a business combination with a prospective partner company in another jurisdiction; or reincorporate in a different jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, the jurisdiction in which the prospective partner company or business is located). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay taxes in connection with our business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a shareholder or a warrant holder may need to satisfy any liability resulting from our initial business combination with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a portion of the shares received. In addition, shareholders and warrant holders may also be subject to additional income, withholding or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after our initial business combination. In addition, we may effect a business combination with a prospective partner company that has business operations outside of the United States, and possibly, business operations in multiple jurisdictions. If we effect such a business combination, we could be subject to significant income, withholding and other tax obligations in a number of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax obligations and filings in other jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations by U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. taxing authorities. This additional complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability and financial condition. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

RISKS RELATING TO THE POST-BUSINESS COMBINATION COMPANY Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a prospective partner business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular prospective partner business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the prospective partner business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a prospective partner business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective partner business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a prospective partner business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective partner business, our ability to assess the prospective partner business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the prospective partner business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the prospective partner business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination prospective partner s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a prospective partner business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a prospective partner business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a prospective partner business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the prospective partner or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the prospective partner business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the prospective partner, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the prospective partner and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a prospective partner. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the prospective partner. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the prospective partner business. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. The market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. Members of our management team and board of directors have significant experience as founders, board members, officers or executives of other companies. As a result, certain of those persons have been, may be, or may become, involved in proceedings, investigations and litigation relating to the business affairs of the companies with which they were, are, or may in the future be, affiliated. This may have an adverse effect on us, which may impede our ability to consummate an initial business combination. During the course of their careers, members of our management team and board of directors have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers or executives of other companies. As a result of their involvement and positions in these companies, certain persons were, are now, or may in the future become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings arising out of or relating to the business affairs of such companies or transactions entered into by such companies. Any such litigation, investigations or other proceedings may divert our management team s and board s attention and resources away from identifying and selecting a prospective partner business or businesses for our initial business combination and may negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete an initial business combination. We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular prospective partner business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a prospective partner business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. RISKS RELATING TO OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the Trust Account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify 
 31 

Table of Contents 

our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination prospective partner is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination prospective partner, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in the public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination prospective partner. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in the IPO prospectus regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the prospective partner business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the prospective partner business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the prospective partner business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the directors and officers of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination prospective partner s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a prospective partner business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a prospective partner business, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of the public offering, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full- time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors other business affairs, please see Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Following the completion of the public offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we are engaged in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential prospective partner business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential prospective partner business may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a prospective partner business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a prospective partner business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable prospective partner business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. We may engage the underwriters or one of their affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. The underwriters are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only on a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause the underwriters to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. We may engage the underwriters or one of their affiliates to provide additional services to us after the public offering, including, for example, identifying prospective partners, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay the underwriters or their affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The fact that the underwriter or their affiliates financial interests are tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. RISKS RELATING TO OUR SECURITIES If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 24 months before redemption from our Trust Account. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and subject to any withholding tax), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the Trust Account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of the public offering before the redemption proceeds of our Trust Account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment or removal of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors or to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands during such time. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you will not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions are available . We registered the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants under the registration statement for the public offering. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement for the public offering or a new registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct, complete or the SEC issues a stop order. If the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant agreement, holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. In the event holders exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). In no event will warrants be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. If our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Our ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis after we call the warrants for redemption or if there is no effective registration statement covering the public resale of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants will cause holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to pay the exercise price of their warrants in cash. If we call the warrants for redemption for cash, we will have the option, in our sole discretion, to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. If we choose to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis or if holders elect to do so when there is no effective registration statement, the number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his or her warrant for cash. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

For example, if the holder is exercising 875 public warrants at 11.50 per share through a cashless exercise when the Class A ordinary shares have a fair market value of 17.50 per share, then upon the cashless exercise, the holder will receive 300 Class A ordinary shares. The holder would have received 875 Class A ordinary shares if the exercise price was paid in cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial business combination. The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Pursuant to an agreement that was entered into concurrently with the consummation of our IPO, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement units, the private placement shares and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the prospective partner business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our initial shareholders or their permitted transferees are registered for resale. We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 170,885,000 and 12,937,500 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Immediately after the public offering, there were no preference shares issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants as described in the section entitled Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants in our prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (File No. 333-253221) or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: 
 36 

Table of Contents 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants, or for amendments necessary for the warrants to be classified as equity. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any shareholder or warrant holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this prospectus, or to make any amendments that are necessary in the good faith determination of our board of directors (taking into account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements, (provided that our board of directors may not amend pursuant to the proceeding clause (iii), the warrant agreement to increase the exercise price, shorten the exercise period, reduce the 18.00 price trigger as described in the section entitled Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 in our prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (File No. 333-253221) or reduce the 10.00 or 18.00 price trigger or amounts set forth in the table described in the section entitled Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 in our prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (File No. 333-253221), but otherwise requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants (i) in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants or (ii) to the extent necessary for the warrants in the good faith determination of our board of directors (taking into account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements without the consent of any shareholder or warrant holder. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. Our warrants will be accounted for as a warrant liability and will be recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. We account for our warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because our warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, we will classify each of the warrants as a liability at its fair value which will be estimated using an internal valuation model. The Company utilized a binomial/lattice model for the initial valuation of the Public Warrants. The subsequent measurement of the Public Warrants as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is classified as Level 1 due to the use of an observable market quote in an active market under the ticker APTMW. The Company utilized a Black-Scholes Option Pricing model for the initial valuation of the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants and the subsequent measurement of the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants. Inherent in pricing models are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield, which are considered Level 3 inputs. However, since a reasonable and acceptable volatility cannot be inferred from the option pricing model performed for the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants as of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were set equal to the fair value of the Public Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 the Founder Warrants, and Private Warrants are classified as level 2 due to the use of an observable market quote for a similar asset in an active market. The impact of changes in the fair value of our warrants on our earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, potential prospective partners may seek a blank check company that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a prospective partner business. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement will provide that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us as (except as set forth under the section entitled Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 in our prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (File No. 333-253221)) so long as they are held by our initial shareholders or their permitted transferees. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 9,416,666 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered in our IPO. Simultaneously with the closing of the public offering, we issued private placement units that will have underlying warrants to purchase an aggregate of 288,334 Class A ordinary shares at 11.50 per share. In addition, if the sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 150,000 private placement units, at the price of 10.00 per unit. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants. To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a prospective partner business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the prospective partner business. Because each unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for prospective partner businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. If (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance including any transfer or reissuance of such shares), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the Market Value, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the Market Value, respectively. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a prospective partner business. Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions will include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Since only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, the Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, the Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the Nasdaq; 

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See Item 1 Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination), and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. We have been approved to have our units listed on Nasdaq on or promptly after the date of the IPO prospectus and our Class A common stock and warrants on or promptly after their date of separation. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on Nasdaq. Although after giving effect to the public offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed 
 40 

Table of Contents 

on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, following our public offering, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholder s equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our stockholder s equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If the Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units and Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the Nasdaq our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. GENERAL RISK FACTORS We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are an incorporated exempted company, incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through the public offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective partner business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our management has no experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not equal or exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Our corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the prospective partner company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to 
 43 

Table of Contents 

uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (and, in the case of the start-up exception, potentially not until after the two taxable years following our current taxable year). Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries If we pursue a prospective partner company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a prospective partner a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 
 44 

Table of Contents 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the prospective partner business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the prospective partner business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive prospective partner business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that prospective partner business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a prospective partner business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. prospective partner, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our prospective partner regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any prospective partner business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a prospective partner business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination prospective partner. Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

ITEM IB. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES. We currently maintain our executive offices at Empire State Building, 20 West 34 th Street, Suite 4215, New York, NY 10001. The cost for our use of this space is included in the fee of up to 55,000 per month that we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services, and other obligations of our sponsor. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. As of December 31, 2022, to the knowledge of our management, there was no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Market Information Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq under the symbols APTMU, APTM and APTMW , respectively. Holders As of December 31, 2022, there were fifteen holders of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, one holder of record of our Class B ordinary shares and one holder of record of our warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater number of street name holders or beneficial holders whose units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings Unregistered Sales The sales of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Units to our Sponsor and our initial shareholders were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act, in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. Use of Proceeds On July 30, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 25,000,000 units. On August 5, 2021, we issued an additional 3,250,000 units in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class ordinary share for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 282,500,000. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Co. LLC and William Blair Company, L.L.C. served as the underwriters of the IPO. The securities sold in the IPO were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253221). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on July 27, 2021. Of the 291,150,000 in proceeds we received from our initial public offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units, a total of 272,500,000, including 9,887,500 payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions, was placed in the Trust Account. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the IPO as described in the IPO prospectus dated July 27, 2021 which was filed with the SEC. ITEM 6. RESERVED. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations, estimates and assumptions concerning events and financial trends that may affect our future operating results or financial position. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on February 5, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a Business Combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement of the Private Placement Units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. On July 30, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 25,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 250.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 13.75 million, of which 8.75 million was for deferred underwriting commissions. We granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 3,750,000 Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any. On August 3, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional 3,250,000 Over-Allotment Units occurred on August 5, 2021. The issuance by the Company of the Over-Allotment Units at a price of 10.00 per unit resulted in total gross proceeds of approximately 32.5 million. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the Private Placement of 800,000 units, at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 8.0 million. Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the Private Placement with the Sponsor of 65,000 Additional Private Placement Units, generating total proceeds of 650,000. Upon the closing of the IPO and the Private Placement, approximately 250.0 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the IPO and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a Trust Account, located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and will be invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invests only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. In addition, a certain anchor investor advanced an aggregate amount of approximately 500,681 to the Company to cover the purchase of Private Placement Units. In April 2021, the Company repaid 681 to the anchor investor. Upon the closing of the IPO, the remaining advance of 500,000 was applied to the purchase of the Private Placement Units which the Company has since repaid. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that we will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. We must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, we will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the prospective partner company or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the prospective party company sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

If we are unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we held cash of 726,869 and 2,124,185, respectively, current liabilities of 1,268,564 and 193,254, respectively, and deferred underwriting compensation of 9,887,500. Further, we expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete an initial business combination will be successful. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and, after our Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest and dividend income on cash and investments held after the Initial Public Offering. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded net income of 9,055,597, which resulted from a gain on fair value of warrant liability of 7,793,783 and interest and dividend income on investments held in the Trust Account in the amount of 4,074,730, partially offset by operating and formation costs of 2,812,916. For the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we recorded net income of 482,355, which resulted from a gain on fair value of warrant liability of 2,807,641, a change in the fair value of the over-allotment option liability of 69,334, a gain on the expiration of the over-allotment liability of 67,345, a gain on the forfeiture of warrants accounted for as liabilities of 45,834, and interest and dividend income on investments held in the Trust Account in the amount of 8,321, partially offset by, a loss on sale of warrants of 1,213,542, expensed offering costs of 540,944, and operating and formation costs of 761,634. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 1,397,316, which was due to the change in fair value of the warrant liability of 7,793,783, and interest and dividend income on the investments held in the Trust Account of 4,074,730, partially offset by a net income of 9,055,597 and changes in working capital of 1,415,600. For the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 1,103,298, which was due to the change in fair value of the warrant liability of 2,807,641, changes in working capital of 341,664, a change in the fair value of the over-allotment option liability of 69,334, a gain on the expiration of the over-allotment liability of 67,345, a gain on the forfeiture of warrants accounted for as liabilities of 45,834, and interest and dividend income on the investments held in the Trust Account of 8,321, partially offset by a non-cash loss on the sale of warrants of 1,213,542 and expensed offering costs added back to net income of 540,944, and net income of 482,355. There were no investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities of 282,500,000 was the result of the amount of net proceeds from our IPO and the Private Placement being deposited to the Trust Account. There were no financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 285,727,483, which was due to proceeds from our IPO, net of underwriter s discount paid, less reimbursement from the underwriters, of 278,019,000, proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units of 8,650,000, an advance from an anchor investor of 501,362, proceeds from a promissory note with an affiliate of our Sponsor of 178,167, and proceeds from the issuance of units (the Founder Units to an affiliate of our Sponsor of 25,000, offset in part by the payment of offering costs of 967,198, the repayment of a portion of the advance from the anchor investor of 500,681, and the repayment of the promissory note with an affiliate of our Sponsor of 178,167. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had cash of 726,869 and 2,124,185 held outside the Trust Account, respectively. We will use these funds to primarily identify and evaluate prospective partner businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective partner businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective partner businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective partner businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less taxes payable and deferred underwriting commissions), to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest income (if any) to pay income taxes, if any. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account. We expect the interest income earned on the amount in the Trust Account (if any) will be sufficient to pay our income taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the prospective partner, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the post-business combination company at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. The terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our initial business combination. As such, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business through one year from the date that these financial statements are filed, if we do not complete a business combination prior to such date. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of Public Shares upon completion of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following our business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 726,869 in cash held outside of the Trust Account and a working capital deficit of 347,748, which may not be sufficient for the Company to operate for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of the financial statements. The Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required under the Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 5). There is no assurance that the Company s attempts to find a partner for an initial business combination will be successful or successful within the Combination Period or that the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors will loan the Company funds as may be required under the Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 5). The Company will have until July 30, 2023 to complete a Business Combination. If a Business Combination is not consummated by July 30, 2023 there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40 Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, management has determined the factors disclosed above and the July 30, 2023 Combination Period deadline raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through one year from the date that these financial statements are filed. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. Contractual Obligations Underwriting Agreement We granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 3,750,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments at the IPO price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On August 5, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 3,250,000 Units at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit for an aggregate purchase price of 32,500,000. On September 11, 2021, the remaining option expired. The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 5,650,000 in the aggregate, upon the closing of the IPO and partial exercise of the over-allotment option. In addition, 0.35 per unit, or 9,887,500 in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Net Income Per Ordinary Share 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Net income per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from net income per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Therefore, the income per share calculation allocates income shared pro rata between Class A and Class B ordinary shares. As a result, the calculated net income per share is the same for Class A and Class B ordinary shares. We have not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the IPO, Private Placement, and warrants included in the founder units issued to our Sponsor to purchase an aggregate of 12,059,166 shares in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption All of the 28,250,000 Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with our liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ), redemption provisions not solely within our control require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all Public Shares have been classified outside of permanent equity. We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. Warrant Liabilities We account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480 and ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. The initial fair value of the Public Warrants was estimated using a binomial/lattice model and the initial and subsequent fair value of the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants was estimated using a Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model. Due to the options pricing model not producing a meaningful volatility for the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants as of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were set equal to the fair value of the Public Warrants. Recent Accounting Standards In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2022 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. We adopted ASU 2020-06 on February 5, 2021 (inception). Adoption of the ASU did not impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Our management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. This information appears following Item 16 of this Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We determined that we had initially recorded our warrants as equity instruments instead of as liabilities in our financial statements as of and for the period ended February 5, 2021. We subsequently restated the financial statements as of and for the period ended February 5, 2021 within our final prospectus for our initial public offering as filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021. In addition, we restated the balance sheet as of July 30, 2021 on Form 8-K/A, as filed with the SEC on January 20, 2022, to correct for the classification of a portion of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption and recognition of a liability in connection with the underwriters over-allotment option to purchase additional units. We determined the resulting deficiency in internal control over financial reporting to be a material weakness. In response to this material weakness, we implemented new procedures and controls, as described below in Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . As a result, we believe this material weakness has been remediated at December 31, 2022. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15- d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

1. 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

2. 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

3. 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022 is effective, and has concluded that our audited financial statements included in this Report are fairly stated in all material respects in accordance with GAAP for each of the periods presented therein. This Report does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Other than the implementation of the material weakness remediation activities described below, during the most recently completed fiscal year, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management has enhanced our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements to address the material weakness. Our updated processes include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. During 2021, our internal control over financial reporting did not result in the proper accounting treatment for complex financial instruments. Beginning with the issuance on July 30, 2021, our Public Shares were accounted for as equity within our balance sheet, and the underwriters over-allotment option to purchase additional units Over-Allotment Options were not recognized as a liability. On April 12, 2021, the SEC Staff issued the SEC Staff Statement in which the SEC Staff expressed its view that certain terms and conditions common to SPAC warrants may require the warrants to be classified as liabilities on the SPAC s balance sheet as opposed to equity. After discussion and evaluation, taking into consideration the SEC Staff Statement, we concluded, that our redeemable Public Shares should be presented as temporary equity at redemption value with subsequent fair value remeasurement, and the Over-Allotment Options should be presented as liabilities. In response to this material weakness, we implemented new procedures and controls, including the engagement of accounting advisors to assist management in its review of the accounting for complex financial instruments. As a result, we believe this material weakness has been remediated. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION. None. 

ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Directors and Executive Officers Our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Matt Krna 
 
 44 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Sean O Brien 
 
 53 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Michael D. Ryan 
 
 55 
 
 Board Chair and Director 
 
 Steve Brotman 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 Scott Grimes 
 
 60 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 John Rice 
 
 56 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Marcie Vu 
 
 50 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Tracy R. Wolstencroft 
 
 64 
 
 Independent Director 
 Matt Krna has served as our CEO since our inception in February 2021. Matt will lead, with Michael D. Ryan, our Partner outreach and evaluation activities. He is currently a Venture Partner at Alpha Partners and the founder and Managing Partner of Ladera Venture Partners. He has over 20 years of private equity and venture capital investment experience. Matt was most recently co-founder and Managing Partner of Princeville Global, a San Francisco and Hong Kong-based growth-stage fund focused on backing breakout-stage technology companies around the world. At Princeville, he helped raise over 450 million and led investments in and served on the boards of companies including Doctor on Demand, a leading telemedicine company, and Remitly, a provider of global remittance services. Before Princeville Global, Matt was a Partner at Princeville Global s predecessor fund SoftBank Princeville, a 250 million growth-stage technology investment fund affiliated with SoftBank Group. There he was involved in investments including BigCommerce (Nasdaq: BIGC), Criteo (Nasdaq: CRTO), Fitbit (NYSE: FIT; acquired by Google for 2.1 billion), Kabbage (acquired by American Express for 850 million), Kony (acquired by Temenos), and others. During his tenure at SoftBank Princeville, Matt was also an active advisor to SoftBank Group, Alibaba Group, and YAHOO! Japan and was a member of Sprint Corp. s venture advisory board. Prior to SoftBank Princeville, Matt held investment roles at Investor AB and Canaan Partners, and was an investment banker at Credit Suisse and Donaldson, Lufkin Jenrette. From 2014 to 2019, Matt also served as a member of the Board of Directors of IgnitionOne, Inc., a software company focusing on cloud-based digital marketing technology. Matt graduated Harvard University in three years with a cum laude AB degree in history; he was also a member of the varsity swim team. Matt will serve the Company in a full-time capacity. We believe Matt s experience as a Venture Partner at Alpha Partners and the founder and Managing Partner of Ladera Venture Partners makes him well qualified to serve as CEO. Sean O Brien has served as our Chief Financial Officer since our inception in February 2021. Sean currently serves as Venture Partner, Operations at Alpha Partners. Mr. O Brien, a 25+ year financial markets industry veteran, is a co-founder and Managing Director of Vreeland Asset Management, an investment advisory business formed in 1993. At Vreeland, Mr. O Brien launched and managed a number of funds and strategies in the equity, real estate and private investment space. He has served in roles that include Chief Investment Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director of Investor Relations. Mr. O Brien also co-founded and served as Managing Director of Brinson Patrick Securities Corporation until 2006. There, he served in roles including Co-Head of Investment Banking as well as Director of Capital Markets and Business Development. At Brinson Patrick, Mr. O Brien helped develop and pioneer the at-the-market equity offering, providing a new capital alternative to public companies, including equity REITs, and later with numerous others, including Fortune 500 companies. Sean graduated from Yale University with a BA in history. Sean will serve the Company in a full-time capacity. We believe Sean s experience as Venture Partner, Operations at Alpha Partners makes him well qualified to serve as Chief Financial Officer. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Michael D. Ryan is a director on our board and a board chair. Mike will lead our Partner outreach and evaluation activities, working closely with Matt. He is currently the Co-Founder and CEO of Bullet Point Network (BPN). BPN provides research and software to Alpha Partners current Funds and special purpose vehicles. Mike is a co-investor in many of Alpha s portfolio companies and is a Fund LP. An active private investor, entrepreneur and board member, Mike has almost 30 years of investment, capital markets and management experience and is the CIO of MDR Capital, his family office. Before founding Bullet Point Network, Mike served as Head of Public Equity and Absolute Return at the Harvard University endowment, Head of Global Securities (overseeing equities, fixed income, currencies and commodities) at Credit Suisse, and Partner and Head of Global Equity Products at Goldman Sachs, where he spent the first 18 years of his career, and where he became a partner in 1998. Mike has served as a director, committee chair, and board chair on numerous corporate and non-profit boards. Mike graduated summa cum laude with a BA in economics from Yale University where he was an academic All-American in basketball. We believe Mike s experience as Co-Founder and CEO of BPN makes him well qualified to serve as a director on our board and a board chair. Steve Brotman is a director of our board. Steve is the founder and Managing Partner at Alpha Partners. Steve also serves as a Senior Advisor to the Pritzker Group s venture arm, Pritzker Group Venture Capital. Prior to Alpha Partners, Steve was the co-founder and Managing Director of Greenhill SAVP (GSAVP), Greenhill Co s venture capital unit (which was spun out as Tribeca Venture Partners), a technology- and business information services-focused venture capital fund. Prior to GSAVP, Steve founded Silicon Alley Venture Partners. At his prior funds, Steve led investments in over 20 companies and was among the first institutional investors in LivePerson (Nasdaq: LPSN, market cap 4.7 billion currently) and Medidata Solutions (formerly public Nasdaq: MDSO before being acquired by Dassault Syst mes for 5.8 billion). Prior to starting his venture career, Steve was also the co-founder of a venture-backed company, AdOne, the pioneer online classified advertising platform. AdOne was backed by Venrock and acquired by Hearst. Steve graduated from Duke University with an Economic Degree and has a JD/MBA from Washington University in St. Louis. Between graduate and undergraduate studies, Steve was trained as a COBOL/DB2 programmer for Accenture. Steve assists Matt and Mike s origination efforts, leveraging the extended Alpha team and our network of 500+ VC firms to originate suitable opportunities amongst their 27,651 portfolio company universe. Subsequent to the business combination, Steve s relationship network will be tapped to assist our partner in myriad ways, from business development to sourcing potential acquisition opportunities. With Mike, Steve will lead efforts to develop allied institutional relationships in support of the transaction. We believe Steve s experience as a Senior Advisor to the Pritzker Group s venture arm, Pritzker Group Venture Capital makes him well qualified to serve as a director. Scott Grimes has been a member of our Board of Directors since our initial public offering. He is the co-Founder, Executive Board Chair and former CEO of Cardlytics (Nasdaq:CDLX), having previously served as the company s CEO from inception to March 2020 including for the company s initial public offering in February 2018. Before co-founding Cardlytics, Scott was Senior Vice President and General Manager, Payments at Capital One Financial Corporation. Earlier, Scott was a Senior Vice President at FreeMarkets Inc., and a Principal at McKinsey Company. From 2014 to 2020, Scott also served as a member of the Board of Directors for electric services company Evergy, Inc. (NYSE: EVRG). Scott graduated from Union College with a degree in electrical engineering and has an MBA for the Stanford Graduate School of Business. We believe Scott s experience as the co-Founder, Executive Board Chair and former CEO of Cardlytics makes him well qualified to serve as a director. John Rice has been a member of our Board of Directors since our initial public offering. He is the Founder and CEO of Management Leadership for Tomorrow (MLT), a national non-profit organization that fights racial and economic disparities by empowering a new generation of diverse leaders. MLT has partnerships with many of the leading companies in the technology sector and elsewhere and John personally advises many CEOs on how to attract, develop and retain diverse talent. Building on more than 15 years of experience and deep partnerships in developing and implementing diversity, equity and inclusion strategies, MLT launched the MLT Black Equity at Work Certification, a first-of-its-kind, clear standard and roadmap for companies. Prior to MLT, John was an executive with the National Basketball Association, and with the Walt Disney Company in new business development and marketing. John serves on the boards of Opendoor Technologies Inc. (Nasdaq: OPEN) and Walker Dunlop (NYSE: WD). John received his BA from Yale University and his MBA from Harvard Business School. We believe John s experience as the Founder and CEO of MLT makes him well qualified to serve as a director. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Marcie Vu has been a member of our Board of Directors since our initial public offering. Currently, Marcie also serves as a member of the Board of Directors for ThredUP Inc., Blockchain.com, Inc. and Scopely, Inc. She is the former co-Head of the Consumer Technology Group at Qatalyst Partners, a premier technology M A advisory group. Prior to Qatalyst, Marcie was Head of Consumer Internet Investment Banking at Morgan Stanley. Marcie has approximately 21 years of investment banking experience at Qatalyst, Morgan Stanley and Salomon Brothers advising internet, mobile, software and telecommunications clients on transactions with an aggregate value in excess of 100 billion. She advised on the IPOs of Alibaba.com, Facebook, Google, Green Dot, LinkedIn, Pandora, Yandex and Zynga, among others. Marcie s M A experience includes advising Admob on its sale to Google, Amazon on its acquisition of Quidsi, CNET on its sale to CBS, Ebates on its sale to Rakuten, eBay on its acquisitions of Gmarket and Rent.com, Elance on its merger with oDesk, Electronic Arts on its acquisition of JAMDAT Mobile, Expedia on its sale to IAC, Flurry on its sale to Yahoo!, Glassdoor on its sale to Recruit, Honey on its sale to Paypal LinkedIn on its sale to Microsoft, MyFitnessPal on its sale to UnderArmour, OpenTable on its sale to Priceline, Orbitz on its sale to Expedia, RetailMeNot on its sale to Harland Clarke, Shipt on its sale to Target, Tellme on its sale to Microsoft, and Zappos on its sale to Amazon. Prior to joining Morgan Stanley in 2002, she worked at Yahoo! for two years in mobile and instant messenger product management. In 2010, Ms. Vu was featured in Investment Dealers Digest s Forty Under 40: Dealmaking, The Next Generation. Marcie received a B.S. in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. We believe Marcie s experience as the former co-Head of the Consumer Technology Group at Qatalyst Partners, a premier technology M A advisory group, makes her well qualified to serve as a director. Tracy R. Wolstencroft has been a member of our Board of Directors since our initial public offering. He is the former President and CEO, and subsequently Board Chair, of Heidrick Struggles (Nasdaq: HSII). Previously, Tracy was a longstanding Partner of Goldman Sachs where he led a broad range of the firm s investment banking business around the world including in the United States, Asia, and Latin America. During a 25-year career, he was a member of the firm-wide partnership committee and the investment banking operating committee. Formerly a trustee of the National Geographic Society, he previously served as President and CEO during the transition to the Walt Disney Company as the Society s new joint venture partner for its commercial media business. Tracy has a BA in mathematics from Bowdoin College. We believe Tracy s experience as the former President and CEO, and subsequently Board Chair, of Heidrick Struggles makes him well qualified to serve as a director. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Scott Grimes, John Rice and Marcie Vu, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Matt Krna and Tracy R. Wolstencroft, will expire at our second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Michael D. Ryan and Steve Brotman, will expire at our third annual general meeting. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. We have four independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our board of directors has determined that Scott Grimes, John Rice, Marcie Vu and Tracy R. Wolstencroft are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Executive Officer and Director Compensation None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will reimburse our sponsor for office space, secretarial, research and administrative services provided to us, and other obligations of our sponsor, in the amount of up to 55,000 per month. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying prospective partner businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management team s motivation in identifying or selecting a prospective partner business but we do not believe that the ability of our management team to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Both our audit committee and our compensation committee will be composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq require that the compensation committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

Audit Committee Marcie Vu, Scott Grimes and John Rice serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Marcie Vu, Scott Grimes and John Rice are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Marcie Vu serves as the chairwoman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Scott Grimes qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. The audit committee is responsible for: 

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; 

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of the public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of the public offering; and 

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. Nominating Committee The members of our nominating committee are Tracy Wolstencroft, Marcie Vu and John Rice. Tracy Wolstencroft serves as chairman of the nominating committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Tracy Wolstencroft, Marcie Vu and John Rice are independent. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The guidelines for selecting nominees, which will be specified in a charter to be adopted by us, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. Compensation Committee The members of our compensation committee are Scott Grimes, Tracy Wolstencroft and John Rice. Scott Grimes serves as chairman of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Scott Grimes, Tracy Wolstencroft and John Rice are independent. We adopted a compensation committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. The charter provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the Nasdaq and the SEC. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Committee Charters We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Conflicts of Interest Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent judgment. In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and may only decide to present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity and consummating the same would not violate any restrictive covenants to which such officers and directors are subject. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may pursue an acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the prospective partner business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Our amended and restated 
 62 

Table of Contents 

memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 

INDIVIDUAL 
 
 ENTITY 
 
 ENTITY S BUSINESS 
 
 AFFILIATION 

Michael D. Ryan 
 
 Alpha Partners Management LLC 
 
 Investments 
 
 Venture Partner, Diligence Advisor, Co-Investor, and Service Provider 

Branded Hospitality Group, LLC 
 
 Investments 
 
 Advisor, Shareholder, Co-Investor, and Service Provider 

Bullet Point Network, LP 
 
 Research Software and Services 
 
 C.E.O. and Managing Partner 

E-Dot Apps Limited 
 
 Investments 
 
 Advisor, Shareholder, Co-Investor and Service Provider 

Equiam, LLC 
 
 Investments 
 
 Advisor, Shareholder, Co-Investor and Service Provider 

Management Leadership for Tomorrow 
 
 Diverse Talent Development 
 
 Director 

MDR Capital Partners, LLC 
 
 Investments 
 
 Managing Member 

Scholarship America, Inc. 
 
 Scholarship Management 
 
 Director, Immediate Past Board Chair 

In addition, Mr. Ryan is a shareholder, advisor or director of eight private companies, where BPN has been a service provider and BPN provides a service to other investors under master services agreements and specific statements of work. None of these involve a material management relationship or fiduciary duty. 

Matt Krna 
 
 Ladera Venture Partners, LLC 
 
 Investments 
 
 Managing Partner 

Alpha Partners Management LLC 
 
 Investments 
 
 Venture Partner 

Sean O Brien 
 
 Vreeland Asset Management, Inc. 
 
 Investments 
 
 Owner 

Alpha Partners Management LLC 
 
 Investments 
 
 Venture Partner, Operations 

Steve Brotman 
 
 Alpha Partners Management LLC 
 
 Investments 
 
 Owner 

Scott Grimes 
 
 Cardlytics, Inc. 
 
 Digital Advertising Platform 
 
 Director 

FinTech Atlanta 
 
 Financial Technology Coalition 
 
 Board Chair 

John Rice 
 
 Walker Dunlop 
 
 Real Estate Finance 
 
 Director 

Management Leadership for Tomorrow 
 
 Diverse Talent Development 
 
 Founder and CEO 

Opendoor Technologies Inc. 
 
 Real Estate Technology 
 
 Director 

Marcie Vu 
 
 ThredUp Inc. 
 
 Online Retail 
 
 Director 

Scopely, Inc. 
 
 Entertainment and mobile games 
 
 Director 

Blockchain.com, Inc. 
 
 Cryptocurrency Financial Services 
 
 Director 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Aside from Mr. Krna and Mr. O Brien, our executive officers, directors and external advisors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees other than Messrs. Krna and O Brien prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our sponsor subscribed for founder shares prior to the date of the public offering and our sponsor purchased private placement units in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of the public offering. Our sponsor and our directors and officers have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after the public offering in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the required time period. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, the private placement units and the underlying securities will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our sponsor and our management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, private placement units and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and director nominees will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular prospective partner business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers, directors and external advisors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers, directors and advisors was included by a prospective partner business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition prospective partner, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on Nasdaq, we will also reimburse our sponsor for office space, secretarial, research and administrative services provided to us, and other obligations of our sponsor, in the amount of up to 55,000 per month. We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We entered into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. We have also entered into indemnity agreements with them. Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and ten percent shareholders are required by regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on review of the copies of such forms furnished to us, or written representations that no Forms 5 were required, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers and directors were complied with. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will reimburse our sponsor for office space, secretarial, research and administrative services provided to us, and other obligations of our sponsor, in the amount of up to 55,000 per month. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying prospective partner businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management team s motivation in identifying or selecting a prospective partner business but we do not believe that the ability of our management team to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. We have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of April 14, 2023, by: 

each person known by us to be a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns ordinary shares; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. The following table is based on 36,177,500 ordinary shares outstanding at April 14, 2023, of which 29,115,000 were Class A ordinary shares and 7,062,500 were Class B ordinary shares. Unless otherwise indicated, it is believed that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Approximate Percentage of Issued and Outstanding Ordinary Shares 

Alpha Partners Technology Merger Sponsor LLC (1)(2) 

7,727,500 
 (3)(4) 

21.36 

Matthew Krna (1)(5) 

Sean O Brien (1)(5) 

Michael D. Ryan (1)(5) 

Steve Brotman (1)(5) 

Scott Grimes (1)(5) 

John Rice (1)(5) 

Marcie Vu (1)(5) 

Tracy R. Wolstencroft (1)(5) 

All officers and directors as a group (1)(5) 

Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (6) 

2,475,000 

6.84 

Millennium Management LLC (7) 

2,475,000 

6.84 

Magnetar Financial LLC and affiliated funds (8) 

1,975,638 

5.46 

Less than one percent 

(1) 
 The business address of each of the following entities and individuals is c/o Empire State Building, 20 West 34 th Street, Suite 4215, New York, NY 10001. 

(2) 
 The shares reported herein are held in the name of our sponsor. There are three managers of our sponsor s board of managers consisting of Matthew Krna, Brotman Ventures, Inc. (an affiliate of Steve Brotman) and MDR Capital Partners, LLC (an affiliate of Michael D. Ryan). Each manager has one vote, and the approval of two of the three members of the board of managers is required to approve an action of our sponsor. Under the so-called rule of three, if voting and dispositive decisions regarding an entity s securities are made by two or more individuals, and a voting and dispositive decision requires the approval of a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of the entity s securities. This is the situation with regard to our sponsor. Based upon the foregoing analysis, no individual manager of our sponsor exercises voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by our sponsor, even those in which he directly holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such shares. 

(3) 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares, together with the Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement units. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

(4) 
 Does not include the 200,000 Class B ordinary shares underlying the private placement units purchased by the anchor investors in connection with the closing of the public offering. 

(5) 
 Does not include any shares indirectly owned by this individual as a result of his or her indirect ownership interest in our sponsor. 

(6) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. on February 7, 2022. Represents shares held by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund PMSMF with respect to the shares directly held by PMSMF. The business address of Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

(7) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed by Integrated Core Strategies (US) LLC, ICS Opportunities II LLC, ICS Opportunities, Ltd., Millennium International Management LP, Millennium Management LLC, Millennium Group Management LLC and Israel A. Englander (together, the Reporting Persons on February 6, 2023. Integrated Core Strategies (US) LLC may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of 1,725,000 Class A ordinary shares. ICS Opportunities II LLC may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of 0 Class A ordinary shares. ICS Opportunities, Ltd. may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of 750,000 Class A ordinary shares. Millennium International Management LP may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of 750,000 Class A ordinary shares. Millennium Management LLC, Millennium Group Management LLC and Mr. Englander may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of 2,475,000 Class A ordinary shares. The address of the principal business office of each Reporting Person is 131 S. Dearborn Street, 32nd Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60603. 

(8) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed by Magnetar Constellation Fund II, Ltd. on February 2, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, each of Magnetar Financial LLC, Magnetar Capital Partners LP, Supernova Management LLC and David J. Snyderman held 1,975,638 Class A ordinary shares. The amount consists of (i) 204,753 Class A ordinary shares held for the account of Constellation Fund II, Ltd; (ii) 640,323 Class A ordinary shares held for the account of Constellation Master Fund, Ltd; (iii) 71,239 Class A ordinary shares held for the account of Magnetar Systematic Multi-Strategy Master Fund Ltd; (iv) 42,999 Shares held for the account of Magnetar Capital Master Fund Ltd; (v) 204,753 Class A ordinary shares held for the account of Magnetar Lake Credit Fund LLC; (vi) 253,152 Class A ordinary shares held for the account of Magnetar Xing He Master Fund Ltd; (vii) 115,407 Class A ordinary shares held for the account of Purpose Alternative Credit Fund LLC; (viii) 163,803 Class A ordinary shares held for the account of Magnetar SC Fund Ltd; (xiv) 238,259 Class A ordinary shares held for the account of Magnetar Structured Credit Fund, LP; and (xv) 40,950 Class A ordinary shares held for the account of Purpose Alternative Credit Fund - T LLC (collectively, the Magnetar Funds ). Magnetar Financial LLC serves as the investment advisor to the Magnetar Funds, and as such, it exercises voting and investment power over the Class A ordinary shares held for the Magnetar Funds accounts. Magnetar Capital Partners LP serves as the sole member and parent holding company of Magnetar Financial LLC, Supernova Management LLC is the general partner of Magnetar Capital Partners LP, and David J. Snyderman is the manager of Supernova Management LLC. The address of the principal business office of each of Magnetar Financial LLC, Magnetar Capital Partners LP, Supernova Management LLC, and Mr. Snyderman is 1603 Orrington Avenue, 13th Floor, Evanston, Illinois 60201. In connection with our IPO, our sponsor beneficially owns approximately 20 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares and have the right to appoint all of our directors and to vote to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares do not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors or to vote to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. Because of this ownership block, our sponsor may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination. Our sponsor and our directors and officers have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after the public offering in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. Further, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares purchased during or after the public offering in favor of our initial business combination. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor and our officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. See Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Related Party Policy for additional information regarding our relationships with our promoters. Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants The founder shares, founder warrants, private placement shares, private placement warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the agreement entered into by our sponsor and our management team. Our sponsor and our management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell (i) any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) any of their founder warrants, private placement shares, private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The foregoing restrictions are not applicable to transfers (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, any members or prospective partners of our sponsor or their affiliates, any affiliates of our sponsor, or any employees of such affiliates; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of one of the individual s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the founder shares, private placement shares, private placement warrants or Class A ordinary shares, as applicable, were originally purchased; (f) by virtue of our sponsor s organizational documents upon liquidation or dissolution of our sponsor; (g) to the Company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination; (h) in the event of our liquidation prior to the completion of our initial business combination; or (i) in the event of our completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreement. Registration and Shareholder Rights The holders of the founder shares, private placement units, private placement warrants, Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the public offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Except as described herein, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell (i) their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) any of their private placement units, private placement shares, private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor with respect to any founder shares, private placement units, private placement shares, private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up. In addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Equity Compensation Plans As of December 31, 2022, we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities were authorized for issuance. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. Founder Shares On February 5, 2021, an affiliate of our Sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000 to cover certain expenses on behalf of us in exchange for the issuance of 7,187,500 Founder Units, which were subsequently transferred to our Sponsor. Each Founder Unit consists of one Class B ordinary share and one-third of one warrant (the Founder Warrants that has the same terms as the Private Placement Warrants (2,395,833 Founder Warrants in the aggregate). The Class B ordinary shares included in the Founder Units included an aggregate of up to 937,500 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that our Sponsor will own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding shares upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Founder Warrants included an aggregate of up to 312,500 Founder Warrants subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised. On August 5, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 3,250,000 Units, leaving 125,000 Class B ordinary shares and 41,667 Founder Warrants subject to forfeiture. On September 11, 2021, the remaining option expired. As a result, 125,000 Class B ordinary shares and 41,667 Founder Warrants were forfeited. Our Sponsor has agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell (i) any of their Founder Units or Founder Shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of an initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to an initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after an initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property and (ii) any of their Founder Warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof until 30 days after the completion of an initial Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after an initial Business Combination, the Founder Units or Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

Private Placement Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor and certain Anchor Investors purchased an aggregate of 800,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per private placement unit 8,000,000 in the aggregate). Each Private Placement Unit is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share (the Private Placement Shares and one-third of one redeemable warrant (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account. If we do not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Private Placement Warrants. Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the over-allotment option, we consummated the sale of 65,000 over-allotment Private Placement Units at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit in a private placement to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 650,000. Promissory Note Related Party On February 5, 2021, we issued the Promissory Note to an affiliate of our Sponsor, pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate of 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. On August 6, 2021, we repaid the outstanding balance under the Promissory Note. Administrative Support Agreement We entered into an agreement, commencing on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, to pay an affiliate of our Sponsor 55,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support services. Upon the completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. For the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, we incurred expenses of 660,000 under this agreement. Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of December 31, 2022, there were no Working Capital Loans outstanding. Accounts Payable Related Party Reimbursements - Related Party For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid 95,865 and 62,209, respectively, to the Sponsor as reimbursements for operating costs of the Company paid for by the Sponsor. As of December 31, 2022, 15,377 was payable by us to our Sponsor and various related parties for services related to the search for an initial Business Combination. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Form 10-K and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled approximately 150,000 and 117,000, respectively. The above amount includes interim procedures, audit fees, and consent issued for registration statements and comfort letters. Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Tax Fees. We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All Other Fees. We did not pay Marcum for other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Since the formation of our audit committee upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). The audit committee pre-approved all auditing services provided by Marcum set forth above for 2022. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements Reference is made to the Index to Financial Statements of the Company under Item 8 of Part II above. 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedule All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial, not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto in Item 8 of Part II above. 

(3) 
 Exhibits We hereby file as part of this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40677), filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (333-253221), filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021. 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File 333-253221), filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021. 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File 333-253221), filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021. 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated July 27, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40677), filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021. 

4.5 
 
 Description of Securities (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-40677), filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. 

10.1 
 
 A Letter Agreement, dated July 27, 2021, among the Company and its officers, certain of its directors and the Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40677), filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021. 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 27, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40677), filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021. 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights and Shareholder Agreement, dated July 27, 2021, between the Company and certain security holders (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40677), filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021. 

10.4 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated July 27, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40677), filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021. 

10.5 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated July 27, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40677), filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021. 

10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File 333-253221), filed with the SEC on March 12. 2021. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Alpha Partners Technology Merger Corp. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Matthew R. Krna 

Matthew R. Krna 

Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated below. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Matthew R. Krna Matthew R. Krna 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Sean O Brien Sean O Brien 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Michael D. Ryan Michael D. Ryan 
 
 Board Chair and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Steve Brotman Steve Brotman 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Scott Grimes Scott Grimes 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ John Rice John Rice 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Marcie Vu Marcie Vu 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Tracy R. Wolstencroft Tracy R. Wolstencroft 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 
 ALPHA PARTNERS TECHNOLOGY MERGER CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 688) 

F-2

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

F-3

Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-4

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7

F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
 Alpha Partners Technology Merger Corp. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Alpha Partners Technology Merger Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. If a Business Combination is not consummated by July 30, 2023 there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ Marcum LLP
 
 Marcum LLP
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 Houston, Texas 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 ALPHA PARTNERS TECHNOLOGY MERGER CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Prepaid insurance noncurrent

Investments held in Trust Account

Total Assets

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accounts payable related party

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities

Total current liabilities

Warrant liabilities

Deferred underwriting fee payable

Total Liabilities

Commitments (Note 6)

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of and per share at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Shareholders Deficit

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; ne issued and outstanding

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption)

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding

Additional paid-in
 capital

Accumulated deficit

() 

() 

Total Shareholders Deficit

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

ALPHA PARTNERS TECHNOLOGY MERGER CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December

 31, 2022

For the Period from February 5, 2021 (inception) Through December 31, 2021

Operating and formation costs

Loss from operations

Other income (expense):

Expensed offering costs

() 
 
 Interest and dividend income on investments held in Trust Account

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Change in fair value of over-allotment option liability

Gain on expiration of over-allotment option liability

Loss on sale of warrants

() 
 
 Gain on forfeiture of Founder Warrants

Net income

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares

Basic weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares

Basic net income per share, Class B ordinary shares

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares

Diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

ALPHA PARTNERS TECHNOLOGY MERGER CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 5, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Ordinary Shares

Class B Ordinary Shares

Additional Paid-in
 Capital

Accumulated Deficit

Total Shareholders Deficit

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Balance as of February 5, 2021 (inception)

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor (1)

Sale of Private Placement Units, net of warrant liabilities and offering costs

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount

() 

() 

() 
 
 Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares

() 

() 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount as of December 31, 2021

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Balance as of December 31, 2021

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount as of December 31, 2022

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Balance as of December 31, 2022

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5

Table of Contents 

ALPHA PARTNERS TECHNOLOGY MERGER CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

For the Period from February 5, 2021 (inception) Through December 31, 2021

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:

Expensed offering costs

Interest and dividend income on investments held in Trust Account

() 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

() 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of over-allotment option liability

() 
 
 Gain on expiration of over-allotment option liability

() 
 
 Loss on sale of warrants

Gain on forfeiture of Founder Warrants

() 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

() 
 
 Accounts payable

() 

Accounts payable related party

() 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Investment of cash into Trust Account

() 

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Advance from anchor investor

Repayment of advance from anchor investor

() 
 
 Proceeds from Promissory Note related party

Repayment of Promissory Note related party

() 
 
 Proceeds from Initial Public Offering, net of underwriter s discount paid less reimbursement

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units

Proceeds from sale of Founder Units

Payment of offering costs

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net Change in Cash

Cash Beginning of period

Cash End of period

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption to redemption value

Deferred underwriting fee payable

Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6

Table of Contents 

ALPHA PARTNERS TECHNOLOGY MERGER CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

. The Company was formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a Business Combination ). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 relates to the Company s formation, the initial public offering Initial Public Offering which is described below, and since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating
 income in the form of interest and dividend income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 
 The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on July 27, 2021. On July 30, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to Alpha Partners Technology Merger Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor and certain anchor investors (the Anchor Investors ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 
 The Company had granted the underwriters in the Initial Public Offering a -day
 option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any (see Note 6). On August 5, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Units (the Over-Allotment Units ), generating gross proceeds of . 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Over-Allotment Private Placement Units at a purchase price of per unit in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . 
 Upon closing of the Initial Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Units, the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, and the sale of the Over-Allotment Private Placement Units, a total of was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and was invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with maturities of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. 
 The Company will provide the holders of its outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. 

The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least either prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or don t vote at all. 
 Notwithstanding the above, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 
 The Company s Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive (i) redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination, (ii) redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association that would modify the substance or timing of the obligation to provide holders of the Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with an initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete an initial Business Combination within months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial
 Business Combination activity and (iii) rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held if the Company fails to complete an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. However, if the Sponsor or officers and directors acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 
 The Company will have until 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the income taxes, if any (less up 

to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 
 The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within in the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). 
 In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective partner business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective partner business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (excluding the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective partner businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 
 Liquidity and Going Concern 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in cash held outside of the Trust Account and a working capital deficit of , which may not be sufficient for the Company to operate for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of the financial statements. The Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required under the Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 5). There is no assurance that the Company s attempts to find a partner for an initial Business Combination will be successful or successful within the Combination Period or that the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors will loan the Company funds as may be required under the Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 5). 
 The Company will have until July 30, 2023 to complete a Business Combination. If a Business Combination is not consummated by July 30, 2023 there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. 
 In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40
 Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, management has determined the factors disclosed above and the July 30, 2023 Business Combination Period deadline raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through one year from the date that these financial statements are filed. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19
 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a prospective partner company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Additionally, as a result of the military action commenced in February 2022 by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and related economic sanctions, the Company s ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination, may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, the Company s ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by these events, including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity in third-party financing which may be unavailable on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy and the specific impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and/or ability to consummate a Business Combination are not yet determinable. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
 result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

and in cash as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company did t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and subsequent partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99,

 redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all Public Shares have been classified outside of permanent equity. 
 The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Less:

Issuance costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares

() 
 
 Plus:

Initial remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value as of December 31, 2021

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption of December 31, 2021

Plus:

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value as of December 31, 2022

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption of December 31, 2022

as a result of the Initial Public Offering (consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, of the costs connected to the over-allotment option, and of other offering costs). 
 The Company was reimbursed by the underwriters for offering costs associated with the Initial Public Offering. The Company recorded of offering costs as a reduction of temporary equity in connection with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares included in the Units. The Company immediately expensed of offering costs in connection with the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants that were classified as liabilities. 

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is considered an exempted Cayman Islands Company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statements.
 shares in the calculation of net income per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. 

Effect of dilutive securities:

Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture

() 

Net income Diluted

Denominator:

Weighted average shares outstanding Basic

Effect of dilutive securities:

Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture

Weighted average shares outstanding Diluted

Basic net income per ordinary share

Diluted net income per ordinary share

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). 
 The Company had granted the underwriters in the Initial Public Offering a -day
 option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any (see Note 6). On August 5, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Over-Allotment Units, generating gross proceeds of . 
 Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in the aggregate). Each Private Placement Unit is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share (the Private Placement Shares and one -third
 of one redeemable warrant (the Private Placement Warrants )) at a price of per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
 Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Private Placement Warrants. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the over-allotment option (see Note 6), the Company consummated the sale of Over-Allotment Private Placement Units at a purchase price of per unit in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . 
 to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for the issuance of founder units Founder Units ), which were subsequently transferred to the Sponsor. Each Founder Unit consists of one Class B ordinary share and one-third
 of one warrant 

(the Founder Warrants that has the same terms as the Private Placement Warrants Founder Warrants in the aggregate). The Class B ordinary shares included in the Founder Units Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will own, on an as-converted
 basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. The proceeds from the Founder Units were bifurcated between the Class B ordinary shares and the Founder Warrants. The excess fair value of the Founder Warrants was calculated as the difference between the initial fair value of the Founder Warrants of , and the bifurcated proceeds from the Founder Warrants of , for a difference of ; such amount was recognized in the Company s statement of operations as Loss on sale of warrants for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. The Founder Warrants included an aggregate of up to Founder Warrants subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised. On August 5, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units (see Note 6), leaving Class B ordinary shares and Founder Warrants subject to forfeiture. On September 11, 2021, the remaining option expired. As a result, Class B ordinary shares and Founder Warrants were forfeited (see Note 8). 
 The Sponsor has agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell (i) any of their Founder Units or Founder Shares until the earliest of (A) after the completion of an initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to an initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
 share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading
 day period commencing at least days after an initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property and (ii) any of their Founder Warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof until 30 days after the completion of an initial Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
 share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
 day period commencing at least 150 days after an initial Business Combination, the Founder Units or Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up.
 
 Promissory Note Related Party 

 On February 5, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to an affiliate of the Sponsor (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to an aggregate of to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. The Promissory Note was non-interest
 bearing and was payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. On August 6, 2021, the Company repaid the outstanding balance under the Promissory Note. The Company no longer has the ability to borrow under the Promissory Note. 
 Administrative Support Agreement 

 The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support services. Upon the completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred expenses of and , respectively, under this agreement. 

Related Party Loans 

 In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Up to of such loans may be convertible into units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were Working Capital Loans outstanding. 
 Reimbursements Related Party 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid and , respectively, to the Sponsor as reimbursements for operating costs of the Company paid for by the Sponsor. 
 Accounts Payable Related Party 

 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and , respectively was payable by the Company to the Sponsor and other related parties for services related to the search for an initial Business Combination. 

-day
 option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On August 5, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units at an offering price of per Unit for an aggregate purchase price of . On September 11, 2021, the remaining option expired. As a result, Class B ordinary shares were forfeited (see Note 8). 
 The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate, upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and partial exercise of the over-allotment option. In addition, per unit, or in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 
 Founder Warrants, Private Placement Warrants, and Public Warrants outstanding. 
 Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable days after the completion of a Business Combination. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to satisfying the obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. 
 The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of an initial Business Combination, the Company will use the commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement or a new registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use the commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days after the closing of an initial Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so appoint, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of an initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but the Company will use the best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per Class

 A ordinary share equals or exceeds 

 Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the warrants for redemption (except with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the last reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any trading days within a -trading
 day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given to the warrant holders (the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
 share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and certain issuances of Class A ordinary shares and equity linked securities). 
 The Company will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares is available throughout the 30-day
 redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise the redemption right even if the Company is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class

 A ordinary share equals or exceeds 

 Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption; provided that during such day period holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described below; provided, further, that if the warrants are not exercised on a cashless basis or otherwise during such 30 day period, the Company shall redeem such warrants for 0.10 per share; and 

if, and only if, the Reference Value equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and certain issuances of Class A ordinary shares and equity linked securities) on the trading day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 The value of the Company s Class A ordinary shares shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares during the trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. The Company will provide its warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the -trading
 day period described above ends. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). 
 If (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 

per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance including any transfer or reissuance of such shares), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more tha

 n 
 
 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during th

 e 
 
 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 

per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal t

 o 
 
 of the Market Value, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal t

 o 
 and 
 
 of the Market Value, respectively. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a prospective partner business. 

The Private Placement Units (including the Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement Warrants and Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable
 so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Units are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

The Company accounts for the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (including Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants) and the Founder Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40.
 Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. The Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants are precluded from equity classification due to a provision that provides for potential changes to the settlement amounts dependent upon the characteristics of the holder of the warrant. The Public Warrants are precluded from equity classification due to a provision that in the event of a tender offer or exchange offer made to and accepted by holders of more than of the outstanding ordinary shares, all holders of the warrants would be entitled to receive cash for their warrants. 
 The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments required that the Company record the warrants as derivative liabilities at fair value at issuance. The Public Warrants were allocated a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the Units in the Initial Public Offering equal to its fair value. The Private Placement Warrants were allocated a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the Private Placement Units equal to its fair value. The warrant liabilities are subject to re-measurement
 at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement,
 the warrant liabilities are adjusted to current fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statements of operations. The Company will reassess the classification at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the warrants will be reclassified as of the date of the event that causes the reclassification. 
 preference shares 
with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 
 Class

A ordinary shares

The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, including Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 
 Class

B ordinary shares 

The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 
 Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders except as required by law. Prior to an initial Business Combination, only holders of the Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of the Public Shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. 
 The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the consummation of an initial Business Combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
 basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering, plus (ii) the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of an initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in an initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, members of the team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one. 

F-2 0

Table of Contents 

ALPHA PARTNERS TECHNOLOGY MERGER CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Liabilities

Warrant liability Founder Warrants

Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants

Warrant liability Public Warrants

Description

Amount at Fair Value

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

December 31, 2021

Assets

Investments held in Trust Account:

Money Market investments

Liabilities

Warrant liability Founder Warrants

Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants

Warrant liability Public Warrants

The cost basis of the Money Market investments held in the Trust Account was identical to the fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company utilized a binomial/lattice model for the initial valuation the Public Warrants. The subsequent measurement of the Public Warrants as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is classified as Level 1 due to the use of an observable market quote in an active market under the ticker APTMW. The quoted price of the Public Warrants as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and per warrant, respectively. 
 In prior periods, Company utilized a Black-Scholes Option Pricing model for the initial valuation of the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants and the subsequent measurement of the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants. Inherent in pricing models are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life, risk-

free interest rate and dividend yield, which are considered Level 3 inputs. However, since a reasonable and acceptable volatility cannot be inferred from the option pricing model performed for the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants as of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were set equal to the fair value of the Public Warrants. The fair value of the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants was and per warrant as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants are classified as Level 2 due to the use of an observable market quote for a similar asset in an active market. 

Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 1 fair value measurement in September 2021 after the Public Warrants were separately listed and traded. The estimated fair value of the Founder Warrants, and Private Placement Warrants transferred from a Level 3 fair value measurement to a Level 2 fair value measurement in the fourth quarter of 2022 due to the use of an observable market quote for a similar asset in an active market. 

Strike price

Term (in years)

Volatility

Risk-free rate

Dividend yield

Probability of completing a Business Combination

Fair value of warrants

The following table provides the significant inputs to the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model for the fair value of the Founder Warrants: 

As of December 31, 2021

As of February 5,

 2021 (Initial Measurement

Stock price

Strike price

Term (in years)

Volatility

Risk-free rate

Dividend yield

Probability of successful Initial Public Offering

Probability of completing a Business Combination

Fair value of warrants

The following table provides the significant inputs to the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model for the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants: 

As of December 31, 2021

As of July 30, 2021

 (Initial Measurement)

Stock price

Strike price

Term (in years)

Volatility

Risk-free rate

Dividend yield

Probability of completing a Business Combination

Fair value of warrants

Initial measurement of Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants as of July 30, 2021

Initial measurement of over-allotment warrants

Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 1 measurement

() 
 
 Forfeiture of Founder Warrants

() 
 
 Change in fair value of Public Warrants, Private Placement Warrants, and Founder Warrants

() 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021

Change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Founder Warrants

() 
 
 Transfer of Private Warrants and Founder Warrants to Level 2 measurement

Fair value as of December 31, 2022

The Company recognized gains in connection with the change in the fair value of 

 warrant liabilities of and in the Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, respectively. 

F-2 4

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d444687dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Matthew R. Krna, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this
annual report on Form 10-K of Alpha Partners Technology Merger Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; and b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos.
 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Matthew R. Krna 

Matthew R. Krna 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d444687dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Sean O Brien, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this
annual report on Form 10-K of Alpha Partners Technology Merger Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; and b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos.
 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Sean O Brien 

Sean O Brien 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d444687dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Alpha Partners Technology Merger Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K 
for the annual period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Matthew R. Krna, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Matthew R. Krna 

Matthew R. Krna 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d444687dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Alpha Partners Technology Merger Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K 
for the annual period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Sean O Brien, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Sean O Brien 

Sean O Brien 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 aptm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 aptm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 aptm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 aptm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

