<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1527702_0001663577-23-000196.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6287793</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>148759</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1044336</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1907355</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1299628</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1723436</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001663577-23-000196.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414162520
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001663577-23-000196
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			iQSTEL Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001527702
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				452808620
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55984
		FILM NUMBER:		23821486

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 ARAGON AVENUE, SUITE 375
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(954) 951-8191

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 ARAGON AVENUE, SUITE 375
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PURESNAX INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151124

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PURE SNAX INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150813

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	B-MAVEN, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110810

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001663577-23-000196.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 iqst10k123122.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to ________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number: 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 none 
 not applicable 

Securities registered
 under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Common Stock, par value of 0.001 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by checkmark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
[X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth
company. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth
 company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

 Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. [ ] 

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes [ ] [X] 

State the aggregate market value
of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last
sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter 57,089,985.82. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date common shares as of April
10, 2023. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 12 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 12 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 12 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

13 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 15 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 18 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 19 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 19 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 20 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 20 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 21 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 25 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 26 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 28 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 28 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 29 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 29 

2 

 Table of Contents 

PART I 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, within
the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain statements, other than purely historical information, including
estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon
which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements generally are identified
by the words believes, project, expects, anticipates, estimates, 
 intends, strategy, plan, may, will, would, will
be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based
on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain.
Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects on a consolidated basis include but are not
limited to: changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes, availability of capital, interest rates, competition, and
generally accepted accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements
and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. 

Item 1. Business 

Company Description 

iQSTEL Inc. (the Company (OTC Pink: IQST) (www.iqstel.com)
is a technology company offering a wide array of services to global telecommunications and technology industries with presence in 13 countries. 

The Company has an extensive portfolio of products and services for its
clients such as: SMS, VoIP, 4G 5G international infrastructure connectivity, Cloud-PBX, OmniChannel Marketing, IoT services, blockchain
and payment solutions. These services are grouped within four business divisions: Telecom, Fintech, Electric vehicles and Metaverse 

The company operates its business through its wholly-owned subsidiary Etelix.com
USA, LLC Etelix (www.etelix.com) ; and its majority-owned subsidiaries SwissLink
Carrier AG (www.swisslink-carrier.com), QGlobal SMS (https://www.qglobalsms.com/), Smart Gas (http://iotsmartgas.com/) and ItsBChain (http://itsbchain.com/),
Whisl Telecom LLC (www.whisl.com), and Smartbiz Telecom LLC (www.smartbiztel.com). The information contained on our websites is not incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report, and such information should not be considered to be part of this Annual Report. 

History 

iQSTEL, formerly known as PureSnax International, Inc., was incorporated
under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 24, 2011. PureSnax was previously a wellness brand focused on bringing healthy snacks and
foods to consumers. On March 8, 2017, PureSnax exited a previous License Agreement with a Canadian snack food Licensor. From March of
2017 until its acquisition of Etelix.com USA, LLC, PureSnax was working to develop its own brand and its own products for manufacture,
distribution, sales and marketing of various products within the health foods and snacks industry and to pursue related business opportunities.
PureSnax acquired Etelix.com USA, LLC on June 25, 2018. The company left the healthy snacks and foods business to focus on the Telecommunications
Business. 

On August 30, 2018, PureSnax changed its name to iQSTEL Inc. 
and received a new CUSIP number: 46265G107, as well as a new trading symbol IQST in order to better resemble its new name.
iQSTEL also changed the Standard Industrial Classification (SIC Code) to 4813, Telephone Communications, Except Radiotelephone. 

On April 1, 2019, the Company entered into a Company
Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and the Ralf Kohler (the Seller ), which
agreement provides for the purchase of 51 of the equity and certain assets of SwissLink Carrier AG SwissLink (www.swisslink-carrier.com),
a Swiss corporation, by the Company. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

On February 10, 2020, the Company entered into a Company
Acquisition Agreement (the Agreement with Jesus Vega regarding the acquisition of 51 of the shares in QGlobal, LLC QGlobal ).
QGlobal is a company with the capacity to provide Short Messages (SMS), A2P and P2P messaging services. 

On February 21, 2020, the Company entered into a Company
Acquisition Agreement (the Agreement with Miguel Scavo regarding the acquisition of 75 of the shares in ItsBchain, LLC ItsBchain a company specialized in the development of Blockchain applications for telecommunications. 

On April 15, 2020, the Company entered into a Company
Acquisition Agreement (the Agreement with Francisco Bunt regarding the acquisition of 51 of the shares in loT Labs, LLC loT Labs ). The loT Labs principal business activity is the sale of SMS between USA and Mexico. 

On November 12, 2020, the Company entered into partnership
Agreement (the Agreement with PAYMENT VIRTUAL MOBILE SOLUTIONS, LLC (PayVMS), a Delaware Corporation regarding the incorporation
of Global Money One Inc, in which iQSTEL owns 75 of the shares and PayVMS owns the remaining 25 . Global Money One is a Fintech company
with a complete infrastructure to provide top-up services, international remittances and prepaid debit cards. 

On October 1, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement
with Jesus Vega regarding the acquisition of the remaining 49 of the shares in QGlobal, LLC QGlobal ). By means of this
transaction iQSTEL increased its ownership in QGlobal to 100 . 

On May 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Company
Acquisition Agreement regarding the acquisition of 51 of the shares in Whisl telecom LLC Whisl . 

On June 1, 2022, the Company entered into a Company
Acquisition Agreement regarding the acquisition of 51 of the shares in Smartbiz Telecom LLC Smartbiz ). 

Operating Subsidiaries 

iQSTEL's mission is to serve basic human needs in today's modern world
by making the necessary tools accessible regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, socioeconomic status, or identity. iQSTEL recognizes
that in today s modern world, the pursuit of the human hierarchy of needs (physiological, safety, relationship, esteem, and self-actualization)
is marginalized without access to ubiquitous communications, the freedom of virtual banking, clean affordable mobility and information
and content. iQSTEL has 4 Business Divisions delivering accessibly to the necessary tools in today's pursuit of basic human needs: 1)
Telecommunications (communications). 2) Fintech (financial freedom). 3) Electric Vehicles (mobility). 4) Metaverse. (Information and content).
The company continues to grow and expand its suite of products and services both organically and through mergers and acquisitions (M A). 

Our telecommunication business currently represents 100 of our revenues,
while our other business lines are in a pre-revenue stage. 

Telecom Subsidiaries for voice services: 

Etelix.com USA LLC , a wholly owned subsidiary of iQSTEL Inc., is
US based international telecom carrier founded in 2008 that provides telecom and technology solutions worldwide, with commercial presence
in North America, Latin America, and Europe. Etelix provides International Long-Distance voice services for Telecommunications Operators
(ILD Wholesale), and Submarine Fiber Optic Network capacity for internet (4G and 5G). 

Etelix is interconnected to the most important players in the industry,
with a very strong focus on Asian and Latin-American markets, among which it is worth mentioning: China Telecom, PCCW, Hutchinson Telecom,
Vodafone India, KDDI, Airtel, Reliance, Viettel, TATA Communications, Flow Jamaica (Cable and Wireless Caribbean), Cable and Wireless
Panama, Millicom (TIGO), Telefonica de Espa a (Movistar), Telecom Italia (TIM), Portugal Telecom (MEU), Optimus (NOS), Belgacom
(BICS), Deutsche Telekom, iBasis, Orbitel and Entel. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

An important milestone in the evolution of Etelix was in 2013, when the
company become part of a consortium of major carriers for the upgrade of the Maya-1 submarine cable systems that runs from Hollywood,
Florida to the city of Tolu in Colombia. This consortium is led by Orange Telecom and Orbitel, where Etelix participates with 10 Gbps
of capacity. The bulk of this contract was sold to Millicom (Tigo Costa Rica). This capacity considerably enhanced Tigo s ability
to deploy world-class 4G services to its customers in Costa Rica. 

SwissLink Carrier AG is a 51 owned subsidiary of iQSTEL Inc. SwissLink
Carrier AG is a Switzerland based international Telecommunications Carrier founded in 2015 providing international VoIP connectivity worldwide,
with commercial presence in Europe, CIS and Latin America. SwissLink Carrier AG is a Swiss licensed Operator. The acquisition of Swisslink
strengthened the Company s presence in Europe putting us in a very competitive position to capture traffic to Asian and African
countries. Africa continues to be the market with the higher contribution to margin and Asia concentrate one third of the termination
traffic in the industry. Estimations show that more than 50 of the traffic terminating in Africa is originated from customers in Europe;
while the corresponding percentage of traffic terminated in Asia is close to 40 . Based on these numbers the goal to expand the participation
in the Asian and African traffic goes through establishing a strong presence in Europe. 

Whisl Telecom LLC . Is a 51 owned
subsidiary of iQSTEL Inc., acquired in May 2022. Whisl Telecom is an US based Company that provides high quality services and out
of the box solutions to its customers. Whisl predominantly serves the Carrier-to-Carrier Global industry but also has network infrastructure
to provide services to the retail end users (endpoints). Whisl Telecom is one of the few US carriers to have a significant Tier1 capacity
(true capacity with high calls per second, CPS) to terminate calls with the highest quality. 

 With the acquisition of Whisl Telecom,
iQSTEL incorporated to its telecom portfolio the following services: (1) US/Canada Inbound/Origination. (2) US/Canada DIDs. (3) US/Canada
Toll Free Numbers. (4) Global DIDs and (5) Global Toll-Free Numbers. 

 Smartbiz Telecom LLC . Is a 51 owned subsidiary of iQSTEL Inc. acquired
in June 2022. Smartbiz is an US based Company that provides international voice termination to niche markets. With this acquisition iQSTEL
is expanding its telecommunication services offer to markets the company was not serving before. 

With the combination of the technology capabilities of these four subsidiaries,
iQSTEL has put together a complete portfolio of services for carriers and end user. These services include: 

International
 Voice Termination for carriers. 
 
 US/Canada
 Inbound / Origination. 
 
 Global
 DIDs. 
 
 Global
 Toll-Free Numbers. 
 
 PBX
 (Private Branch Exchange) for small businesses. 
 
 SIP
 Trunking. 

The voice services represented in year 2022 42.50 of the total revenue
of the company 39,614,081 out of the total 93,203,532) while in year 2021 voice services represented 31.11 of the total revenue 20,127,139
out from a total of 64,702,018). 

Gross Margin in the voice services increased from 4.72 in year 2021 to
5.81 in year 2022. This is the result of the incorporation to our portfolio of product with higher gross margins. We expect this gross
margin to increase in year 2023. 

All our subsidiaries carried 2.7 billion minutes of voice during year 2022,
compared to 670 million in year 2021. This represents an increase of 268 year over year. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Telecom Subsidiaries for SMS services : 

QGlobal SMS LLC is a 100 owned subsidiary of iQSTEL Inc. QGlobal
SMS is a USA based company founded in 2020 specialized in international and domestic SMS termination. QGlobal SMS has commercial presence
in Europe, USA and Latin America, with robust international interconnection with Tier-1 SMS Aggregators, guarantying to its customers
high quality and low termination rates, in over more than 100 countries. 

IoT Labs LLC is a 51 owned subsidiary of iQSTEL Inc. IoT Labs is
a SMS service provider based in Austin, TX. Specialized in the SMS traffic exchange between US and Mexico. 

The Company has entered into the SMS business in 2020 through the acquisition
of QGlobal and IoT Labs. Both companies specialize in international and domestic SMS termination, with emphasis on the Applications to
Person (A2P), Person to Person (P2P) and OmniChannel Marketing Services for several markets: Wholesale Carrier, Government, Corporate,
Enterprise, Small and Medium Companies. 

The Global A2P SMS Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 4.1 to account
for US 101 billion in 2030, according to Transparency Market Research. This market has experienced significant growth and adoption rate
in the past few years and is expected to experience notable growth and adoption in years to come. 

Our SMS services represented in year 2022 57.50 of the total revenue,
while it was 68.89 in year 2021. Gross margin in the SMS business decreases in 2022 to 0.40 from 0.54 in year 2021. But it is important
to remark that the gross margin of the products deployed by QGlobal SMS was 21 , being the main objective in the SMS segment to increase
the sales of those services due to its huge gross margins. 

Both companies, IoT Labs and QGlobal carried 8.5 billion SMS and short
codes in year 2022 compared to 7.1 billion in year 2021. This represents an increment of 1.4 billion SMS year over year or 19.72 . 

IoT Labs is also responsible for the development of our award-winning Internet
of Things devices SmartGas and SmartTank. The SmartGas device is perfectly focused on retail households using traditional LP gas tanks,
while the SmartTank device is more oriented for industrial purposes. The Company s product is a sensor and control chip that can
be mounted on gas tanks in less than one minute, that converts the gas tank into an IoT connected device through the Company s proprietary
web portal and phone apps, allowing for constant monitoring, alerting, and refilling through the Company s gas partners. An important
milestone to highlight is that the company has received the patent for the invention and development of these devices. We continue working
closely with BASF Corporation to adapt the SmartTank device to their specifications. project that has suffered some delays due to limited
inventories and the slowness of the global distribution chains of microchips. However, since the end of 2022 we have expanded the list
of certified suppliers and at this time we have a minimum inventory of parts, pieces and finished products to start the marketing process
of both devices. 

New businesses subsidiaries: 

ItsBchain LLC is a 75 owned subsidiary of iQSTEL Inc. ItsBchain
is a blockchain technology developer and solution provider, with a strong focus on the telecom sector. The company has focused on the
development of solutions aimed at using the blockchain ledger and smart contracts to enable more efficiency, quickness in execution and
fraud-prevention in the telco industry. Specifically, the company has developed a solution that will enable users and carriers to transfer
mobile phone numbers with just a few clicks, allowing users and carriers the ability to transfer retail users from one mobile carrier
to another instantly. 

The Company has done research covering
35 countries where number portability is mandatory by law. Those 35 countries have a total of 3.3 billion population and 4.0 billion of
phone lines that can be ported from one carrier to another. It is estimated that an average of 5 of the total phone lines are ported
every year. 

 Number portability is executed and supervised
by a third independent party, who act as a data-base administrator and has the responsibility to guarantee all transactions requested
by the customers will be completed and his/her phone number will be ported from Carrier A to Carrier B. In the countries under our analysis
there are 11 different data-base administrators. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

In terms of dollar value, the number portability
market in the countries under our analysis is estimated over 86 million per year. This is based in the actual cost carriers and/or customers
have to pay to get the lines ported. Revenues of the Data Base Administrators comes from a monthly fee charged to all participant carriers,
plus a fee for every transaction completed over the platform. The monthly fee and the transactions fee vary from country to country. 

 Our objective is to offer the market conformed
by data-based administrators a solution a much more cost effective solution; which will not only reduce the operating cost, but that will
also make the transactions to complete faster without any additional CAPEX. 

 Our mobile number portability solution is now being tested prior
to its commercial release in June 2023. 

 Global Money One Inc . Is a 75 owned subsidiary of iQSTEL Inc. The
company offers a complete Fintech ecosystem including a MasterCard Debit Card, US Bank Account (No SSN Needed), and a Mobile App/Wallet
to manage Remittances and Mobile Top Up. Our focus is to provide immigrants access to reliable financial services that make it easier
to manage their money and stay connected with their families back home. 

All available services can be managed through our mobile App
 GlobalMoneyOne available for IOS and Android. A first non-commercial release of the Fintech suite was done in June 2022.
Since that date all services have been tested including the known-your-customer (KYC) process for the issuance of debits cards, the settlement
process with the issuer bank, the intermediary entities handling the remittances, and the intermediaries and cellular operators for the
Top Up, as well as the proper training of our customer care agents. 

 According to a World Bank Migration and Development brief,
remittances to low- and middle-income countries reached 626 billion in 2022. The brief also stated the remittances to Latin America
and the Caribbean are estimated to have grown 9.3 in 2022 to 142 billion; with increments of 45 for Nicaragua, 20 for Guatemala,
15 for Mexico, and 9 for Colombia. Stronger employment of migrants from Latin America in the United States contributed to remittance
flows. As a share of GDP, remittances exceed 20 in El Salvador, Honduras, Jamaica, and Haiti. 

 The Electric Vehicle division (TuVolten) 
consist in an initiative to offer clean and affordable mobility through Electric Motorcycles, and Electric Mid Speed Cars. TuVolten is
going to offer theirs EV Motorcycles and EV Cars in Spain, Portugal, USA, and some countries of Latin America. As recently announced,
all previous electric motorcycle designs and tests have come together in a new electric motorcycle now rolling off the factory for the
final validation tests under the European Union Standards E-Mark certification process. Once this certification is obtained, we will begin
manufacturing the first units for sale to the public. 

The Metaverse initiative , consist in a
platform to offer our telecommunication carrier clients a white label solution enabling them to interact with their customers (end users,
and enterprises) through the metaverse. The iQSTEL white label metaverse solution developed in partnership with GOTMY will be tailored
to provide telecom carriers with a distinctive and immersive customer experience. In line with GOTMY s mission to offer universally
accessible experiential spaces, the iQSTEL solution for telecom carriers is intended to accommodate all mobile phone users, not just those
with high-end VR headsets. 

Regulations 

Telecommunications services are subject to extensive government regulation
in the United States of America. Any violations of the regulations may subject us to enforcement actions, including interest and penalties.
The FCC has jurisdiction over all telecommunications common carriers to the extent they provide interstate or international communications
services, including the use of local networks to originate or terminate such services. 

Regulation of Telecom by the Federal Communications Commission 

Telecommunication License 

Anyone seeking to conduct telecommunications business where the telecommunication
services will transpire between the United States of America and an international destination must obtain a license from the Federal Communications
Commission (FCC). This particular license is named a Section 214 license, after the section in the Communications Act of 1934. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Etelix.com USA, LLC was authorized by the Federal Communications Commission
to provide facility-based services in accordance with section 63.18(e)(1) of the Commission s rules; and also to provide resale
services in accordance with section 63.18(e)(2) under license number ITC-214-20090625-00303. 

Since Etelix has no other network infrastructure outside the United States
of America, no other licenses are required for us to operate as an international carrier service provider. 

Universal Service and Other Regulatory Fees and Charges 

In 1997, the FCC issued an order, referred to as the Universal Service
Order, which requires all telecommunications carriers providing interstate telecommunications services to contribute to universal service
support programs administered by the FCC (known as the Universal Service Fund). These periodic contributions are currently assessed based
on a percentage of each contributor s interstate and international end user telecommunications revenues reported to the FCC. Etelix
also contributed to several other regulatory funds and programs, most notably Telecommunications Relay Service and FCC Regulatory Fees
(collectively, the Other Funds). Due to the manner in which these contributions are calculated, we cannot be assured that we fully recover
from our customers all of our contributions. 

In addition, based on the nature of our current business, we receive certain
exemptions from federal Universal Service Fund contributions. Changes in our business could eliminate our ability to qualify for some
or all of these exemptions. Changes in regulation may also have an impact on the availability of some or all of these exemptions. If even
some of these exemptions become unavailable, they could materially increase our federal Universal Service Fund or Other Funds contributions
and have a material adverse effect on the cost of our operations and, therefore, on our ability to continue to operate profitably, and
to develop and grow our business. We cannot be certain of the stability of the contribution factors for the Other Funds. Significant increases
in the contribution factor for the Other Funds in general and the Telecommunications Relay Service Fund in particular can impact our profitability.
Whether these contribution factors will be stable in the future is unknown, but it is possible that we will be subject to significant
increases. 

Money Transmitter and Payment Instrument Laws and Regulations 

The consumer payment services offerings, prepaid debit cards, remittances,
Top Up, are industries heavily regulated. Accordingly, we, and the products and services that we offer in consumer payment services, are
subject to a variety of federal and state laws and regulations, including: 

Banking
 laws and regulations; 
 
 Money
 transmitter and payment instrument laws and regulations; 
 
 Anti-money
 laundering laws;- 
 
 Privacy
 and data security laws and regulations;- 
 
 Consumer
 protection laws and regulations; 
 
 Unclaimed
 property laws; and 
 
 Card
 association and network organization rules. 

Employees 

iQSTEL, including all subsidiaries, has 56 employees as of December 31,
2022. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Risks Relating to Business and Financial Condition 

Our business, operating results or financial condition could
be materially adversely affected by any of the following risks. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Risk Factors Related to the Business of the Company 

Because our auditor has issued a going concern opinion regarding
our company, there is a risk associated with an investment in our company. 

We have continually operated at a loss with an accumulated deficit of 24,504,395
as of December 31, 2022. We have not attained profitable operations and even though the company maintains a cash position very close to
one third year's operating expenses, we dependent upon obtaining financing or generating revenue from operations to continue operations
for the next twelve months. Our future is dependent upon our ability to obtain financing or upon future profitable operations. We reserve
the right to seek additional funds through private placements of our common stock and/or through debt financing. Our ability to raise
additional financing is unknown. We do not have any formal commitments or arrangements for the advancement or loan of funds. The Company
has been qualified for a public offering of 10,000,000 shares of our common stock under a Form S-1. This offering is being conducted on
a best efforts basis, which means that there is no guarantee that any minimum amount will be sold. For these reasons, our
auditors stated in their report that they have substantial doubt we will be able to continue as a going concern. As a result, there is
a risk that you could lose the entire amount of your investment in our company. 

Our telecommunications line of business is highly sensitive to declining
prices, which may adversely affect our revenues and margins. 

The telecommunications industry is characterized by intense price competition,
which has resulted in declines in both our average per-minute price realizations and our average per-minute termination costs. 

A reduction of our prices to compete with any other offers in the market
will not always guarantee an increase in the traffic, which may result in a reduction of revenue. If these trends in pricing continue
or accelerate, it could have a material adverse effect on the revenues generated by our telecommunications businesses and/or our gross
margins. The continued growth of Over-The-Top calling and messaging services, such as WhatsApp, Skype and Viber have adversely affected
the use of traditional phone communications. We expect this IP-based service, which offers voice communications for free to continue to
increase, which may result in increased substitution on our service offerings. 

The termination of our carrier agreements or our inability to enter
into new carrier agreements in the future could materially and adversely affect our ability to compete, which could reduce our revenues
and profits. 

We rely upon our carrier agreements in order to provide our telecommunications
services to our customers. These carrier agreements are, in most cases for finite terms and, therefore, there can be no guarantee that
these agreements will be renewed at all or on favorable terms to us. Our ability to compete would be adversely affected if our carrier
agreements were terminated or we were unable to enter into carrier agreements in the future to provide our telecommunications services
to our customers, which could result in a reduction of our revenues and profits. 

Our customers could experience financial difficulties, which could
adversely affect our revenues and profitability if we experience difficulties in collecting our receivables. 

As a provider of international long-distance services, we depend upon sales
of transmission and termination of traffic to other long-distance providers and the collection of receivables from these customers. The
wholesale telecommunications market continues to feature many smaller, less financially stable companies. If weakness in the telecommunications
industry or the global economy reduces our ability to collect our accounts receivable from our major customers our profitability may be
substantially reduced. While our most significant customers, from a revenue perspective, vary from quarter to quarter, our twelve largest
customers (2.97 of our total customer base) collectively accounted for 88 of total consolidated revenues in fiscal year 2022. However,
this concentration of revenues does not increase our exposure to non-payment by our larger customers, since 57 of our revenue is prepaid. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Natural disasters, terrorist acts, acts of war, pandemics, cyber-attacks
or other breaches of network or information technology security may cause equipment failures or disrupt our operations. 

Our inability to operate our telecommunications networks because of the
events listed above, even for a limited period, may result in loss of revenue, significant expenses, which could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We could be harmed by network disruptions, security breaches, or other
significant disruptions or failures of our IT infrastructure and related systems. To be successful, we need to continue to have available
a high capacity, reliable and secure network for our and our customers use. As any other company, we face the risk of a security
breach, whether through cyber-attacks, malware, computer viruses, sabotage, or other significant disruption of our IT infrastructure and
related systems. There is a risk of a security breach or disruption of the systems we operate, including possible unauthorized access
to our proprietary or classified information. We are also subject to breaches of our network resulting in unauthorized utilization of
our services, which subject us to the costs of providing those services, which are likely not recoverable. The secure maintenance and
transmission of our information is a critical element of our operations. Our information technology and other systems that maintain and
transmit customer information may be compromised by a malicious third-party penetration of our network security, or impacted by advertent
or inadvertent actions or inactions by our employees, or those of a third-party service provider or business partner. As a result, our
or our customers information may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without the customers consent, or our services may
be used without payment. 

Although we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity
of these types of information and systems, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that
attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging, especially in light of the growing sophistication of cyber-attacks
and intrusions. We may be unable to anticipate all potential types of attacks or intrusions or to implement adequate security barriers
or other preventative measures. Certain of our business units have been the subject of attempted and successful cyber-attacks in the past.
We have researched the situations and do not believe any material internal or customer information has been compromised. 

We operate a global business that exposes us to currency, economic
and regulatory risks. 

Our revenue comes primarily from sales outside the U.S. and our growth
strategy is largely focused on emerging markets. Our success delivering solutions and competing in international markets is subject to
our ability to manage various risks and difficulties, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to effectively staff, provide technical
 support and manage operations in multiple countries; 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

timely collecting of accounts receivable from customers
 located outside of the U.S.; 

trade restrictions, political instability, disruptions
 in financial markets, and deterioration of economic conditions; 

compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
 Act, and other anti-bribery laws and regulations; 

variations and changes in laws applicable to our operations
 in different jurisdictions, including enforceability of intellectual property and contract rights; and 

compliance with export regulations, tariffs and other
 regulatory barriers. 

Tax Risks 

We are subject to tax and regulatory audits which could result in the imposition
of liabilities that may or may not have been reserved. We are subject to audits by taxing and regulatory authorities with respect to certain
of our income and operations. These audits can cover periods for several years prior to the date the audit is undertaken and could result
in the imposition of liabilities, interest and penalties if our positions are not accepted by the auditing entity. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

We may be unable to achieve some, all or any of the benefits that
we expect to achieve from our plan to expand our operations. 

In the future we may require additional financing for capital requirements
and growth initiatives. Accordingly, we will depend on our ability to generate cash flows from operations and to borrow funds and issue
securities in the capital markets to maintain and expand our business. We may need to incur debt on terms and at interest rates that may
not be as favorable. If additional financing is not available when required or is not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable
to operate our business as planned or at all, fund our expansion, successfully promote our business, develop or enhance our products and
services, take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

If a market for our common stock does not develop, stockholders may
be unable to sell their shares. 

Our common stock is quoted under the symbol IQST on the OTCQX
operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., an electronic inter-dealer quotation medium for equity securities. Even though we currently have
an active trading market, there can be no assurance that it will be sustained. 

The market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile
and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

Our stock price is subject to a number of factors, including: 

Technological innovations or new products and services
 by us or our competitors; 

Government regulation of our products and services; 

The establishment of partnerships with other telecom
 companies; 

Intellectual property disputes; 

Additions or departures of key personnel; 

Sales of our common stock; 

Our ability to integrate operations, technology, products
 and services; 

Our ability to execute our business plan; 

Operating results below or exceeding expectations; 

Whether we achieve profits or not; 

Loss or addition of any strategic relationship; 

Industry developments; 

Economic and other external factors; and 

Period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results. 

Our stock price may fluctuate widely as a result of any of the above. In
addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the
operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of
our common stock. 

Because we are subject to the Penny Stock rules, the
level of trading activity in our stock may be reduced. 

The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations which generally
define penny stock to be any listed, trading equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share or an exercise
price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about
penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing
the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules generally require that prior
to a transaction in a penny stock, the broker-dealer make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment
for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect
of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules which may
increase the difficulty Purchasers may experience in attempting to liquidate such securities. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

We do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future.
Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors
affecting it at such time as the board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable
because a return on your investment will occur only if our stock price appreciates. 

Provisions in the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Bylaws could make
it very difficult for an investor to bring any legal actions against our directors or officers for violations of their fiduciary duties
or could require us to pay any amounts incurred by our directors or officers in any such actions. 

Members of our board of directors and our officers will have no liability
for breaches of their fiduciary duty of care as a director or officer, except in limited circumstances, pursuant to provisions in the
Nevada Revised Statutes and our Bylaws as authorized by the Nevada Revised Statutes. Specifically, Section 78.138 of the Nevada Revised
Statutes provides that a director or officer is not individually liable to the company or its stockholders or creditors for any damages
as a result of any act or failure to act in his or her capacity as a director or officer unless it is proven that (1) the director s
or officer s act or failure to act constituted a breach of his or her fiduciary duties as a director or officer and (2) his or her
breach of those duties involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law. This provision is intended to afford directors
and officers protection against and to limit their potential liability for monetary damages resulting from suits alleging a breach of
the duty of care by a director or officer. Accordingly, you may be unable to prevail in a legal action against our directors or officers
even if they have breached their fiduciary duty of care. In addition, our Bylaws allow us to indemnify our directors and officers from
and against any and all costs, charges and expenses resulting from their acting in such capacities with us. This means that if you were
able to enforce an action against our directors or officers, in all likelihood, we would be required to pay any expenses they incurred
in defending the lawsuit and any judgment or settlement they otherwise would be required to pay. Accordingly, our indemnification obligations
could divert needed financial resources and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows,
and adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock. 

The extent to which the coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak
impacts our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which cannot be predicted. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and may continue to cause us to modify
our business practices (including employee travel and employee work locations), and we may take further actions as may be required by
government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers and business partners. There is no
certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus or otherwise be satisfactory to government authorities. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and mitigation measures have caused,
and may continue to cause, adverse impacts on global supply chains and economic conditions. These impacts could affect the development,
deployment and maintenance, and the demand for our products and services, particularly the IoT SmartGas and SmartTank devices. 

The extent
to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition will depend on future
developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning other strains of
the virus and the actions to contain its impact. 

Item 2. Properties 

The disclosures concerning our properties are contained in Item 1 Business
above and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We have no current legal proceedings. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our common stock is quoted under the symbol IQST on the OTCQX
operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. Only a limited market exists for our securities. There is no assurance that a regular trading
market will develop, or if developed, that it will be sustained. Therefore, a stockholder may be unable to resell his securities in our
company. 

The following tables set forth the range of high and low bid information
for our common stock for the each of the periods indicated as reported by the OTCQX. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without
retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2022 

Quarter Ended 
 
 High 
 
 Low 

December 31, 2022 

0.37 

0.16 

September 30, 2022 

0.40 

0.22 

June 30, 2022 

0.71 

0.32 

March 31, 2022 

1.03 

0.45 

Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2021 

Quarter Ended 

High 

Low 

December 31, 2021 

1.05 

0.39 

September 30, 2021 

0.73 

0.35 

June 30, 2021 

1.07 

0.44 

March 31, 2021 

2.00 

0.15 

On April 10, 2023, the last sales price per share of our common stock was
 0.1467. 

Penny Stock 

The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection
with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a market price of less than 5.00, other than securities
registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information
with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that: (a) contains a
description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; (b) contains
a description of the broker's or dealer's duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect
to a violation of such duties or other requirements of the securities laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer
market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; (d) contains a
toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct
of trading in penny stocks; and (f) contains such other information and is in such form, including language, type size and format, as
the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. 

The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction
in a penny stock, the customer with (a) bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its
salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating
to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and (d) a monthly account statement showing the market value of each penny stock
held in the customer's account. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock
is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement,
a written agreement as to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. 

These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading
activity for our common stock. Therefore, stockholders may have difficulty selling our securities. 

Holders of Our Common Stock 

As of April 10, 2023, we had 164,176,688
 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, held by approximately 73 stockholders of record at our transfer agent, with
additional stockholders holding our shares in street name. 

Dividends 

We currently intend to retain future earnings for the operation
of our business. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future. 

In the event that a dividend is declared, common stockholders
on the record date are entitled to share ratably in any dividends that may be declared from time to time on the common stock by our board
of directors from funds legally available. 

There are no restrictions in our articles
of incorporation or bylaws that restrict us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes, however, do prohibit us from declaring
dividends where, after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: 

1. 
 We would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or 

2. 
 Our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities, plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of stockholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

We do not have an equity compensation plan. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 14,118,153 shares of common stock, valued at fair market value on issuance as follows: 

2,000,000
shares issued for cash of 1,000,000 

5,066,667
shares for acquisitions of Whisl and Smartbiz valued at 1,550,000 

550,000
shares for asset acquisition valued at 357,500 

240,000
shares for compensation to our directors valued at 107,600 

161,367
shares for settlement of debt valued at 80,674 

6,100,119
shares for exercise of warrants for 400,000 

These securities were issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities
Act and/or Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. The holders represented their intention to acquire the securities for investment only and
not with a view towards distribution. The investors were given adequate information about us to make an informed investment decision.
We did not engage in any general solicitation or advertising. We directed our transfer agent to issue the stock certificates with the
appropriate restrictive legend affixed to the restricted stock. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Not required under Regulation S-K for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

Results of Operations for the Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Net Revenue 

 Our net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 93,203,532
as compared with 64,702,018 for the year ended December 31, 2021. These numbers reflect an increase of 44 year over year on our consolidated
Revenues. 

 When looking at the numbers by subsidiary, we have the following
breakout for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Subsidiary 

Revenue 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 

Revenue 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Etelix.com USA, LLC 

22,301,110 

15,445,161 

SwissLink Carrier AG 

4,705,031 

4,681,978 

QGlobal LLC 

350,050 

666,887 

IoT Labs LLC 

53,239,401 

43,907,992 

Whisl 

4,318,762 

- 

Smartbiz 

8,289,178 

- 

93,203,532 

64,702,018 

The continued growth of our revenue is the result of the development of
our business strategy, which includes the strengthening of our commercial and operating activities and new acquisitions. 

If net revenues continue growing at a similar rate for the next twelve
months, we believe that the company will reach a total consolidated revenue of approximately 105 million by December 31, 2023. 

Cost of Revenue 

 Our total cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was
 91,412,016 as compared with 63,168,303 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

 When looking at the numbers by subsidiary, we have the following
breakout for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020: 

Subsidiary 

Cost of revenue 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 

Cost of revenue 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Etelix.com USA, LLC 

23,360,923 

15,080,687 

SwissLink Carrier AG 

3,949,751 

3,986,334 

QGlobal LLC 

243,493 

563,528 

IoT Labs LLC 

52,842,202 

43,537,754 

Whisl 

2,760,807 

- 

Smartbiz 

8,254,840 

- 

91,412,016 

63,168,303 

Our cost of revenues consists of direct charges from vendors that the Company
incurs to deliver services to its customers. These costs primarily consist of usage charges for calls and SMS terminated in our vendor s
networks. 

The behavior in the costs shows a logical correlation with the behavior
of the revenue commented above. We have reached a higher volume of sales and every additional unit sold (minutes and SMS) has its corresponding
termination cost. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Gross Margin 

 Our gross margin, which is simply the difference between our
revenues and our cost of sales, discussed above, increased from 1,533,715 in 2021 to 1,791,516 in 2022; represented an increase of
17 year over year 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 4,983,176,
as compared with 4,517,632 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The detail by major category is reflected in the table below. 

Years Ended December 31 

2022 
 
 2021 

Salaries, Wages and Benefits 

1,662,192 

1,160,021 

Technology 

291,348 

218,053 

Professional Fees 

901,082 

441,490 

Legal and Regulatory 

511,598 

106,001 

Travel Events 

93,769 

23,117 

Public Cost 

31,750 

42,674 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

34,376 

- 

Depreciation and Amortization 

120,117 

91,474 

Advertising 

617,559 

977,334 

Bank Services and Fees 

37,950 

117,886 

Office, Facility and Other 

324,167 

392,117 

Commissions Financial Expenses 

239,550 

- 

Insurances 

10,118 

- 

Subtotal 

4,875,576 

3,570,167 

Stock-based compensation 

107,600 

947,464 

Total Operating Expenses 

4,983,176 

4,517,631 

Operating Expenses by subsidiary are as follow: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Difference 
 
 iQSTEL 

1,762,904 

2,906,114 

(1,143,210) 
 
 Etelix 

472,291 

339,354 

132,937 

SwissLink 

767,069 

784,052 

(16,983) 
 
 ItsBchain 

22,693 

2,396 

20,297 

QGlobal 

202,933 

106,803 

96,130 

Global Money One 

157,382 

175,324 

(17,942) 
 
 IoT Labs 

264,091 

203,588 

60,503 

Whisl 

821,979 

- 

821,979 

Smartbiz 

511,834 

- 

511,834 

4,983,176 

4,517,631 

465,545 

The increment in the overall Operating Expenses is due to the new additions
of Whisl and Smartbiz, totaling 1,333,813. This was partially offset by the 868,298 reduction in Operating Expenses by the remaining
companies most significantly by iQSTEL, whose expenses were reduced by 1,143,210. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

Other Expenses 

We had other expenses of 2,674,101 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as compared with other expenses of 880,085 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in Other Expenses in 2022 compared to 2021
is due to the Change in fair value of derivative liabilities of (2,650,369) for the year ended December 31, 2022 from a positive 317,080
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net Loss 

We finished the year ended December 31, 2022 with a loss of 5,865,761
as compared to a loss of 3,864,001 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The amount of year 2022 is highly impacted by the (2,650,369)
change in fair value of the derivative liabilities . 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022 we had total current assets of 6,436,590, compared
with current liabilities of 6,451,679, resulting in a negative working capital of 15,089 and a current ratio of approximately 0.99 to
1. 

Following is a table with summary data from the consolidated statement
of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as presented. 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

(1,765,060) 

(3,152,181) 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

(2,001,506) 

(511,348) 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

1,767,982 

6,250,980 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

(6,840) 

(5,954) 
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

(2,005,424) 

2,581,497 

Our operating activities used 1,765,060 in the year ended
December 31, 2022, as compared with 3,152,181 used in operating activities in the year ended December 31, 2021. Our cash flow from operations
varies depending on our operating results and the timing of operating cash receipts and payments, specifically trade accounts receivable
and trade accounts payable. Our negative operating cash flows in 2022 and 2021 is largely the result of our net loss for the years. 

Investing activities used 2,001,506 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as compared with 511,348 used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our negative investing cash flow for 2022
is largely due to the acquisition of Whisl and Smartbiz of 1,889,132 and the purchase of 112,074 of equipment. 

Financing activities provided 1,767,982 for the year ended December 31,
2022, as compared to 6,250,980 provided for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our positive financing cash flow in 2022 was largely the
result of the 1,100,000 from the issuance of new common stock, 400,000 from the exercise of stock options and 500,000 from the issuance
of common stock purchase options. 

Based upon our current financial condition, we do not have sufficient cash
to operate our business at the current level for the next twelve months. We intend to fund operations through increased sales and debt
and/or equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund expenditures or other cash requirements. The Company has received
the qualification of an Offering Statement under Form S-1 for the sale of up to 10,000,000 common stocks. This offering is being conducted
on a best efforts basis, which means that there is no guarantee that any minimum amount will be sold. We also plan to seek
additional financing in a private equity offering to secure funding for operations. There can be no assurance that we will be successful
in raising additional funding. If we are not able to secure additional funding, the implementation of our business plan will be impaired.
There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Inflation 

Although our operations are influenced by general economic conditions,
we do not believe that inflation had a material effect on our results of operations during the twelve-month period ended December 31,
2022. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

A critical accounting policy 
is one which is both important to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and results, and requires management s
most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are
inherently uncertain. 

Our accounting policies
are discussed in detail in the footnotes to our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022; however, we consider our critical accounting policies to be those related to the allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation
of assets, significant estimates in the valuation of financial instruments and income taxes. Management bases its estimates and judgments
on historical experience and other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from
these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. See the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for a complete
discussion of our significant accounting policies. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of December 31, 2022, there were
no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

We do not expect the adoption of these
or other recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on our results of operation, financial position or cash
flow. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data 

Index to Financial Statements Required by Article 8 of Regulation S-X: 

Audited Financial Statements: 

F - 1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID ); 
 
 F-3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; 
 
 F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 
 
 F-5 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 
 
 F-6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; and 
 
 F-7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 

 iQST EL, Inc. 

 Coral Gables,
FL 

 Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of iQSTEL, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then
ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended , in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

 Going
Concern Uncertainty See Also Critical Audit Matters Section Below 

 The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and does not have an established
source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs, which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis
for Opinion 

 These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

 We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

 The critical audit
matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated
financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit
matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating
the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which
they relate. 

 Revenue
Recognition 

 Critical Audit
Matter Description 

 The Company recognizes
revenue upon transfer of control of promised services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to
receive in exchange for those services. 

 Significant judgment
is exercised by the Company in determining revenue recognition for customer agreements, and include the pattern of delivery (i.e., timing
of when revenue is recognized) for each distinct performance obligation. 

 The related audit
effort in evaluating management s judgments in determining revenue recognition for customer agreements required a high degree of
auditor judgment. 

 How the Critical
Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

 Our principal
audit procedures related to the Company s revenue recognition for customer agreements included the following: 

We gained an understanding
of internal controls related to revenue recognition. 

We evaluated management s
significant accounting policies for reasonableness. 

We selected a sample of
revenues recognized and performed the following procedures: 

Obtained and read contract
source documents for each selection and other documents that were part of the agreement, if applicable. 

Assessed the terms in
the customer agreement and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies, along with their
use of estimates, in the determination of revenue recognition conclusions. 

We tested the mathematical
accuracy of management s calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue recognized in the financial statements. 

We confirmed significant
customer balances. 

Going
Concern 

 Critical Audit
Matter Description 

 As described further
in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and does not have an established
source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on
executing its business plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. Accordingly, the Company has determined that these factors
raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of
these financial statements. Management intends to continue to fund its business by way of public or private offerings of the Company s
stock or through loans from private investors, in order satisfy the Company s obligations as they come due for at least one year
from the financial statement issuance date. However, the Company has not concluded that these plans alleviate the substantial doubt related
to its ability to continue as a going concern. 

 How the Critical
Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

 We determined the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern is a critical audit matter due to the estimation and uncertainty regarding the
Company s available capital and the risk of bias in management s judgments and assumptions in their determination. Our audit
procedures related to the Company s assertion on its ability to continue as a going concern included the following, among others: 

We
 performed testing procedures such as analytical procedures to identify conditions and
 events that indicate that there could be substantial doubt about the Company s
 ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 

We
 reviewed and evaluated management's plans for dealing with adverse effects of these conditions
 and events. 

We
 inquired of Company management and reviewed company records to assess whether there are additional
 factors that contribute to the uncertainties disclosed. 

We
 assessed whether the Company s determination that there is substantial doubt about
 its ability to continue as a going concern was adequately disclosed. 

/s/

We have served as
the Company's auditor since 2020. 

April
14, 2023 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

iQSTEL INC 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Due from related parties 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Deferred tax assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued and other current liabilities 

Due to related parties 

Loans payable - net of discount of and 

Loans payable - related parties 

Derivative liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Loans payable, non-current 

Employee benefits, non-current 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Stockholders' Equity 

Preferred stock: authorized; par value 

Series A Preferred stock: designated; par value, shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Series B Preferred stock: designated; par value, shares issued and outstanding 

Series C Preferred
 stock: 
 designated; 
 par value, shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock: authorized; par value and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Equity attributed to stockholders of iQSTEL Inc. 

Deficit attributable to noncontrolling interests 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

iQSTEL INC 

 Consolidated Statements
of Operations 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

General and administration 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense) 

Other income 

Other expenses 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Loss on settlement of debt 

Total other expense 

Net loss before provision for income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net loss 

Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net loss attributed to stockholders of iQSTEL Inc. 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Net loss 

Foreign currency adjustment 

Total comprehensive loss 

Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net comprehensive loss attributed to stockholders of iQSTEL Inc. 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

iQSTEL INC 

 Consolidated Statements
of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

 For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Series
 A Preferred Stock 
 Series
 B Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional
 Paid in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Total 
 Non
 Controlling Interest 
 Total
 Stockholders Deficit 

Balance - December 31, 2020 

) 

Preferred
 stock issued for conversion of common stock 

Common
 stock issued for cash and subscription receivable 

Common
 stock issued for settlement of debt 

Common
 stock issued for service 

Common
 stock issued for compensation 

Common
 stock issued for forbearance of debt 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of debt 

Common
 stock payable 

Related
 party debt to equity swap 

Cancellation
 of common stock 

) 
 
 Resolution
 of derivative liabilities 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

Net
 loss 

) 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2021 

Common stock
 issued for cash 

Common stock
 issued for acquisitions of subsidiaries 

Common stock
 issued for asset acquisition 

Common stock
 issued for compensation 

Common stock
 issued for settlement of debt 

Common stock
 issued for warrant exercises 

Common stock
 payable 

Resolution
 of derivative liabilities upon exercise of warrants 

Foreign currency
 translation adjustments 

Net
 (loss) income 

) 
 
 Balance
 - December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

iQSTEL INC 

 Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Bad debt expense 

Write-off of due from related party 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Loss on settlement of debt 

Prepayment and default penalty 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Due from related party 

Accounts payable 

Accrued and other current liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Acquisitions of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Purchase of intangible assets 

Payment of loan receivable - related party 

Collection of amounts due from related parties 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from loans payable 

Repayments of loans payable 

Repayment of loans payable - related parties 

Proceeds from common stock issued 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock purchase options 

Repayment of convertible notes 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

Non-cash transactions: 

Common stock payable 

Common stock issued
 for asset acquisition 

Common stock issued
 for acquisitions of subsidiaries 

Common stock issued for conversion of debt 

Common stock issued
 for exercise of cashless warrants 

Resolution of derivative
 liabilities upon exercise of warrants 

Related party debt
 forgiveness 

Common stock issued
 for settlement of debt 

Common stock issued for forbearance of debt 

Preferred stock issued for conversion of common stock 

Subscription receivable 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

iQSTEL INC 

 Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 

on under the name of B-Maven Inc. The Company changed its name to PureSnax International,
Inc. on September 18, 2015; and more recently it changed its name to iQSTEL Inc. on August 7, 2018. 

The Company
has been engaged in the business of telecommunication services as a wholesale carrier of voice, SMS and data for other telecom companies
around the World with 404 active interconnection agreements with mobile companies, fixed line companies and other wholesale carriers. 

of the shares in Whisl telecom LLC Whisl . 

On June 1, 2022, we entered into a Company Acquisition
Agreement regarding the acquisition of of the shares in Smartbiz Telecom LLC Smartbiz ). 

Both acquisitions
are detailed in Note 4. 

cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and , respectively. 

for computers and laptops; for telecommunications equipment and switches; and for software using the straight-line method. Major additions
and improvements are capitalized as additions to the property and equipment accounts, while replacements, maintenance and repairs that
do not improve or extend the life of the respective assets are expensed as incurred. Estimated useful lives are periodically reviewed
and, when appropriate, changes are made prospectively. When certain events or changes in operating conditions occur, asset lives may be
adjusted and an impairment assessment may be performed on the recoverability of the carrying amounts. 

of
our revenue compared to 7 customers representing of
our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of
the revenue comes from customers under prepayment conditions which means there is no credit or bad debt risk on that portion of the
customers portfolio. 

Level 2 

Level 2 applies
to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted
prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient
volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can
be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. 

Level 3 

Level 3 applies
to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement
of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

The carrying
values of our financial instruments, including, cash; accounts receivable; prepaid and other current assets; accounts payable; accrued
liabilities and other current liabilities; and due from/to related parties approximate their fair values due to the short-term maturities
of these financial instruments. 

Transactions
involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm s-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive,
free-market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related
party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm s-length transactions unless such representations
can be substantiated. It is not, however, practical to determine the fair value of amounts due to related parties due to their related
party nature. 

The ability
of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish its business plan and eventually
attain profitable operations. 

During the next
year, the Company's foreseeable cash requirements will relate to continual development of the operations of its business, maintaining
its good standing in the industry and continuing its marketing efforts. The Company may experience a cash shortfall and be required to
raise additional capital. 

Historically,
the Company has relied upon funds from its stockholders. Management may raise additional capital through future public or private offerings
of the Company's stock or through loans from private investors, although there can be no assurance that it will be able to obtain such
financing. The Company's failure to do so could have a material and adverse effect upon its operations and its stockholders. 

of the membership interests Seller held in Whisl, a Texas limited
liability company. Whisl provides local US termination for Voice through its FCC license of VoIP Service number 832742; and is in the
process to obtain a C-Lec FCC License over next 12 months. Whisl is one of the premier Intermediate Voice Providers in the USA. It has
been a carrier since 2017 with billions of minutes traversing its network and provides its customers with multiple levels of Redundancy,
Diversity, and Disaster Recovery for their applications and ability to make changes to underlying carrier configuration in real time.
Whisl offers a single carrier solution for Voice Global services, and its customers benefit from hundreds of interconnection agreements
that the company has cultivated since its inception. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the closing of the purchase of the membership
interests was , which consisted of in cash and in our restricted common stock to
Seller, which amounts to shares of common stock. 

On June 1, 2022, we entered
into a Purchase Agreement for the purchase of of the membership interests in Smartbiz, a Florida Corporation which provides
telecommunication services, dedicated to VoIP business for wholesale and retail markets. The purchase price for the acquisition was ,
which consisted of in cash and in our common stock to the seller, which amounts to shares
of common stock. 

Smartbiz and Whisl have been included in our consolidated
results of operations since the acquisition dates. 

The following table summarizes the fair value
of the consideration paid by the Company: 

Whisl 

shares of common stock 

Total Purchase Price 

Smartbiz 

shares of common stock 

Total Purchase Price 

An additional 754,684 shares
of common stock were issued to the seller in December 2022 in accordance with the terms of the purchase agreement. 

The following table summarizes the identifiable
assets acquired and liabilities assumed upon acquisition of Smartbiz and Whisl and the calculation of goodwill: 

Whisl 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Total identifiable assets 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets 

Non-controlling interest 

Total net assets 

Goodwill 

Smartbiz 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Total identifiable assets 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Accumulated deficit 

Non-controlling interest 

Total accumulated deficit 

Goodwill 

Unaudited combined proforma results of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as though the Company acquired Smartbiz and Whisl on January 1, 2021, are set forth below: 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other expense 

Net Loss 

Other receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Advance payment 

Tax receivable 

Deposit for acquisition of asset 

Security deposit 

Total
 prepaid and other current assets 

Telecommunication software 

Other equipment 

Total property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total property and equipment 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively. 

Martus 

Swisspeers AG 

Darlene Covid19 

Total 

Less: Unamortized debt discount 

Total loans payable 

Less: Current portion of loans payable 

Long-term loans payable 

Loans payable
- related parties at December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: 

Note is due on demand 

49 Shareholder of SwissLink 

Note is due on demand 

Total 

Less: Current portion of loans payable 

Long-term loans payable 

During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company borrowed from third parties totaling and , which includes original issue
discount and financing costs of and and repaid the principal amount of and , respectively. 

During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded interest expense of and and recognized amortization
of discount, included in interest expense, of and , respectively. 

During the
year ended December 31, 2021, a (CHF 1,518,909) related party loan was forgiven and the Company recorded it as additional
paid in capital. 

During the year
ended December 31, 2021, the Company settled loans payable of by issuing shares of common stock
valued at . As a result, the Company recorded loss on settlement of debt of 539,863. 

and and recognized amortization of discount,
included in interest expense, of and , respectively. 

During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company repaid notes of and and accrued interest of and , respectively. 

Conversion 

During the year
ended December 31, 2021, the Company converted notes with principal amounts and accrued interest of into shares
of common stock. The corresponding derivative liability at the date of conversion of was settled through additional
paid in capital. 

Settlement 

During the year
ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded gain on settlement of debt of 11,069. 

shares
of Common Stock with an exercise price per share of ; and an initial exercisable date on . The purchase price
of this option was . The Company determined that the warrants had a fixed monetary value with a variable number of shares
at inception and categorized the warrants as a liability in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

of the Options on a cash basis not later than the later
of (y) November 14, 2022 or (z) the date on which there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Option
Shares to or resale of the Option Shares by the Holder and (ii) an additional of the Options on a cash basis not
later than the latest of (x) thirty (30) days following the exercise of the Option under subsection (i), above, (y) December 14, 2022,
or (z) the date on which there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Option Shares to or resale of the
Option Shares by the Holder. From and after the occurrence of the three above-referenced exercises, each additional exercise of Options
hereunder shall be in an amount not less than 200,000 and exercised only on a cash basis. 

A summary of
activity regarding warrants issued as follows: 

Increase in number of warrants by VWAP 

Exercised 

Forfeited/canceled 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

years 
 - years 
 
 Expected average volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 - 

The following
table summarizes the changes in the derivative liabilities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Settled on issuance of common stock 

Change in fair value of the derivative 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

Addition of new derivatives recognized as cash received 

Addition of new derivatives recognized as loss on derivatives 

Settled on issuance of common stock 

Change in fair value of the warrants 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

The following
table summarizes the change in fair value of derivative liabilities included in the income statement for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Revaluation of derivative liabilities 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. 

Series A
Preferred Stock 

shares, par value . Under the Certificate of Designation,
holders of Series A Preferred Stock will participate on an equal basis per-share with holders of our common stock in any distribution
upon winding up, dissolution, or liquidation. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with the holders of our
common stock on all matters submitted to stockholders at a rate of 51 of the total vote of stockholders. 

The rights of
the holders of Series A Preferred Stock are defined in the relevant Certificate of Designation filed with the Nevada Secretary of State
on November 3, 2020 

As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 

Series B
Preferred Stock 

shares, par value . Under the Certificate of Designation,
holders of Series B Preferred Stock will receive a liquidation preference of 81 per share in any distribution upon winding up, dissolution,
or liquidation of the Company before junior security holders, as provided in the designation. Holders of Series B Preferred Stock are
entitled to receive as, when, and if declared by the Board of Directors, dividends in kind at an annual rate equal to twenty four percent
(24 of 81 per share for each of the then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, calculated on the basis of a 360-day year
consisting of twelve 30-day months. Holders of Series B Preferred Stock do not have voting rights but may convert into common stock after
twelve months from the issuance date, at a conversion rate of one thousand (1,000) shares of Common Stock for every one (1) share of Series
B Preferred Stock. Upon conversion, the shares are subject to a one-year restriction on sales into the market of no more than 5 previous
month s stock liquidity. 

During the year
ended December 31, 2021, shares of common stock were converted into shares of Series B Preferred
Stock by our management. 

As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, shares of Series B Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 

Series C
Preferred Stock 

shares, par value . Under the Certificate of Designation, holders
of Series C Preferred Stock will rank junior to the Series B Preferred Stock, but on par with common stock and Series A Preferred Stock
in any distribution upon winding up, dissolution, or liquidation of the company, as provided in the designation. The holders of shares
of Series C Preferred Stock have no dividend rights except as may be declared by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion, out of
funds legally available for that purpose. Holders of Series C Preferred Stock do not have voting rights but may convert into common stock
after twenty four months from the issuance date, at a conversion rate of one thousand (1,000) shares of Common Stock for every one (1)
share of Series C Preferred Stock. Upon conversion, the shares are subject to a one-year restriction on sales into the market of no more
than 5 previous month s stock liquidity. 

The rights of
the holders of Series C Preferred Stock are defined in the relevant Certificate of Designation filed with the Nevada Secretary of State
on January 7, 2021. 

As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, Series C Preferred Stock was issued or outstanding. 

Common Stock 

During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock, valued at fair market value on issuance as follows: 

shares issued for cash of 

shares for acquisitions of Whisl and Smartbiz valued at 

shares for asset acquisition valued at 

shares for compensation to our directors valued at 

shares for settlement of debt valued at 

shares for exercise of warrants for 

During the year
ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock, valued at fair market value on issuance as follows; 

shares issued for cash of , of which was recorded as subscription receivable as of December 31, 2021. The Company received
the on January 3, 2022. 

shares, valued at , issued for settlement of debt of 

shares for services valued at 

shares issued to our management for compensation valued at 

shares for forbearance of debt valued at 

shares issued for conversion of debt of 

During the year
ended December 31, 2021, the Company terminated a placement agent and advisory services agreement with a FINRA member dated September
22, 2020, and cancelled shares of common stock, which was issued for those services. The termination agreement allowed
the FINRA member to retain shares of the Company s common stock in connection with the services. 

As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Effective tax rate 

Deferred tax asset 

Foreign taxes 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

As of
December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately of net operating losses NOL generated to
December 31, 2022 carried forward to offset taxable income in future years which expire commencing in fiscal 2022. NOLs generated in the United States for 
tax years prior to December 31, 2017, can be carried forward for twenty years, whereas NOLs generated after December 31, 2017 can be
carried forward indefinitely in USA, and can be carried forward for 7 years in Switzerland. In assessing the realization of deferred
tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be
realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the
periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax
liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the assessment,
management has established a full valuation allowance against all of the deferred tax assets relating to NOLs for every period
because it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized other than those recorded at SwissLink,
because the Company anticipates utilizing the NOLs prior to their expiration. 

Utilization
of the NOL carry forwards may be subject to an annual limitation due to ownership change limitations that may have occurred or that could
occur in the future, as required by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). These ownership
changes may limit the amount of the NOL carry forwards that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively.
In general, an ownership change as defined by Section 382 of the Code results from a transaction or series of transactions
over a three-year period resulting in an ownership change of more than 50 percentage points of the outstanding stock of a company by certain
stockholders. 

Tax returns
for the years ended 2016 through 2022 are subject to review by the tax authorities. 

to our CEO and applied to due to CEO of . 

During the year
ended December 31, 2021, the Company wrote off due from related party of . 

During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company loaned and to a related party and collected and , respectively. 

As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had due from related parties of and , respectively. The loans are unsecured, non-interest
bearing and due on demand. 

Due to related
parties 

During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company repaid and , respectively, to the CEO and CFO of the Company. 

As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had amounts due to related parties of . The amounts are unsecured, non-interest bearing and
due on demand. 

Debt to Equity
Swap 

During the year
ended December 31, 2021 the Company recorded a debt to equity swap of as additional paid in capital. 

Employment
agreements 

During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded management salaries of and , respectively, and stock-based
compensation bonuses of and , respectively. 

As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and accrued management salaries of and , respectively. 

. For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred rent expense of and , respectively. 

Advisory
service 

On March 3,
2020, we appointed Oscar Brito as an advisor to our Board of Directors and agreed to pay him per month for such services.
Mr. Brito acted as an advisor to our Board of Directors. On February 11, 2021, the Company paid and the service was
terminated. 

On January 4,
2021, the Company terminated a placement agent and advisory services agreement with a FINRA member dated September 22, 2020, and cancelled shares
of common stock, which was issued for those services. The termination agreement allowed the FINRA member to retain shares
of the Company s common stock in connection with the services. 

Year ended
December 31, 2022 

 NOTE 15 - SEGMENT - Schedule of Operating Activities
by Geographic Segment 

USA 
 Switzerland 
 Elimination 
 Total 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

General and administration 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Year ended
December 31, 2021 

USA 
 Switzerland 
 Elimination 
 Total 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

General and administration 

Operating income (loss) 

Other income (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Asset
Information 

The following
table shows asset information by geographic segment as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 USA 
 Switzerland 
 Elimination 
 Total 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Non-current assets 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

December 31, 2021 
 USA 
 Switzerland 
 Elimination 
 Total 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Non-current assets 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

shares for exercise of warrants and received . 

F- 21 

 Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

There were no changes or disagreements with our accountants on accounting
and financial disclosure. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As required by Rule 13a-15 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, being December 31, 2022. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated
and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Based upon that evaluation, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective
as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 

Management s Annual Report
on Internal Control over Financing Reporting 

Our management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934). Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based
on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
As a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was
not effective. Our management identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which are
indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation of duties and effective risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient
written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both US GAAP
and SEC guidelines. 

We plan to take steps to enhance
and improve the design of our internal control over financial reporting. During the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K,
we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we hope to implement the following
changes during our fiscal year ending December 31, 2023: (i) appoint additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation
of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting.
The remediation efforts set out in (i) and (ii) are largely dependent upon our securing additional financing to cover the costs of implementing
the changes required. If we are unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely affected in a material manner. 

This annual report does not include
an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption for non-accelerated
filers set forth in Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

Inherent Limitations 

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. The
design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no
assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Further, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.
Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control
issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments
in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdown can occur because of simple error or mistake. In particular, many of our current
processes rely upon manual reviews and processes to ensure that neither human error nor system weakness has resulted in erroneous reporting
of financial data. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
during the three month period ended December 31, 2022, which were identified in conjunction with management s evaluation required
by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

None 

20 

 Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The following information sets forth the names, ages, and positions of
our current directors and executive officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions and Offices Held 
 
 Leandro Iglesias 

58 

President, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Alvaro Quintana Cardona 

52 

Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Juan Carlos Lopez Silva 

56 

Chief Commercial Officer 
 
 Raul Perez 

72 

Director 
 
 Jose Antonio Barreto 

64 

Director 
 
 Italo Segnini 

58 

Director 

Set forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience
of each of our current executive officers and directors. 

Leandro Iglesias 

Before founding Etelix in year 2008, where he has acted as President and
CEO, Mr. Iglesias was the International Business Manager at CANTV/Movilnet (the Venezuelan biggest telecommunications services provider).
He held this position between January 2003 and July 2008, while the company was under the control of Verizon. Previous to his position
in Cantv/Movilnet Mr. Iglesias was Executive Vice President and responsible of the Latin America marketing division of American Internet
Communications (August 1998 December 2002). Leandro Iglesias has developed a career for more than 20 years in the telecommunications
industry with a particular emphasis in the international long-distance traffic business, submarine cables, satellite communications and
international roaming services. He is Electronic Engineer graduate from Universidad Simon Bolivar and graduated from the Management Program
at IESA Business School. He also holds an MBA from Universidad Nororiental Gran Mariscal de Ayacucho. 

Aside from that provided above, Mr. Iglesias does not hold and has not
held over the past five years any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the
Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

We believe that Mr. Iglesias is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors
because of his wealth of experience in the telecom industry. 

Alvaro Quintana Cardona 

Alvaro Quintana has developed a career of more than twenty years of experience
in the telecommunication industry with particular focus on regulatory affairs, strategic planning, value added services and international
interconnection agreements. Before joining Etelix in year 2013 as Chief Operation Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Quintana acted
between June 2004 and May 2013 as Interconnection and Value-Added Services Manager at Digitel (a mobile service provider in Venezuela,
formerly a Telecom Italia Mobile subsidiary). He holds a Bachelor Degree in Business Administration and a Specialist Degree in Economics,
both from the Universidad Catolica Andres Bello. He also holds a Master in Telecommunications from the EOI Business School in Spain. 

Aside from that provided above, Mr. Cardona does not hold and has not held
over the past five years any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange
Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940. 

We believe that Mr. Quintana is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors
because of his wealth of experience in the telecom industry. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

Juan Carlos Lopez Silva 

Juan Carlos Lopez Silva is an Engineer graduated from Universidad de Los
Andes, with a Master degree in Project Management from the Pontificia Universidad Javeriana; and MBA from EADA Business School; with more
than 20 years of experience in project management, negotiation, business development and management on international companies. Previous
to joining Etelix in August 2011 as Chief Commercial Officer, Juan Carlos was International Carrier Relations Manager at Colombia Telecomunicaciones
S.A. Esp. a subsidiary of Telefonica of Spain, between September 2003 and June 2011. 

Aside from that provided above, Mr. Silva does not hold and has not held
over the past five years any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange
Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940. 

Raul A Perez 

From December 1, 2014 to present, Mr. Perez serves as CFO of Deerbrook
Family Dentistry, PC, Dental Practice in Humble, Texas. From November 1, 2017 to January 31, 2019, he served as Senior Accountant to Principrin
School, PC, Day Care in Houston, Texas. 

Mr. Perez has been in finance for more than 40 years, starting in 1970
as analyst in treasury and finance departments and progressively assuming different positions up to corporate treasurer for large corporations.
He served for Sudamtex of Venezuela, C.A for 5 years and Polar Brewery in Caracas, Venezuela for 10 year. Beginning in 2000, he accepted
a position as a Director of the Security and Exchange Commission of Venezuela to have the surveillance of Venezuelan stock market participants.
Also, in 2004 he completed the requirements and received his certification as a Venezuelan Investment Advisor. Later, as an independent
contractor for three years, he was selected as the Corporate Compliance Officer for an especially important stock market broker dealer
in Venezuela, Activalores Casa de Bolsa, in which he developed the Compliance Unit and manuals required by local and international anti
money laundering laws. He also taught Advanced Institute of Finance (IAF) in Caracas being a professor of Corporate Finance and Managerial
Accounting for 5 years. 

Mr. Perez has a Bachelor s degree in accounting (1976), and MBA Finance
(1982), gave me the overall knowledge of finance and how to plan, start up, run, and control a business. 

We have selected Mr. Perez to serve as an independent director because
of his education, skills and experience in finance and his regulatory history. 

Jose Antonio Barreto 

From 2006 to the present, Mr. Barreto has been Chief
Business Development Officer of Xpectra Remote Management / Mexico. There he was in charge of directing all aspects of account development
and sales effort to close specific private and government opportunities and developing strategic accounts in Mexico and the LATAM region.
From 2020 to present, he has been an advisor to our Board of Directors. 

Mr. Barreto has more than 30 years of experience working
in telecommunications and technology companies. He has been directly responsible of leading the business development and operational in
several telecommunication and technology companies acquisition activity, with the responsibility of leading the technical, operation
and financial analysis. Over the last 14 years, Jose Antonio has been the North and Central American leader, spanning from Mexico to Panama,
in the development of commercial processes in the technology security field, artificial intelligence, Internet of Things (IoT) platforms,
as well as cutting edge technology solutions and software systems. 

He studied Electronic Engineering at the Universidad
Sim n Bolivar followed by a Master of Science Degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering at Rice University. He also completed
the Master in Telecommunications Management offered by Universidad Simon Bolivar and the Telecom SudParis Institute. 

We have selected Mr. Barreto to serve as an independent director because
of his education, skills and experience in technology companies. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

Italo R. Segnini 

From March 2020 to the present, Mr. Segnini has been
serving as Global Carrier Partnership Director of Sierra Wireless. From June 2019 to February 2020, he served as an Independent Telecom
Consultant. From 2017 to 2019, he served as Director of International Carrier Business for Televisa Telecom. From 2012 to 2019, he served
as Director International Carrier Business for Millicom. 

Mr. Segnini is a long time Telecommunicaction industry professional who
has had high level positions at Global Tier Ones for more than 20 years, Telefonica, Millicon and Televisa, Sierra Wireless to mention
a few. Mr. Segnini has extensive executive experience in the Telecom areas like Voice, A2P, SMS, Data, Roaming, Mobility Services, B2B,
MNO, MVNO, IoT, Interconnection, etc., and a solid business performance record spanning multiple functions including International commercial
negotiations, management, sales, business development, sales, regulatory and operations. Italo R. Segnini holds a Juris Doctor degree
from the Andres Bello Catholic University, a Telecommunication Masters Degree from Madrid Pontificia Comillas University and an MBA from
IESA Business School 

Term of Office 

Our Directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the
next annual general meeting of our stockholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed
by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board, subject to their respective employment agreements. 

Significant Employees 

We have no significant employees other than our officers and directors. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between or among the directors, executive
officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors or executive officers. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past 10 years, none of our current directors, nominees for directors
or current executive officers has been involved in any legal proceeding identified in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K, including: 

 1. Any petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state
insolvency law filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property
of such person, or any partnership in which he or she was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or
any corporation or business association of which he or she was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

 2. Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being named a subject
of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

 3. Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him or her from, or otherwise
limiting, the following activities: 

 i. Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker,
commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer
in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance
company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; 

 ii. Engaging in any type of business practice; or 

 iii. Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase
or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

23 

 Table of Contents 

4. Being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the
right of such person to engage in any type of business regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, securities, investment,
insurance or banking activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

 5. Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil
action or by the SEC to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission
has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

 6. Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil
action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action
or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

 7. Being subject to, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial
or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation
of: 

 i. Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation;
or 

 ii. Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or
insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money
penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or 

 iii. Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud
in connection with any business entity; or 

 8. Being subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))),
any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange,
association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Director Independence 

The Board of Directors reviews the independence of our directors on the
basis of standards adopted by the NASDAQ Stock Market NASDAQ ). As a part of this review, the Board of Directors considers
transactions and relationships between our company, on the one hand, and each director, members of the director s immediate family,
and other entities with which the director is affiliated, on the other hand. The purpose of such a review is to determine which, if any,
of such transactions or relationships were inconsistent with a determination that the director is independent under NASDAQ rules. As a
result of this review, the Board of Directors has determined that none of our directors is an independent director within
the meaning of applicable NASDAQ listing standards. 

Committees of the Board 

 Our full board serves the functions that would normally be served by a
separately-designated Nominating Committee, and. 

Company has an Audit Committee with a financial expert on the Board and
a majority of independent members. 

Company has a Compensation Committee with a majority of independent members. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act
requires our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s
equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other equity
securities of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent beneficial stockholders are required by SEC regulations to
furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To the best of our knowledge based solely on a review of Forms 3, 4, and
5 (and any amendments thereof) received by us, no persons have failed to file, on a timely basis, the identified reports required by Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act during fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Following the year end, all of the Form 3s were filed late for incoming
management of Etelix.com USA LLC. 

Code of Ethics 

Company has a code of ethics. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid
to our former or current executive officers for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and principal 
 Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) (1)(2) 
 
 Total 
 ) 

Leandro Iglesias 
 President, CEO and Director 
 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 204,000 
 174,000 
 
 - 
 419,024 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 204,000 
 593,024 

Alvaro Quintana 
 Treasury, Secretary and Director 
 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 144,000 
 159,088 
 
 - 
 337,674 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 144,000 
 496,762 

Juan Carlos L pez 
 Chief Commercial Officer 
 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 120,000 
 80,000 
 
 - 
 244,050 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 120,000 
 324,050 

On May 2, 2019, the Company entered into Employment Agreements with the
following persons: (i) Leandro Iglesias as President, CEO and Chairperson of the Company s Board of Directors with an annual salary
of 168,000 with an annual bonus of 3 of our net income; (ii) Juan Carlos Lopez Silva as Chief Commercial Officer with an annual salary
of 120,000 with an annual bonus of 3 of our net income; and Alvaro Quintana Cardona as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
with an annual salary of 144,000 with an annual bonus of 3 of our net income. The Employment Agreements have a term of 36 months, are
renewable automatically for 24-month periods, unless the Company gives written notice at least 90 days prior to termination of the initial
36-month term. The Company shall have the right to terminate any of the employment agreements at any time without prior notice, but in
that event, the Company shall pay these persons salaries and other benefits they are entitled to receive under their respective agreements
for three years. The above executive officers agreed to two year non-compete and non-solicit restrictive covenants with the Company. If
any of the executive officers are terminated for cause they shall forfeit any rights to severance. 

On November 1, 2020, our board of directors approved amended employments
in favor of our Chief Executive Officer, Leandro Iglesias, our Chief Financial Officer, Alvaro Quintana, and our Chief Commercial Officer,
Juan Carlos Lopez Silva. 

The amended employment agreement in favor of Mr. Iglesias extended the
term of employment from 36 months to 60 months. The now five year employment agreement with Mr. Iglesias provides that we will compensate
him with a salary of 17,000 monthly and he is eligible for quarterly bonus of 250,000 shares of our common stock. If we do not have the
cash available, the agreement provides that Mr. Iglesias may convert his accrued salary/bonus into shares of our common stock or newly
created Series A Preferred Stock. For common shares, the amount of accrued salary to be converted into shares must be determined by considering
the average price per share of the Company s common stock on the OTC Markets during the last 10 days and applying a discount of
25 . For Series A Preferred Shares, the amount of accrued salary to be converted into shares is the per share conversion price
for common shares multiplied by ten US Dollars 10). Mr. Iglesias has a further right to convert any common shares under his control
into Series A Preferred shares at any time at a rate of ten (10) common shares for each Series A Preferred share. 

The amended employment agreement in favor of Mr. Quintana extended the
term of employment from 36 months to 60 months. The now five year employment agreement with Mr. Quintana provides that he is eligible
for quarterly bonus of 200,000 shares of our common stock. If we do not have the cash available, the agreement provides that Mr. Quintana
may convert his accrued salary/bonus into shares of our common stock or newly created Series A Preferred Stock. For common shares, the
amount of accrued salary to be converted into shares must be determined by considering the average price per share of the Company s
common stock on the OTC Markets during the last 10 days and applying a discount of 25 . For Series A Preferred Shares, the amount
of accrued salary to be converted into shares is the per share conversion price for common shares multiplied by ten US Dollars 10).
Mr. Quintana has a further right to convert any common shares under his control into Series A Preferred shares at any time at a rate of
ten (10) common shares for each Series A Preferred share. 

The amended employment agreement in favor of Mr. Silva extended the term
of employment from 36 months to 60 months. Mr. Silva is eligible for quarterly bonuses of 150,000 shares of our common stock. If we do
not have the cash available, the agreement provides that Mr. Iglesias may convert his accrued salary/bonus into shares of our common stock
at the average price of our common stock during the last 10 days after applying a discount of 25 . 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Option Grants 

We have not granted any options or stock appreciation rights to our named
executive officers or directors since inception. We do not have any stock option plans. 

Compensation of Directors 

All Directors shall receive reimbursement for reasonable travel expenses
incurred to attend Board and committee meetings. 

Effective on July 1, 2021 and thereafter, all Directors shall be compensated
monthly up to 4,000 shares of common stock cash of 1,000 for their service as Directors. The Chairman and Secretary of the Board shall
receive an additional 2,000 per month in addition to the Director compensation. 

In lieu of the cash compensation set forth above, each Director may elect
to receive shares of the Corporation's Common Stock equal to the total cash compensation divided by the average market value of the Company's
Common Stock during the last 10 trading days and applying a discount of 25 . 

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement
or similar benefits to our directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or
non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion
of the board of directors or a committee thereof. 

Compensation Committee 

The Company have a compensation committee of the board of directors. This
committee is constituted by independent members of the Board and participates in the consideration of executive officer and director compensation. 

Indebtedness of Directors, Senior Officers, Executive Officers and Other
Management 

None of our directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate
of our company during the last two fiscal years is or has been indebted to our company by way of guarantee, support agreement, letter
of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth, as of March 24, 2022, certain information
as to shares of our voting stock owned by (i) each person known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our outstanding voting stock,
(ii) each of our directors, and (iii) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

 Unless otherwise indicated below, to our knowledge, all persons listed
below have sole voting and investment power with respect to their shares of voting stock, except to the extent authority is shared by
spouses under applicable law. Unless otherwise indicated below, each entity or person listed below maintains an address of 300
Aragon Avenue, Suite 375, Coral Gables, FL 33134. 

 The number of shares beneficially owned by each stockholder is determined
under rules promulgated by the SEC. The information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under
these rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the individual or entity has sole or shared voting or investment power
and any shares as to which the individual or entity has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days through the exercise
of any stock option, warrant or other right. The inclusion in the following table of those shares, however, does not constitute an admission
that the named stockholder is a direct or indirect beneficial owner. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

Common Stock 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 

Number of Shares Owned 
 (1) 

Percent of Class 
 (2) 
 
 Leandro Iglesias 

542,932 

0.3307 

Alvaro Quintana Cardona 

1,121,842 

0.6833 

Juan Carlos Lopez Silva 

925,497 

0.5637 

Raul Perez 

8,000 

0.005 

Jose Antonio Barreto 

8,000 

0.005 

Italo Segnini 

8,000 

0.005 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (6 persons) 

2,614,271 

1.5924 

Series A Preferred Stock 

Name of Beneficial Owner 

Number of Shares Owned 
 (1) 

Percent of Class 
 (3) 

Leandro Iglesias 

7,000 

70.00 

Alvaro Quintana Cardona 

3,000 

30.00 

Juan Carlos Lopez Silva 

Raul Perez 

Jose Antonio Barreto 

Italo Segnini 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (6 persons) 

10,000 

100.00 

(1) Unless otherwise indicated, each person or entity named in the table
has sole voting power and investment power (or shares that power with that person s spouse) with respect to all shares of voting
stock listed as owned by that person or entity. 

(2) Pursuant to Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act, beneficial ownership
includes any shares as to which a shareholder has sole or shared voting power or investment power, and also any shares which the shareholder
has the right to acquire within 60 days, including upon exercise of common shares purchase options or warrants. The percent of class is
based on 164,176,688 voting shares as of April 10, 2023. 

(3) Pursuant to Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act, beneficial ownership
includes any shares as to which a shareholder has sole or shared voting power or investment power, and also any shares which the shareholder
has the right to acquire within 60 days, including upon exercise of common shares purchase options or warrants. The percent of class is
based on 10,000 voting shares as of April 10, 2023. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Other than described below or the transactions described under the heading
 Executive Compensation (or with respect to which such information is omitted in accordance with SEC regulations), there
have not been, and there is not currently proposed, any transaction or series of similar transactions to which we were or will be a participant
in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end
for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any director, executive officer, holder of 5 or more of any class of our capital
stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Due from related party 

During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company loaned 1,000 and 220,674 to a related party and collected 700 and 226, respectively. 

As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had due from related parties of 326,324 and 424,086, respectively. The loans are unsecured, non-interest
bearing and due on demand. 

Due to related parties 

During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company repaid 0 and 90,787, respectively, to the CEO and CFO of the Company. 

As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had amounts due to related parties of 26,613. The amounts are unsecured, non-interest bearing and
due on demand. 

Dept to Equity Swap 

During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company
recorded a debt-to-equity swap to a related party of 1,647,150 as additional paid in capital. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Below are tables of Audit Fees (amounts in US billed
by our auditors in connection with the audits of the Company s annual financial statements for the years ended: 

Financial Statements for the 
Year Ended December 31 
 
 Audit Services 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 
 Tax Fees 
 
 Other Fees 
 
 2021 

136,297 

29,500 

0 

0 

2022 

180,710 

1,717 

0 

0 

28 

 Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 

(a) Financial Statements and Schedules 

The following financial statements and schedules listed below are included in this Form 10-K. 

 Financial Statements (See Item 8) 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Exhibit 2.1 
 
 Membership
 Interest Purchase Agreement(1) 
 
 Exhibit 2.2 
 
 Memorandum
 of Understanding and Shareholders Agreement dated February 21, 2020(5) 
 
 Exhibit 2.3 
 
 Memorandum
 of Understanding and Shareholders Agreement dated February 12, 2020(6) 
 
 Exhibit 2.4 
 
 Company
 Purchase Agreement, dated April 1, 2019(11) 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of the Registrant (2) 
 
 Exhibit 3.2 
 
 Bylaws
 of the Registrant (2) 
 
 Exhibit 3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment(3) 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 
 
 Amendment
 #2 to the Crown Capital Note dated March 2, 2020(4) 
 
 Exhibit 4.2 
 
 Amendment
 #2 to the Auctus Fund Note dated March 2, 2020(4) 
 
 Exhibit 4.2 
 
 Amendment
 #1 to the Labrys Fund Note dated February 11, 2020(7) 
 
 Exhibit 4.3 
 
 Amendment
 #1 to the Apollo Note dated December 23, 2019(8) 
 
 Exhibit 4.4 
 
 Amendment
 #1 to the Apollo Note dated December 24, 2019(8) 
 
 Exhibit 4.5 
 
 Amendment
 #1 to the Apollo Note dated December 24, 2019(8) 
 
 Exhibit 4.6 
 
 Amendment
 #1 to the Apollo Note dated December 24, 2019(8) 
 
 Exhibit 4.7 
 
 Amendment
 #1 to the Apollo Note dated December 24, 2019(8) 
 
 Exhibit 4.8 
 
 Amendment
 #1 to the Apollo Note dated December 24, 2019(8) 
 
 Exhibit 4.9 
 
 Amendment
 #1 to the Apollo Note dated December 24, 2019(8) 
 
 Exhibit 4.10 
 
 Amendment
 #1 to the Crown Capital Note dated December 23, 2019(8) 
 
 Exhibit 4.11 
 
 Amendment
 #1 to the Auctus Fund Note dated January 1, 2020(8) 
 
 Exhibit 4.12 
 
 Senior
 Secured Convertible Promissory Note to Labrys Fund dated December 3, 2019(9) 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 
 
 Conversion
 Agreement with Carmen Cabell(1) 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
 
 Conversion
 Agreement with Patrick Gosselin(1) 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
 
 Conversion
 Agreement with Mark Engler(1) 
 
 Exhibit 10.4 
 
 Employment
 Agreement with Leandro Iglesias(1) 
 
 Exhibit 10.5 
 
 Employment
 Agreement with Alvaro Quintana Cardona(1) 
 
 Exhibit 10.6 
 
 Employment
 Agreement with Juan Carlos Lopez Silva(1) 
 
 Exhibit 10.7 
 
 Forbearance
 Agreement dated December 12, 2019(8) 
 
 Exhibit 10.8 
 
 Temporary
 Forbearance Agreement dated December 18, 2019(8) 
 
 Exhibit 10.9 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated December 3, 2019(9) 
 
 Exhibit 10.10 
 
 Employment
 and Indemnification Agreements with Leandro Iglesias, dated May 2, 2019(10) 
 
 Exhibit 10.11 
 
 Employment
 and Indemnification Agreements with Alvaro Quintana, dated May 2, 2019(10) 
 
 Exhibit 10.12 
 
 Employment
 and Indemnification Agreements with Juan Carlos Lopez Silva, dated May 2, 2019(10) 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Exhibit 101 
 
 The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL). 

Filed herewith 

1. 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2018. 

2. 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on August 18, 2011. 

3. 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2018. 

4. 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2020. 

5. 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2020. 

6. 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on February 19, 2020. 

7. 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2020. 

8. 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on January 6, 2020. 

9. 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on December 11, 2019. 

10. 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on May 6, 2019. 

11. 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on April 4, 2019. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

 None 

29 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

IQSTEL Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Leandro Iglesias 

Leandro Iglesias 
 Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer 

April 14, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Alvaro Quintana Cardona 

Alvaro Quintana Cardona 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 Date: 
 April 14, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: 
 /s/ Leandro Iglesias 

Leandro Iglesias 
 Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer 

April 14, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Alvaro Quintana Cardona 

Alvaro Quintana Cardona 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 Date: 
 April 14, 2023 

30 

<EX-101.SCH>
 2
 iqst-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 4
 iqst-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 5
 iqst-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 iqst-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31_1.htm

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Leandro Iglesias, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of iQSTEL Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

/s/ Leandro Iglesias 

 By: Leandro Iglesias 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31_2.htm

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Alvaro Quintana Cardona, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of iQSTEL Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

/s/ Alvaro Quintana Cardona 

 By: Alvaro Quintana Cardona 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32_1.htm

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual Report of iQSTEL, Inc.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
I, Leandro Iglesias, Chief Executive Office, and I, Alvaro Quintana Cardona, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the consolidated result of operations of the
Company for the periods presented. 

By: 
 /s/ Leandro Iglesias 
 
 Name: 
 Leandro Iglesias 
 
 Title: 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 
 Date: 
 April 14, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Alvaro Quintana Cardona 
 
 Name: 
 Alvaro Quintana Cardona 
 
 Title: 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 
 Date: 
 April 14, 2023 

This certification has been furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

</EX-32.1>

