<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230411_10-K_edgar_data_1832765_0001410578-23-000625.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5686667</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>190022</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>908931</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1742120</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1121247</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1600870</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000625.hdr.sgml : 20230411
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230410194849
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000625
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230411
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230410

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Edify Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001832765
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39899
		FILM NUMBER:		23812141

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		888 SEVENTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2126032818

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		888 SEVENTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10106

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000625.txt : 20230411

10-K
 1
 eac-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 10106 (212) 603-2800 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the fi ling reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No At June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was . The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s shares of common stock as of April 10, 2023 was . 

Table of Contents 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2023 PART I 2 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 2 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 8 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 8 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 8 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 8 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 8 PART II 9 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 9 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 9 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 10 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 14 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 14 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 14 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 15 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 16 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 16 PART III 16 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 16 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 22 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 22 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 24 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 26 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 28 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: ability to complete our initial business combination; success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; pool of prospective target businesses; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; the lack of a market for our securities; use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or financial performance following our initial public offering. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws and/or if and when management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections are no longer reasonably attainable. 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Introduction Edify Acquisition Corp. EAC or the Company a newly organized blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation on September 30, 2020 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this report as our initial business combination or our business combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we intend to focus our search on businesses in education, edtech, workforce development, and HCM sectors in the United States. On January 20, 2021, EAC consummated its initial public offering (the IPO of 27,600,000 units (the Units ), each Unit consisting of one share of common stock of EAC, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant Warrant ), each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Common Stock for 11.50 per share. The closing included the full exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to EAC of 276,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, EAC consummated the private placement Private Placement with Colbeck Edify Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor of 5,640,000 warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating total proceeds of 5,640,000. The Private Warrants are identical to the Warrants (as defined below) sold in the IPO except that the Private Warrants will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the Sponsor, the anchor investors or their permitted transferees. Additionally, our Sponsor and anchor investors have agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any of the Private Warrants or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the Registration Statement) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination. Our Sponsor and anchor investors were granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights in connection with the purchase of the Private Warrants. As of January 20, 2021, a total of 276,000,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement (as defined below) were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of EAC s public stockholders at Morgan Stanley maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to (i) pay our tax obligations or (ii) for working capital purposes (but not to exceed 250,000 annually) (less up to 100,000 interest to pay dissolution expenses), the amounts in trust will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (a) the completion of our initial business combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by January 21, 2023 or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by January 21, 2023, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our public stockholders. Merger Agreement On December 18, 2022, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement by and among the Company, Edify Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), and Unique Logistics International, Inc., a Nevada corporation Unique Logistics ). The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, and in accordance with the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS and other applicable laws, Merger Sub will merge with and into Unique Logistics (the Merger ), with Unique Logistics being the surviving corporation of the Merger (Unique Logistics, in its capacity as the surviving corporation of the Merger, the Surviving Corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 The proposed Merger is expected to be consummated after receipt of the required approvals from the stockholders of the Company and Unique Logistics and the satisfaction of certain other conditions summarized below. Closing Merger Consideration At the effective time of the Merger, each share of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Unique Logistics Unique Logistics Common Stock (other than excluded shares and dissenting shares) will be cancelled and automatically deemed for all purposes to represent the right to receive a number of shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Buyer Buyer Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient of (i) the Per Share Consideration Value (as defined herein), divided by (ii) 10.00 (subject to equitable adjustment) (the Common Exchange Ratio ). The Per Share Consideration Value equals the quotient of (i) 282 million, divided by (ii) the sum of (A) the number of shares of Unique Logistics Common Stock, plus (B) the number of shares of Unique Logistics Common Stock into which all of the shares of Unique Logistics convertible preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Unique Logistics (collectively, the Unique Logistics Convertible Preferred Stock would convert, in each case, as of immediately prior to the Merger, taking into account the effects of the Transactions in accordance with the certificate of designations applicable to such Unique Logistics Convertible Preferred Stock. At the effective time of the Merger: each share of Unique Logistics Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (other than excluded shares and dissenting shares) will be cancelled and automatically deemed for all purposes to represent the right to receive a number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Unique Logistics Common Stock into which such share of Unique Logistics Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible, taking into account the effects of the Transactions in accordance with the certificate of designation applicable to such Unique Logistics Convertible Preferred Stock, and (ii) the Common Exchange Ratio; each share of Unique Logistics Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (other than Excluded Shares and Dissenting Shares) will be cancelled and automatically deemed for all purposes to represent the right to receive a number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Unique Logistics Common Stock into which such share of Unique Logistics Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible, taking into account the effects of the Transactions in accordance with the certificate of designation applicable to such Unique Logistics Convertible Preferred Stock, and (ii) the Common Exchange Ratio; each share of Unique Logistics Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (other than excluded shares and dissenting shares) will be cancelled and automatically deemed for all purposes to represent the right to receive a number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Unique Logistics Common Stock into which such share of Unique Logistics Series C Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible, taking into account the effects of the Transactions in accordance with the certificate of designation applicable to such Unique Logistics Convertible Preferred Stock, and (ii) the Common Exchange Ratio; and each share of Unique Logistics Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (other than excluded shares and dissenting shares) will be cancelled and automatically deemed for all purposes to represent the right to receive a number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Unique Logistics Common Stock into which such share of Company Series D Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible, taking into account the effects of the Transactions in accordance with the certificate of designation applicable to such Unique Logistics Convertible Preferred Stock, and (ii) the Common Exchange Ratio. 
 Unique Logistics stockholders will also have the opportunity to earn up to 1,250,000 additional shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock if (i) the trading price of Company s Class A Common Stock exceeds 12.00 per share during the seven-year period following the date that is sixty days after the date of the closing (the Closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the Transactions or (ii) the Company or the Surviving Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries consummate a merger, consolidation, tender offer, exchange offer or business combination or sale of all or substantially all of its assets (each, a Sale Transaction ), in which the fair value of the consideration (including all forms of consideration, including contingent consideration) payable in respect of each outstanding share of Company s Class A Common Stock in such Sale Transaction equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (on a fully diluted basis), subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement. Company stockholders will also have the opportunity 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 to earn 1,250,000 additional shares of Company s Class A Common Stock if the trading price of the Company s Class A Common Stock exceeds 15.00 per share in the same circumstances as above. Sponsor Support Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Colbeck Edify Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor entered into an amended and restated letter agreement with the Company, Unique Logistics and certain directors and officers of the Company pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed: (i) to waive certain anti-dilution rights that may have otherwise entitled the Sponsor to more than one share of the Company s Class A Common Stock per share upon conversion of the Sponsor s founder shares on a one-to-one basis into shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock in connection with the consummation of the Merger; (ii) to forfeit 1,713,139 of its founder shares contingent upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; (iii) to support the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including agreeing to vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement at the Special Meeting; (iv) not to transfer founder shares or private placement warrants between the date of the Merger Agreement and the Closing; and (v) contingent upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, not to transfer any shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company (or shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof), or any warrant entitling the Sponsor to purchase one share of the Company s Class A Common Stock per warrant, in each case, for a period of 12 months following the date of the Closing subject to potential early termination if the trading price of the Company s Class A Common Stock trades above 12.00 per share for a period specified therein. For additional information, refer to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on December 19, 2022. Extensions and Redemptions On December 21, 2022, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting ). On December 6, 2022, the record date for the Special Meeting, there were 34,500,000 issued and outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock entitled to vote at the Special Meeting, 82.84 of which were represented in person or by proxy. The stockholders voted on a proposal to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to allow the Company to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination from January 20, 2023 (the date that is 24 months from the closing date of the Company s IPO to April 20, 2023 (the date that is 27 months from the closing date of the IPO) (the Amended Date and on a monthly basis up to three times from the Amended Date to July 20, 2023 (the date that is 30 months from the closing date of the IPO).The stockholders also voted on a proposal amend the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 14, 2021 (the Trust Agreement ), by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (the Trustee ), to allow the Company to (A) extend the date on which the Trustee must liquidate the trust account established by the Company in connection with the IPO if the Company has not completed its initial business combination from January 20, 2023 (the date that is 24 months from the closing date of the IPO) to April 20, 2023 (the date that is 27 months from the closing date of the IPO) by depositing the lesser of (a) 225,000 and (b) 0.15 into the trust account for each public share that has not been redeemed in accordance with the terms of the Company s charter for such three month extension, and (B) further extend the Combination Period on a monthly basis up to three times from the Amended Date to July 20, 2023 (the date that is 30 months from the closing date of the IPO) by depositing the lesser of (a) 75,000 and (b) 0.05 into the trust account for each public share that has not been redeemed in accordance with the terms of the Company s charter for each subsequent one-month extension. Each of the proposals described above was approved by the Company s stockholders. The Company s stockholders elected to redeem an aggregate 25,912,336 shares of Common Stock in connection with the Special Meeting. On January 18, 2023, the Company deposited 225,000 into the trust account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement. As of April 10, 2023, the Company s trust account balance was 17,664,687.86. Redemption rights for public stockholders upon completion of our initial business combination We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes and/or to fund our working capital requirements, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account was initially 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them and any public shares they may acquire during or after the initial public offering in connection with the completion of our initial business combination or otherwise. We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirements. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. Whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above. Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased by them during or after the initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our sponsor, officers and directors, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public stockholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates delivered, or shares tendered electronically, by public stockholders who elected to redeem their shares. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Limitation on redemption rights of stockholders holding 15 or more of the shares sold in this offering if we hold stockholder vote Pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering, without our prior consent. We believe the restriction described above discourages stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to redeem their shares as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights against an initial business combination if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem to no more than 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including all shares held by those stockholders that hold more than 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering) for or against our initial business combination. Conflicts of Interest Each of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Emerging Growth Company Status and Other Information We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Employees We currently have two executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We currently maintain our executive offices at 888 7th Avenue, Floor 29, New York, NY 10106. On January 14, 2021, we agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our units began to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol EACPU on January 15, 2021. The shares of common stock and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on Nasdaq on February 16, 2021, under the symbols EAC and EACPW , respectively. Holders of Record At April 10, 2023, there were 8,587,664 of our shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding held by two holders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of ordinary shares whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on September 30, 2020, for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. Recent Developments Merger Agreement On December 18, 2022, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement by and among the Company, Edify Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), and Unique Logistics International, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Unique Logistics ). The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, and in accordance with the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS and other applicable laws, Merger Sub will merge with and into Unique Logistics (the Merger ), with Unique Logistics being the surviving corporation of the Merger (Unique Logistics, in its capacity as the surviving corporation of the Merger, the Surviving Corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The proposed Merger is expected to be consummated after receipt of the required approvals from the stockholders of the Company and Unique Logistics and the satisfaction of certain other conditions summarized below. Closing Merger Consideration At the effective time of the Merger, each share of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Unique Logistics Unique Logistics Common Stock (other than excluded shares and dissenting shares) will be cancelled and automatically deemed for all purposes to represent the right to receive a number of shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Buyer Buyer Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient of (i) the Per Share Consideration Value (as defined herein), divided by (ii) 10.00 (subject to equitable adjustment) (the Common Exchange Ratio ). The Per Share Consideration Value equals the quotient of (i) 282 million, divided by (ii) the sum of (A) the number of shares of Unique Logistics Common Stock, plus (B) the number of shares of Unique Logistics Common Stock into which all of the shares of Unique Logistics convertible preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Unique Logistics (collectively, the Unique Logistics Convertible Preferred Stock would convert, in each case, as of immediately prior to the Merger, taking into account the effects of the Transactions in accordance with the certificate of designations applicable to such Unique Logistics Convertible Preferred Stock. At the effective time of the Merger: each share of Unique Logistics Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (other than excluded shares and dissenting shares) will be cancelled and automatically deemed for all purposes to represent the right to receive a number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Unique Logistics Common Stock 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 into which such share of Unique Logistics Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible, taking into account the effects of the Transactions in accordance with the certificate of designation applicable to such Unique Logistics Convertible Preferred Stock, and (ii) the Common Exchange Ratio; each share of Unique Logistics Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (other than Excluded Shares and Dissenting Shares) will be cancelled and automatically deemed for all purposes to represent the right to receive a number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Unique Logistics Common Stock into which such share of Unique Logistics Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible, taking into account the effects of the Transactions in accordance with the certificate of designation applicable to such Unique Logistics Convertible Preferred Stock, and (ii) the Common Exchange Ratio; each share of Unique Logistics Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (other than excluded shares and dissenting shares) will be cancelled and automatically deemed for all purposes to represent the right to receive a number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Unique Logistics Common Stock into which such share of Unique Logistics Series C Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible, taking into account the effects of the Transactions in accordance with the certificate of designation applicable to such Unique Logistics Convertible Preferred Stock, and (ii) the Common Exchange Ratio; and each share of Unique Logistics Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (other than excluded shares and dissenting shares) will be cancelled and automatically deemed for all purposes to represent the right to receive a number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Unique Logistics Common Stock into which such share of Company Series D Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible, taking into account the effects of the Transactions in accordance with the certificate of designation applicable to such Unique Logistics Convertible Preferred Stock, and (ii) the Common Exchange Ratio. 
 Unique Logistics stockholders will also have the opportunity to earn up to 1,250,000 additional shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock if (i) the trading price of Company s Class A Common Stock exceeds 12.00 per share during the seven-year period following the date that is sixty days after the date of the closing (the Closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the Transactions or (ii) the Company or the Surviving Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries consummate a merger, consolidation, tender offer, exchange offer or business combination or sale of all or substantially all of its assets (each, a Sale Transaction ), in which the fair value of the consideration (including all forms of consideration, including contingent consideration) payable in respect of each outstanding share of Company s Class A Common Stock in such Sale Transaction equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (on a fully diluted basis), subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement. Company stockholders will also have the opportunity to earn 1,250,000 additional shares of Company s Class A Common Stock if the trading price of the Company s Class A Common Stock exceeds 15.00 per share in the same circumstances as above. For additional information, refer to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on December 19, 2022. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, a Business Combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of approximately 11.1 million, which consists of income of approximately 9.0 million derived from the change in fair value of warrant liabilities and interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of approximately 3.8 million, offset by general and administrative expenses of approximately 1.2 million and provision for income taxes of approximately 0.7 million. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net income of approximately 11.9 million, which consists of income of approximately 17.0 million derived from the change in fair value of warrant liabilities and interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of approximately 0.03 million, offset by general and administrative expenses of approximately 1.1 million and transaction costs incurred in connection with the IPO of approximately 4.1 million. Liquidity and Capital Resources On January 20, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 27,600,000 Units, at a price of 10.00 per Units, which included the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,600,000 Units, generating gross proceeds of 276,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 5,640,000 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant generating gross proceeds of 5,640,000. Following the Initial Public Offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of 276,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account, and we had 1,305,151 of cash held outside of the Trust Account, after payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering, and available for working capital purposes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 1,504,835. Net income of 11,124,257 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 3,796,223 and change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 9,249,600. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 416,731 of cash for operating activities. For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 1,178,843. Net income of 11,891,223 was composed of interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 26,092, change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 17,043,600, transaction costs incurred in connection with the IPO of 943,412, and a loss on initial issuance of private warrants of 3,158,400. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used 102,186 of cash for operating activities. As of December 31, 2022, we had 19,376,793 in the trustee s cash operating account, and 775,917 held in the Trust Account consisting of securities held in a money market fund and government bonds that invests in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes with a maturity of 180 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022, we had withdrawn 988,872 of interest earned from Trust Account to pay taxes and 258,680,733 from Trust Account in connection with the redemption of common stock. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, to acquire a target business and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect a Business Combination, the remaining funds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our Business Combination if the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 67,944. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following our Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 67,944 in its operating bank account, 19,376,793 in the trustee s cash operating account, and 775,917 in money market securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination, or to repurchase or redeem its stock in connection therewith and a working capital deficit of 899,400, which excludes the permitted withdrawal should the Company elect to withdraw from the Trust Account for franchise and income taxes payable of 68,061. As of December 31, 2022, 3,796,223 of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented interest income. Interest income earned on the Trust Account is available to pay the Company s tax obligations. As of December 31, 2022, 988,872 was withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the Company s tax obligations. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by April 20, 2023 (the date that is 27 months from the closing date of the IPO) (the Amended Date and on a monthly basis up to three times from the Amended Date to July 20, 2023 (the date that is 30 months from the closing date of the IPO), then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution coupled with the current liquidity raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after April 20, 2023. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to consummate any business combination by April 20, 2023. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than described below, an agreement to pay the Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial, and administrative and support services. We began incurring these fees on January 14, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination and our liquidation. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per share, or 9,660,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Subject to the consummation of the proposed business combination, the underwriters have agreed to reduce the amount of their deferred fees by 6,016,800. As the waiver is solely subject to the consummation of the proposed business combination, the Company did not alter the fee payable as the probability of the transaction closing is not yet certain. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the period reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have not identified any critical accounting policies. Warrant Liabilities We account for the Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815-40 under which the Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, we classify the Warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the Warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statements of operations. The Private Placement Warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available are valued using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model. The Public Warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available were valued using a binomial/lattice model. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, the Public Warrant quoted market price was used as the fair value as of each relevant date. Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Shares of Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. Net Income per Common Share Net income per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. The Company has two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA This information appears following Item 15 of this Annual Report and is included herein by reference. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria as noted above and in the attached exhibit, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Other than the matters set forth above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS . Not Applicable. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. The following table sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Name Age Position Ronald J.Schlosser 73 Chief Executive Officer Morris Beyda 48 Chief Financial Officer Susan Wolford 65 Director, Chairman of the Board of Directors Jason Beckman 45 Director Jason Colodne 50 Director Rosamund Elsie-Mitchell 52 Director Ari Horowitz 53 Director Below is a summary of the business experience of each our executive officers and directors: Ronald H. Schlosser is our Chief Executive Officer. Currently, Mr. Schlosser advises global leaders in private equity on investing in education and information services companies. From March 2013 to October 2020, he served as an Executive Chairman and as a Director of McGraw-Hill Education. From May 2010 to March 2012, Mr. Schlosser was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Haights Cross Communications HCC ), an educational and library publishing company, where he led expansion of the company s product lines especially with digital segments. Before HCC, from October 2008 to November 2009, he served as senior advisor to Providence Equity Partners Providence and was chairman of several of Providence s education and information services companies, including Jones Bartlett and Assessment Technologies Institute (now Ascend Learning), Edline, and Survey Sampling International. Mr. Schlosser started at Thomson Corporation in July 1995. Mr. Schlosser spent 12 years at Thomson Corporation, including four years as Chief Executive Officer of Thomson Learning Group (now Cengage Learning). Additionally, he has held executive positions at Elsevier Science, which he started at in 1988. Mr. Schlosser currently serves on the Board of Directors of Copyright Clearance Center and the Warehouse Arts District in Florida. Mr. Schlosser holds an MBA from Farleigh Dickinson University and is a graduate of Rider University. Morris Beyda is our Chief Financial Officer. Currently, Mr. Beyda is a Partner, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer at Colbeck, where he is responsible for all middle and back office functions including operations, finance, technology, and compliance. In March 2009, Mr. Beyda joined Colbeck. Prior to joining Colbeck, from May 2007 to February 2009, Mr. Beyda was Chief Technology Officer of Serengeti, where he had both systems and operational responsibilities from pre-launch through a four times growth in AUM achieved in less than a year. Before joining Serengeti, from October 2001 to March 2006, Mr. Beyda was the North American Chief Information Officer and Vice President of Information Technology for Dimension Data Holdings (LSE: DDT), a global systems integrator. From June 1995 to July 1997, Mr. Beyda worked with Arthur Andersen s Business Consulting group, followed by various executive roles in early-stage ventures. Mr. Beyda holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Susan Wolford is the Chairwoman of the Board and Director. From April 2003 to July 2020, Ms. Wolford worked at BMO Capital Markets. In December 2018, Ms. Wolford became the Vice Chair of BMO Capital Markets after serving as the Head of the Technology and Business Services Group, which included the educational services and edtech, HCM, enterprise and application software, information services, and financial technology industries. During her tenure leading the education practice at BMO Capital Markets, Ms. Wolford sourced and executed 52 mergers and acquisition transactions, and was involved in over 37 billion in debt and equity 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 financings. She has served on multiple nonprofit and publicly-listed Board of Directors and is currently on the Dean s Advisory Council of Villanova School of Business and the Board of Director s Leadership Council of the Rutgers Cancer Institute of New Jersey and previously served on the Board of the Center for Education Reform. Ms. Wolford graduated with honors from Villanova University and received a Master s of International Affairs from Columbia University. Ms. Wolford was an investment banker for over 35 years, leading a wide variety of financing and merger- and- acquisition transactions across many industry groups. For the past 20 years, she has been focused on the educational services industry, working with pre-K-12, post-secondary, and lifelong learning companies. We believe that Ms. Wolford is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on her expertise in finance and her transaction expertise. Jason Beckman is one of our directors. Mr. Beckman has spent his professional career in private equity and related areas of strategic credit. Mr. Beckman co-founded Colbeck with Mr. Colodne in January 2009. Mr. Beckman is currently a Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Colbeck. At Colbeck, Mr. Beckman is intimately involved in all aspects of the business, including investment execution and management of the firm s investment origination. From January 2005 to February 2008, Mr. Beckman worked at Deutsche Bank where he was the Vice President of Distressed Debt Sourcing and Sales. From July 1998 to February 2004, Mr. Beckman worked at Goldman Sachs as the head of Fixed Income Currency, and Commodities Division s distressed debt sourcing business where he built and managed a team responsible for sourcing strategic lending opportunities and distressed asset divestitures. In this capacity, Mr. Beckman worked closely with Mr. Colodne. Mr. Beckman focuses his philanthropic efforts in the Arts, as a benefactor of The Metropolitan Museum of Art and Art Production Fund and on global humanitarian issues through the World Food Program and International Rescue Committee. Mr. Beckman is a graduate of Union College and studied abroad at the London School of Economics. During his time at Union College, Mr. Beckman co-founded CollegetownUSA.com, an online education focused resource for College students around the United States. The company was ultimately acquired by Blackboard which later went public. We believe that Mr. Beckman is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his expertise in finance. Jason Colodne is one of our directors. Mr. Colodne s investment experience runs over two decades. Mr. Colodne co-founded Colbeck with Mr. Beckman in January 2009. Mr. Colodne is currently a Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Colbeck. He is the senior transaction partner at Colbeck and oversees all aspects of investment execution, including diligence, documentation, and portfolio management. From April 2007 to January 2008, Mr. Colodne served as the President and Head of Leveraged Loan and M A Activity at the private equity firm Patriarch Partners. From June 2004 to March 2007, Mr. Colodne was a Managing Director at Morgan Stanley and, as the founder of the division, established all infrastructure for deal sourcing, accounting, deal execution, portfolio management, loan closing, loan administration, and credit trading. Under Mr. Colodne s leadership, the Morgan Stanley Strategic Finance division transacted on 19 billion of Strategic Lending loan volume. From July 1998 to May 2004, Mr. Colodne served as the Head of Bank Loan Research and Investing and the Hybrid Lending Business in the Fixed Income Currency and Commodities Division at Goldman Sachs. Mr. Colodne joined Goldman Sachs after gaining proprietary investment and investment banking experience at UBS and Bear Stearns. Mr. Colodne has held board seats on multiple portfolio companies and participated in numerous restructuring steering committees. Mr. Colodne is a member of the Young Professionals Organizations Metro New York (YPO), is a Board Member of the Centurion Foundation, and is a Committee Member at the Children s Tumor Foundation. Mr. Colodne is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania. We believe that Mr. Colodne is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his transaction expertise. Rosamund M. Else-Mitchell is one of our directors. In December 2020, Ms. Else-Mitchell rejoined Scholastic as President of Education Solutions. Ms. Else-Mitchell is currently a Visiting Teaching Fellow at Harvard GSE and Chair of the Edtech Evidence Exchange K-12 Industry Council. From June 2015 to July 2019, she was Chief Learning Officer and Executive Vice President at Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. In this role, she oversaw efficacy research, learning science, and data analytics teams, as well as the company s teaching and learning platforms and professional learning business. From August 2013 to May 2015, Ms. Else-Mitchell was Executive Vice President of K 12 at Scholastic Education in the U.S. There she was responsible for the company s product strategy and development, including product and platforms which use technology and analytics to enhance teaching and learning. She began her career as a high school English teacher in Australia and has worked as a publisher, a researcher, with education non-profits, and as a television book reviewer. She holds a master s degree from the University of Sydney in Australia and a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Oxford, UK. We believe that Ms. Else-Mitchell is qualified to serve on our board of directors based of her extensive education experience. Ari Horowitz is one of our directors. Mr. Horowiz is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Yardline Capital a leading provider of non-dilutive growth capital solutions for business operating within the marketplace commerce economies. He has more than 20 years of experience in operational and transactional senior leadership, marketing, and corporate development roles. Prior to Yardline, Mr. Horowitz was the SVP, Strategic Partnerships Corp Development at Thrasio, the fastest growing acquirer of Amazon third-party seller businesses, where he co-led the team which has acquired over 100 Amazon sellers. He continues to serve as an Advisor to Thrasio 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 and has been the CEO of multiple companies, including Opus360 which he co-founded and took public. During his career, he has also been a senior member of teams which completed financings and M A transactions with a total value in excess of 1.5B. Mr. Horowitz holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from the University of Pennsylvania. We believe that Mr. Horowitz is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his transaction expertise. Board Committees The Board has a standing audit, nominating and compensation committee. The independent directors oversee director nominations. Each audit committee and compensation committee has a charter, which was filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 on January 12, 2021. Audit Committee The Audit Committee, which is established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, engages Company s independent accountants, reviewing their independence and performance; reviews the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes and the integrity of its financial statements; the audits of the Company s financial statements and the appointment, compensation, qualifications, independence and performance of the Company s independent auditors; the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; and the performance of the Company s internal audit function and internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee held no formal meetings during 2021 as the Company does not have any underlying business or employees, relying on monthly reports and written approvals as required. The members of the Audit Committee are Ms. Wolford, Ms. Elsie-Mitchell and Mr. Horowitz, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Mr. Horowitz is the Chairperson of the audit committee. The Board has determined that Mr. Horowitz qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under the rules and regulations of the SEC. Nominating Committee We do not have a standing nominating committee, though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Susan Wolford, Rosamund M. Else-Mitchell and Ari Horowitz. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee reviews annually the Company s corporate goals and objectives relevant to the officers compensation, evaluates the officers performance in light of such goals and objectives, determines and approves the officers compensation level based on this evaluation; makes recommendations to the Board regarding approval, disapproval, modification, or termination of existing or proposed employee benefit plans, makes recommendations to the Board with respect to non-CEO and non-CFO compensation and administers the Company s incentive-compensation plans and equity-based plans. The Compensation Committee has the authority to delegate any of its responsibilities to subcommittees as it may deem appropriate in its sole discretion. The chief executive officer of the Company may not be present during voting or deliberations of the Compensation Committee with 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 respect to his compensation. The Company s executive officers do not play a role in suggesting their own salaries. Neither the Company nor the Compensation Committee has engaged any compensation consultant who has a role in determining or recommending the amount or form of executive or director compensation. The Compensation Committee did not meet during 2021. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The members of the Compensation Committee are Ms. Wolford, Ms. Elsie-Mitchell and Mr. Horowitz, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Mr. Horowitz is the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee. Conflicts of Interest Investors should be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest: None of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities. In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to our company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management has pre-existing fiduciary duties and contractual obligations and may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Our officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by our company. The insider shares owned by our officers and directors will be released from escrow only if a business combination is successfully completed and subject to certain other limitations. Additionally, our officers and directors will not receive distributions from the trust account with respect to any of their insider shares if we do not complete a business combination. In addition, our officers and directors may loan funds to us after the IPO and may be owed reimbursement for expenses incurred in connection with certain activities on our behalf which would only be repaid if we complete an initial business combination. For the foregoing reasons, the personal and financial interests of our directors and executive officers may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, completing a business combination in a timely manner and securing the release of their shares. 
 In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 
 In addition, when exercising powers or performing duties as a director, the director is required to exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonable director would exercise in the same circumstances taking into account, without limitation the nature of the company, the nature of the decision and the position of the director and the nature of the responsibilities undertaken by him. A director need not exhibit in the performance of his duties a greater degree of skill than may reasonably be expected from a person of his knowledge and experience. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the stockholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by stockholder approval at general meetings. A director shall, forthwith after becoming aware of the fact that he is interested in a transaction entered into or to be entered into by the company, disclose the interest to the board of the company. As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the stockholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by stockholder approval at general meetings. Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise when our board evaluates a particular business opportunity with respect to the above-listed criteria. We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. Furthermore, most of our officers and directors have pre-existing fiduciary obligations to other businesses of which they are officers or directors. To the extent they identify business opportunities which may be suitable for the entities to which they owe pre-existing fiduciary obligations, our officers and directors will honor those fiduciary obligations. Accordingly, it is possible they may not present opportunities to us that otherwise may be attractive to us unless the entities to which they owe pre-existing fiduciary obligations and any successors to such entities have declined to accept such opportunities. In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple corporate affiliations, each of our officers and directors has contractually agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, until the earliest of a business combination, our liquidation or such time as he ceases to be an officer or director, to present to our company for our consideration, prior to presentation to any other entity, any suitable business opportunity which may reasonably be required to be presented to us, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations he might have. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes the current pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers and directors. 

Individual Entity Entity s Business Affiliation Ronald H. Schlosser Copyright Clearance Center copyright licensing services Director Warehouse Arts District 501(c)3 non- profit arts organization Director Morris Beyda Colbeck Capital Management, LLC private equity asset manager Partner, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer Colbeck Capital Management, LLC private equity asset manager Co-Founder and Managing Partner Colbeck Strategic Lending Fund GP, LLC strategic lender General Partner Colbeck Strategic Lending Fund II GP, LLC strategic lender General Partner Jason Beckman Studio Enterprise, LLC education services provider Co-Chairman Centurion Foundation private-sector 501 (c) (3) organization (real estate) Board Member Colbeck Capital Management, LLC private equity asset manager Co-Founder and Managing Partner Colbeck Strategic Lending Fund GP, LLC strategic lender General Partner Colbeck Strategic Lending Fund II GP, LLC strategic lender General Partner Jason Colodne Studio Enterprise, LLC education services provider Co-Chairman Rosamund Else-Mitchell Scholastic, Inc. publisher and distributor Officer Ari Horowitz Yardline Capital growth capital Chief Executive Officer In connection with the vote required for any business combination, all of our existing stockholders, including all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective insider shares in favor of any proposed business combination. In addition, they have agreed to waive their respective rights to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to those shares of common stock acquired by them prior to the IPO. If they purchased shares of common stock in the IPO or in the open market, however, they would be entitled to participate in any liquidation distribution in respect of such shares but have agreed not to convert such shares (or sell their shares in any tender offer) in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination or an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to pre-business combination activity. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or initial stockholders, unless we have obtained (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a majority of our disinterested and independent directors (if we have any at that time). Furthermore, in no event will any of our initial stockholders, officers, directors, special advisors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Code of Ethics We adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. Employment Agreements We have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. Executive Officers and Director Compensation No executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and audit committee, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement, or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. The following table sets forth as of April 10, 2023 the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (ii) each of our officers and directors; and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of April 10, 2023. 

Approximate Percentage Number of of Shares Beneficially Outstanding Common Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned stock Colbeck Edify Holdings, LLC (2) 6,900,000 80 Ronald H. Schlosser Morris Beyda Susan Wolford Jason Beckman 6,900,000 (3) 80 Jason Colodne 6,900,000 (3) 80 Rosamund M. Else-Mitchell Ari Horowitz All directors and executive officers as a group (seven individuals) 6,900,000 80 Adage Capital Partners, L.P. (4) 1,800,000 21 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (5) 2,376,000 28 Shaolin Capital Management LLC (6) 1,639,916 19 Barclays PLC (7) 1,495,267 17 Fir Tree Capital Management LP (8) 2,376,000 28 

 Less than one percent. (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 888 7th Avenue, Floor 29, New York, NY 10106. (2) Our sponsor is controlled by Jason Beckman and Jason Colodne. (3) Consists of shares owned by Colbeck Edify Holdings, LLC. (4) Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address for the reporting person 200 Clarendon Street, 52nd Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. (5) Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address for the reporting person is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. (6) Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address for the reporting person is 7610 NE 4th Court, Suite 104 Miami FL 33138. (7) Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address for the reporting person is 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP, England. (8) Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address for the reporting person is 55 West 46th Street, 29th Floor New York, NY 10036 
 All of the insider shares issued and outstanding prior to the IPO were placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as escrow agent, until (1) with respect to 50 of the insider shares, the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our shares of common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50 of the insider shares, six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 business combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property. During the escrow period, the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (i) for transfers to our officers, directors or their respective affiliates (including for transfers to an entity s members upon its liquidation), (ii) to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (iii) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (iv) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (v) by certain pledges to secure obligations incurred in connection with purchases of our securities, (vi) by private sales made at or prior to the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased or (vii) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, in each case (except for clause (vii)) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement, but will retain all other rights as our stockholders, including, without limitation, the right to vote their shares of common stock and the right to receive cash dividends, if declared. If dividends are declared and payable in shares of common stock, such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate the trust account, none of our initial stockholders will receive any portion of the liquidation proceeds with respect to their insider shares. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional Private Warrants to purchase shares of common stock at a conversion price of 0.40 per private warrant (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued Private Warrants to purchase 1,250,000 shares of common stock if 500,000 of notes were so converted). Such Private Warrants will be identical to the Private Warrants issued at the closing of the initial public offering. Our stockholders have approved the issuance of the Private Warrants and underlying securities upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert them at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will not be repaid. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. In October 2020, we issued an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash, or approximately 0.004 per share. On January 14, 2021, we declared a dividend of 0.2 shares of our common stock for each outstanding share of our common stock, resulting in our sponsor holding an aggregate of 6,900,000 founder shares. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, EAC consummated the private placement Private Placement with the Sponsor of 5,640,000 warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating total proceeds of 5,640,000. The Private Warrants are identical to the Warrants (as defined below) sold in the IPO except that the Private Warrants will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the Sponsor, the anchor investors or their permitted transferees. Additionally, our Sponsor and anchor investors have agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any of the Private Warrants or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the Registration Statement) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination. Our Sponsor and anchor investors were granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights in connection with the purchase of the Private Warrants. In order to meet our working capital needs, our initial stockholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional Private Warrants to purchase shares of common stock at a conversion price of 0.40 per private warrant (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued Private Warrants to purchase 1,250,000 shares of common stock if 500,000 of notes were so converted). Such Private Warrants will be identical to the Private Warrants issued at the closing of the initial public offering. Our stockholders have approved the issuance of the Private Warrants and underlying securities upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert them at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will not be repaid. The holders of our insider shares issued and outstanding on the date of the IPO, as well as the holders of the Private Warrants (and all underlying securities) and any securities our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement signed prior to or on the effective date 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 of the IPO. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Private Warrants or securities issued in payment of working capital loans made to us can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. We will reimburse our officers and directors for any reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf such as identifying and investigating possible target businesses and business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the interest income earned on the amounts held in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to any initial stockholder or member of our management team, or our or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements and payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. No compensation or fees of any kind, including finder s fees, consulting fees or other similar compensation, will be paid to any of our initial stockholders, officers or directors who owned our shares of common stock prior to the IPO, or to any of their respective affiliates, prior to or with respect to the business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on January 14, 2021, to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the business combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Sponsor entered into an amended and restated letter agreement with the Company, Unique Logistics and certain directors and officers of the Company pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed: (i) to waive certain anti-dilution rights that may have otherwise entitled the Sponsor to more than one share of the Company s Class A Common Stock per share upon conversion of the Sponsor s founder shares on a one-to-one basis into shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock in connection with the consummation of the Merger; (ii) to forfeit 1,713,139 of its founder shares contingent upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; (iii) to support the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including agreeing to vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement at the Special Meeting; (iv) not to transfer founder shares or private placement warrants between the date of the Merger Agreement and the Closing; and (v) contingent upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, not to transfer any shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company (or shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof), or any warrant entitling the Sponsor to purchase one share of the Company s Class A Common Stock per warrant, in each case, for a period of 12 months following the date of the Closing subject to potential early termination if the trading price of the Company s Class A Common Stock trades above 12.00 per share for a period specified therein. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions, including the payment of any compensation, will require prior approval by a majority of our uninterested independent directors (to the extent we have any) or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested independent directors (or, if there are no independent directors, our disinterested directors) determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Related Party Policy Our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our shares of common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to annually complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. Our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize potential conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate a business combination with an entity which is affiliated with any of our initial stockholders unless we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will any of our existing officers, directors or initial stockholders, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see above Part III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Withum for services rendered. Audit Fees . During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 115,950 and 130,620, respectively, for the services Withum performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering and the audit of our December 31, 2022 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Audit-Related Fees. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. Tax Fees . During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm rendered services amounting to 2,860 and 4,120 for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. All Other Fees . During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed in connection with the effectiveness of our registration statement for our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K:
 (1) Financial Statements: 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 100) F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-22 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 None. (3) Exhibits 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Exhibit No. Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 14, 2021, by and between Registrant and BMO Capital Markets Corp. and B. Riley Securities, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021) 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 18, 2022, by and among Edify Acquisition Corp., Edify Merger Sub, Inc., and Unique Logistics International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 19, 2022) 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 6, 2021) 3.2 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021) 3.3 Certificate of Amendment, dated December 22, 2022, to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of EAC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 23, 2022) 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 6, 2021) 4.2 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 6, 2021) 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 6, 2021) 4.4 Warrant Agreement, dated January 14, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021) 4.5 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 30, 2021) 10.1 Letter Agreements, dated January 14, 2021, among the Registrant and each of the initial stockholders, officer and directors of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021) 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 14, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021) 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 14, 2021, among the Registrant and the Initial Stockholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021) 10.4 Administrative Support Agreement, dated January 14, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Colbeck Edify Holdings, LLC (the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021) 10.5 Indemnity Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2021, by and between the Registrant, the Sponsor and the Initial Stockholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021) 10.6 Private Placement Warrants Subscription Agreement, dated January 14, 2021, by and between the Registrant and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021) 10.7 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2022, by and among Edify Acquisition Corp., Colbeck Edify Holdings, LLC, Unique Logistics International, Inc. and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 19, 2022) 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 10.8 Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2022, by and among Edify Acquisition Corp. and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 19, 2022) 10.9 Company Voting and Support Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2022, by and among Edify Acquisition Corp., Unique Logistics International, Inc., Frangipani Trade Services, Inc. and Great Eagle Freight Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 19, 2022) 10.10 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 22, 2022, by and between EAC and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 23, 2022 14 Form of Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 6, 2021) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 99.1 Form of Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 6, 2021) 99.2 Form of Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 6, 2021) 99.3 Press Release, dated December 19, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 19, 2022) 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

 Furnished herewith. This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filings of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not Applicable. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. Dated: April 10, 2023 By: /s/ Morris Beyda Name: Morris Beyda Title: Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Ronald Schlosser Chief Executive Officer April 10, 2023 Ronald Schlosser (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Morris Beyda Chief Financial Officer April 10, 2023 Morris Beyda (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) /s/ Susan Wolford Chairwoman April 10, 2023 Susan Wolford /s/ Jason Beckman Director April 10, 2023 Jason Beckman /s/ Jason Colodne Director April 10, 2023 Jason Colodne /s/ Rosamund Else-Mitchell Director April 10, 2023 Rosamund Else-Mitchell /s/ Ari Horowitz Director April 10, 2023 Ari Horowitz 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 100) F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-22 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Edify Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Edify Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by July 20, 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ , PC We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. April 10, 2023 PCAOB Number 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. BALANCE SHEET S 

December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Prepaid expenses Total Current Assets Investments held in Trust Account TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Advance from related parties Income taxes payable Total Current Liabilities Deferred underwriting fee payable Warrant liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and Contingencies Class A common stock subject to possible redemption par value; and shares at and per share redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Stockholders Deficit Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; non-redeemable shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Stockholders Deficit ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 General and administrative expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Loss on initial issuance of private warrants ) Offering costs derivative warrant liability ) Total other income (expense) net Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock Basic weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock Basic net income per share, Class B common stock Diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock Diluted net income per share, Class B common stock The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Class B Additional Total Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity (Deficit) Balance December 31, 2020 ) Accretion for Class A common stock to redemption amount ) ) ) Net income Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) Accretion for Class A common stock subject to redemption ) ) Net income Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) ) Loss on issuance of Private Placement Warrants Transaction costs associated with issuance of warrants Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Income taxes payable Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Investment of cash in Trust Account ) Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants Advances from related party Proceeds from promissory note - related party Repayment of promissory note - related party ) Payment of offering costs ) Redemption of common stock ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net Change in Cash Cash - Beginning of year Cash - End of year Non-cash investing and financing activities: Deferred underwriting fee payable The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity from inception through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation, the initial public offering Initial Public Offering ), which is described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income from the marketable securities held in the Trust Account. The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on January 14, 2021. On January 20, 2021 the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Colbeck Edify Holdings, LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to , consisting of in cash underwriting fees, net of reimbursed from the underwriters, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on January 20, 2021, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 following any related redemptions and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Certificate of Incorporation will provide that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination, (b) to waive its liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination by January 20, 2023 and (c) not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The Company had until January 20, 2023 to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company has not completed a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. On December 21, 2022, the stockholders approved the proposal to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to allow the Company to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination from January 20, 2023 (the date that is 24 months from the closing date of the Company s initial public offering of units (the IPO )) to April 20, 2023 (the date that is 27 months from the closing date of the IPO) (the Amended Date and on a monthly basis up to three times from the Amended Date to July 20, 2023 (the date that is 30 months from the closing date of the IPO). 
 F-8 

Table of Contents EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Liquidity and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in its operating bank accounts, in the trustee s cash operating account, and in money market securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem stock in connection therewith and working capital deficit of , which excludes franchise taxes payable of , of which such amount will be paid from interest earned on the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022, of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented interest income, which is available to pay the Company s tax obligations. As of December 31, 2022, an affiliate of the Sponsor paid for certain expenses on behalf of the Company amounting to . These advances are non-interest bearing and are due on demand. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by April 20, 2023 (the date that is 27 months from the closing date of the IPO) (the Amended Date and on a monthly basis up to three times from the Amended Date to July 20, 2023 (the date that is 30 months from the closing date of the IPO), then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution coupled with the Company s current liquidity condition, as described above, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after July 20, 2023. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to consummate any business combination by July 20, 2023. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 was held in a cash operating account maintained by the trustee and was held in money market funds which are primarily invested in U.S. Treasury securities. On January 19, 2023, the Company reinvested of the funds previously held in the trustee s cash operating account as of December 31, 2022 into money market funds which are primarily invested in U.S. Treasury securities. At December 31, 2021, substantially all of the assets held in the Trust Accounts were held in money market funds which are invested primarily in U.S. Treasury securities. shares of Class A common stock. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares of Class A common shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value of and , respectively, as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. Immediately upon closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable share of Class A common stock resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants ) Class A common stock issuance at cost ) Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A common stocks subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 Less: Redemption of Class A common stock ) Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A common stocks subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to changes in fair value in warrant liability and the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and transition. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company has identified the United States as its only major tax jurisdiction. The Company has been subject to income taxation by major taxing authorities since inception. These examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. shares of Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted income per common share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net income per common share is the same as basic net income per common share for the periods presented. Denominator: Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Basic net income per common share Diluted net income per common share Numerator: Allocation of net income, as adjusted Denominator: Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted net income per common share 
 F-12 

Table of Contents EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Units which includes a full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of Class A common stock and one -half of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant or from the Company in a private placement. Each Private Placement Warrant will be exercisable to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s common stock for an aggregate price of . On January 14, 2021, the Company declared a dividend of shares of common stock for each outstanding share, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding. The Founders Shares included an aggregate of up to shares that were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised, so that the number of Founders Shares will equal, on an un-converted basis, approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock after the Initial Public Offering. On January 20, 2021, the underwriter s election exercised their over-allotment option; therefore the shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. Accordingly, there are Founders Shares issued and outstanding. The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the reported closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Administrative Services Agreement The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on January 14, 2021, to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. Fees related to these services totaling and are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, administrative fees totaled and , respectively. Advances from Related Party and Due to Sponsor An affiliate of the Sponsor paid for certain operating costs on behalf of the Company amounting to and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The advances are non-interest bearing and are due on demand. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggyback registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a business combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidated damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company s securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Subject to the consummation of the proposed business combination, the underwriters have agreed to reduce the amount of their deferred fees by . As the waiver is solely subject to the consummation of the proposed business combination, the Company did not alter the fee payable as the probability of the transaction closing is not yet certain. Legal Fees During 2022, the Company entered into a contingent fee arrangement with a third-party legal firm. The fees, contingent upon a successful Business Combination are approximately Success Fees ). These Success Fees will only become payable upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination. Merger Agreement On December 18, 2022, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement by and among the Company, Edify Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), and Unique Logistics International, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Unique Logistics ). The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, and in accordance with the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS and other applicable laws, Merger Sub will merge with and into Unique Logistics (the Merger ), with Unique Logistics being the surviving corporation of the Merger (Unique Logistics, in its capacity as the surviving corporation of the Merger, the Surviving Corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The proposed Merger is expected to be consummated after receipt of the required approvals from the stockholders of the Company and Unique Logistics and the satisfaction of certain other conditions summarized below. Closing Merger Consideration At the effective time of the Merger, each share of common stock, par value per share, of the Unique Logistics Unique Logistics Common Stock (other than excluded shares and dissenting shares) will be cancelled and automatically deemed for all purposes to represent the right to receive a number of shares of Class A Common Stock, par value per share, of Buyer Buyer Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient of (i) the Per Share Consideration Value (as defined herein), divided by (ii) (subject to equitable adjustment) (the Common Exchange Ratio ). The Per Share Consideration Value equals the quotient of (i) million, divided by (ii) the sum of (A) the number of shares of Unique Logistics Common Stock, plus (B) the number of shares of Unique Logistics Common Stock into which all of the shares of Unique Logistics convertible preferred stock, par value per share, of the Unique Logistics (collectively, the Unique Logistics Convertible Preferred Stock would convert, in each case, as of 
 F-15 

Table of Contents EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 additional shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock if (i) the trading price of Company s Class A Common Stock exceeds per share during the seven-year period following the date that is sixty days after the date of the closing (the Closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the Transactions or (ii) the Company or the Surviving Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries consummate a merger, consolidation, tender offer, exchange offer or business combination or sale of all or substantially all of its assets (each, a Sale Transaction ), in which the fair value of the consideration (including all forms of consideration, including contingent consideration) payable in respect of each outstanding share of Company s Class A Common Stock in such Sale Transaction equals or exceeds per share (on a fully diluted basis), subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement. Company stockholders will also have the opportunity to earn additional shares of Company s Class A Common Stock if the trading price of the Company s Class A Common Stock exceeds per share in the same circumstances as above. Sponsor Support Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Sponsor entered into an amended and restated letter agreement with the Company, Unique Logistics and certain directors and officers of the Company pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed (i) to waive certain anti-dilution rights that may have otherwise entitled the Sponsor to more than share of the Company s Class A Common Stock per share upon conversion of the Sponsor s founder shares on a -to-one basis into shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock in connection with the consummation of the Merger; (ii) to forfeit of its founder shares contingent upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; (iii) to support the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, 
 F-16 

Table of Contents EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 per share, of the Company (or shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof), or any warrant entitling the Sponsor to purchase share of the Company s Class A Common Stock per warrant, in each case, for a period of 12 months following the date of the Closing subject to potential early termination if the trading price of the Company s Class A Common Stock trades above per share for a period specified therein. For additional information, refer to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on December 19, 2022. shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Class A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding , which are subject to possible redemption and classified as temporary equity. In connection with the stockholder vote on December 22, 2022, the holders of shares of Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately , for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately million, leaving approximately million in the Trust Account, immediately following the redemptions. Class B Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Holders of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders except as otherwise required by law. The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in this prospectus and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of the Propose Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). The Company cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of the Class B common stock at the time of any future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) after the completion 
 F-17 

Table of Contents EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration under the Securities Act of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following a Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the th business day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the warrant for redemption: in whole and not in part; at a price of per Public Warrant; upon not less than prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the reported last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a - trading day period ending business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may not exercise its redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or the Company is unable to effect such registration or qualification. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to 
 F-18 

Table of Contents EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, except as described above, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Start-up/organization expenses Business combination expenses Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of allowance The income tax provision consists of the following for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Deferred ) ) State Current Deferred Change in valuation allowance Income tax provision In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was and , respectively. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 State taxes, net of federal tax benefit Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) ) Transaction costs associated with IPO Meals and entertainment Fair value of private warrant liabilities in excess of proceeds Change in valuation allowance Income tax provision The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in various state and local jurisdictions and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. of mutual funds invested in U.S. Treasury securities with dividends reinvested and held in the trustee s cash operating account. As of December 31, 2021, assets held in the Trust Account were comprised of of mutual funds invested in U.S. Treasury securities with dividends reinvested. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had withdrawn of interest earned from Trust Account to pay taxes and from Trust Account in connection with the redemption of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not withdraw any interest income from the Trust Account. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Liabilities: December 31, 2022 Warrant Liabilities Public Warrants 2 December 31, 2022 Warrant Liabilities Private Placement Warrants 3 

Held to Maturity Level Fair Value Assets: December 31, 2021 Investments held in Trust Account Mutual Funds 1 Liabilities: December 31, 2021 Warrant Liabilities Public Warrants 2 December 31, 2021 Warrant Liabilities Private Placement Warrants 3 

 (1) As of December 31, 2022, of mutual funds held in the Trust Account was deposited into the cash operating account maintained by the trustee.
 
 The Warrants are accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant liabilities in the accompanying balance sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within the change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the statements of operations. The Private Placement Warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model, which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. The Black-Scholes model s primary unobservable input utilized in determining the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants is the expected volatility of the common stock. The expected volatility as of the Initial Public Offering date was derived from observable public warrant pricing on comparable blank-check companies without an identified target. The Public Warrants were initially valued using a binomial/lattice model, which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement, that assumes the optimal exercise of the Company s redemption option at the earliest possible date. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the warrants from the Units, the close price of the Public Warrants was used as the fair value of the Public Warrants as of each relevant date. The measurement of the Public Warrants after the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units is classified as Level 1 due to the use of an observable market quote in an active market. During the three months ended June 30, 2022, as a result of the recent decline in trading volume within the last two weeks of the quarter ended June 30, 2022, the warrants were transferred to and are currently classified as Level 2 securities. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents EDIFY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Exercise Price Expected Merger Announcement Date Expected Merger Date Expiration Date Call Price N/A N/A Contractual Term Risk-Free Rate Volatility Dividend Yield Steps N/A N/A The following table presents the changes in the fair value of Level 3 warrant liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Change in fair value ) ) Fair value as of December 31, 2022 Fair value as of December 31, 2020 Initial measurement on January 20, 2021 Change in fair value ) ) ) Transfers to Level 1 ) ) Fair value as of December 31, 2021 Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occurs. There was a transfer of from Level 3 to Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy for Public Warrants during the year ended December 31, 2021. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants transferred from a Level 1 measurement to a Level 2 fair value measurement during the year ended December 31, 2022 was . of funds previously held in the trustee s cash operating account as of December 31, 2022 into money market funds. 
 F-22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 eac-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Ronald H. Schlosser, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Edify Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 10, 2023 /s/ Ronald H. Schlosser Ronald H. Schlosser Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 eac-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Morris Beyda, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Edify Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 10, 2023 /s/ Morris Beyda Morris Beyda Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 eac-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Edify Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. Date: April 10, 2023 

/s/ Ronald H. Schlosser Ronald H. Schlosser Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 eac-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Edify Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. Date: April 10, 2023 

/s/ Morris Beyda Morris Beyda Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 eac-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 eac-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 eac-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 eac-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

