<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230407_10-K_edgar_data_1473579_0001213900-23-028171.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7566182</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>388166</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1409906</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1727353</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1985212</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1891748</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-028171.hdr.sgml : 20230407
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230407101255
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-028171
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230407
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230407

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NANOMIX Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001473579
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				270801073
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54586
		FILM NUMBER:		23808043

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		354 MERRIMACK STREET
		STREET 2:		#4
		CITY:			LAWRENCE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01843
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(603) 935-9799

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		354 MERRIMACK STREET
		STREET 2:		#4
		CITY:			LAWRENCE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01843

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Boston Therapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101123

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AVANYX Therapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091001

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-028171.txt : 20230407

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_nanomixcorp.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

NANOMIX CORPORATION 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common
Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate
market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business day
of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million based on the closing price of
the registrant s common stock on OTCQB on that date. 

As of April 6, 2023, a total of
 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 10 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 40 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 40 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 40 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 40 

PART
 II 

Item 5. 
 Market
 for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 41 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 42 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 42 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative
 Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 47 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data 
 
 47 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements
 with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 47 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 47 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 48 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign
 Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 48 

PART
 III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance 
 
 49 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain
 Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 54 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and
 Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 56 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees
 and Services 
 
 56 

PART
 IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement
 Schedules 
 
 57 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 61 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance, and any other statements of a future
or forward-looking nature, constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions
or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future
events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 will, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These statements relate to future events or our future operational or financial
performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed under the
section titled Risk Factors . Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions
prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. 

Any forward-looking statement in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K reflects our current view with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions
relating to our business, results of operations, industry and future growth. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. You should read this Annual Report
on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference herein and therein and have filed as exhibits hereto and thereto completely and with
the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even
if new information becomes available in the future. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contain or
may contain estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business and the markets for our products, including
data regarding the estimated size of those markets and their projected growth rates. We obtained the industry and market data in this
prospectus from our own research as well as from industry and general publications, surveys and studies conducted by third parties. This
data involves a number of assumptions and limitations and contains projections and estimates of the future performance of the industries
in which we operate that are subject to a high degree of uncertainty, including those discussed in Risk Factors. We caution
you not to give undue weight to such projections, assumptions and estimates. Further, industry and general publications, studies and surveys
generally state that they have been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, although they do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness
of such information. While we believe that these publications, studies and surveys are reliable, we have not independently verified the
data contained in them. In addition, while we believe that the results and estimates from our internal research are reliable, such results
and estimates have not been verified by any independent source. 

In addition, statements that we believe 
and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available
to us as of the date of this report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information
may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or
review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to
unduly rely upon these statements as predictions of future results. Our actual future results may be materially different from what we
expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 

Throughout this report the terms Nanomix, 
 we, our or us, refer to Nanomix Corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, unless
stated or the context implies otherwise. 

ii 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

Our business is subject to significant risks and
uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative and risky. Below we summarize what we believe are the principal risk factors but
these risks are not the only ones we face, and you should carefully review and consider the full discussion of our risk factors in the
section titled Risk Factors, together with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following
risks actually occurs (or if any of those listed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K occur), our business, reputation, financial
condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects could be seriously harmed. Additional risks and uncertainties that we
are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. These
risks include, among others: 

We have incurred significant losses since inception and expect to incur losses in the future. We cannot be certain that we will achieve or sustain profitability. 

Our financial situation creates doubt whether we will continue as a going concern. 

We will need to raise additional funding, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, limit or terminate our product development efforts or other operations. 

Our obligations to the holders of our Notes are secured by a security interest in substantially all of our assets. We are currently in default on the Notes and as a result, the note holders could foreclose on our assets. 

Our obligations under the Notes are secured by a security interest in substantially all of our assets. We are currently in default on the Notes and, as a result, , the holders of the notes, acting through their appointed agent, could foreclose on their security interests and liquidate some or all of these assets, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations and could require us to curtail or cease operations. 

If we cannot successfully develop, maintain, commercialize, or obtain regulatory approvals for new and existing diagnostic assays, our financial results will be harmed and our ability to compete will be harmed. 

We are subject to many laws and governmental regulations and any adverse regulatory action may materially adversely affect our financial condition and business operations. 

Disruptions at the FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages, or other agency policy concerns could shift their priorities or hinder their ability to hire, retain or deploy key leadership and other personnel. This could result in delays or may prevent new or modified products from being developed, cleared, approved, authorized, or commercialized in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively impact our business. 

Our diagnostic products have not been manufactured in significant volume and are subject to unforeseen scale-up risks. 

We utilize third-party, single-source suppliers for some components and materials used in our products and product candidates, and the loss of any of these suppliers could have an adverse impact on our business. 

Our products may not be able to compete with new diagnostic products or existing products developed by well-established competitors, which would negatively affect our business. 

If we are unable to recruit, train and retain key personnel, we may not achieve our goals. 

New technologies, techniques or assays could emerge that might offer better combinations of price and performance than our current or future assays. 

We have limited experience in marketing and selling our products, and if we are unable to expand, manage and maintain our direct sales and marketing organizations, or otherwise commercialize our products, our business may be adversely affected. 

We have a limited operating history and may face difficulties encountered by companies early in their commercialization in competitive and rapidly evolving markets. 

We have limited commercial scale capabilities. If we are unable to successfully implement commercial capabilities and manage our growth, our business will be harmed. 

Customers may not adopt our products quickly, or at all. 

There has been a limited public market for our common stock, and we do not know whether one will develop to provide you adequate liquidity. Furthermore, the trading price for our common stock, should an active trading market develop, may be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in per-share price. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

On June 6, 2021, Nanomix,
Inc., or Nanomix, and Boston Therapeutics completed a reverse merger, or the Merger, resulting in the formation of Nanomix Corporation
(the Company ). As consideration for the Merger, the shareholders of Nanomix, Inc. received 1,000,000 shares of Series C
Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Preferred Stock ). On March 2, 2022 upon completion of a previously approved
173:1 reverse stock split, all such shares of Preferred Stock issued to Nanomix, Inc. shareholders automatically converted into approximately
35,644,997 shares of common stock of the Company, the warrants assumed at closing may be exercisable into approximately 2,124,687 shares
of common stock of the Company and the options assumed at closing may be exercisable into approximately 5,718,838 shares of common stock
of the Company. The shares of common stock issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock together with warrants, restricted stock units
and options assumed on the closing date represented approximately 80 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company upon closing
of the Merger. After the merger, the Company changed its name to Nanomix Corporation and its ticker symbol to NNMX. 

Our primary focus is
on the development and commercialization of Nanomix s advanced mobile Point-of-Care, or POC, diagnostic system that can be used
in performing a wide range of in vitro diagnostic tests in many environments. Nanomix s goal is to provide laboratory quality testing
for time sensitive medical conditions, at the first point of contact that a patient has with the healthcare system, no matter where that
occurs. The Nanomix eLab system and the initial two assays are CE Marked and a 510(k) application
is currently in development. Nanomix intends to market and sell this system for the detection and diagnosis of a variety of time sensitive
medical conditions. Nanomix ceased all operations of the predecessor company. 

Nanomix eLab System 

Nanomix believes that quality healthcare should
be available to consumers anywhere and anytime. The foundation of quality healthcare is timely information supporting a proper diagnosis
and associated treatment. Our vision is to make healthcare accessible to patients without compromise, by delivering the highest quality,
fastest, most cost-effective and portable detection systems that bring the patient and caregiver closer together. 

The Nanomix eLab System is a proprietary diagnostic
platform developed by Nanomix to meet the growing need for decentralized medical diagnostic solutions. The platform is designed to provide
rapid test results in a handheld device at the first point of patient contact in locations that range from Emergency Departments, to long
term and assisted care facilities, to urgent care and emergency medical response settings. The eLab System may also be used as a research-use-only
device by certain CLIA approved laboratories after internal evaluations. 

The Nanomix eLab system is a rapid, easy-to-use,
quantitative detection platform that performs a range of in vitro diagnostic assays, such as electrochemical immunoassay and enzymatic
assays. The platform consists of a hand-held analyzer and a disposable cartridge. The eLab System utilizes a proprietary nano-biosensor
with multiple detection electrodes to generate multiple electrochemical assay results from a single patient sample. Specificity is generated
by functionalizing each of the electrodes on the sensor for particular biomarkers. The sensor is incorporated into a single-use consumable
microfluidics cartridge that processes the biological sample and reports its results through the handheld eLab System. 

The eLab system is designed to be operated by
medical and non-medically trained persons. An assay is run by inserting the cartridge into the eLab Analyzer. Following the prompts on
the Analyzer interface, the user identifies the subject, scans a barcode on the consumable package, loads the test sample into the cartridge,
and presses start. Assay results generally take between 10 and 15 minutes, from sample collection to answer. A wide variety of biomolecules
with varying chemistries can be tested on a single device in one operation. The electrochemical detection system eliminates the need for
ongoing instrument calibration and maintenance commonly associated with optical systems. Wireless connectivity provides for transmission
of patient results to other devices for data sharing, management, and EMR integration. 

Compared with other POC testing systems, the Nanomix
eLab system provides testing in traditional laboratories as well as non-traditional decentralized environments with enhanced sensitivity
and specificity, advanced multiplexing and multimodal capabilities, quantitative results, Bluetooth communication of results and an on
board electronic data base of testing activities. The Nanomix eLab system is CE Marked, a 510(k) is currently in development, and
a COVID-19 Antigen test has been submitted to the FDA for Emergency Use Authorization. 

Our strategy is to develop a menu of diagnostic
tests for the detection and diagnosis of time sensitive medical conditions on the Nanomix eLab Analyzer and to sell, market and distribute
the eLab Analyzer and associated tests on a worldwide basis. 

1 

Products 

The Nanomix
eLab is an in vitro diagnostic test platform for the quantitative determination of analytes in biological samples that include plasma,
whole blood, and nasal swab specimens. The eLab system consists of a handheld analyzer, a sample transfer device and a disposable cartridge.
 The Nanomix eLab is a platform technology and Nanomix intends to develop a range of test
cartridges compatible with Nanomix eLab analyzer. The key advantages of our approach are: 

Laboratory quality results; 

Multiplexing and multimodal testing; 

Quantitative determination of test results; 

Operates in distributed environments; and 

Electronic record storage with Bluetooth communication of results. 

The eLab has been shown to be easily operated
by non-medically trained personnel. The platform performs immunoassays and enzymatic assays. All tests run on the eLab Analyzer utilize
the same disposable cartridge format. 

Nanomix s first product, the S1 Panel Assay
for use in aiding the diagnosis of critical infections, received CE marking for the eLab Analyzer and the assay using plasma samples in
November of 2019. CE marking of the assay using whole blood samples was received in 2022. Preparation of a 510(k) for the S1 Panel using
plasma samples is currently in process. 

eLab Analyzer 

The eLab
Analyzer is a handheld portable instrument that operates via a touch screen using a simple instruction menu. The analyzer works from a
rechargeable battery or wall power and can be operated during recharging. The eLab Analyzer contains electronics, a pneumatic system,
a barcode scanner, data storage, USB connections, and Bluetooth communications. To use the eLab system, an operator signs into the system
and then follows the prompts on the eLab screen to run an assay, run controls, or review past test results. To run a test, the operator
scans or enters a patient ID and scans the consumable test package using the built-in bar code scanner. The barcode contains information
about the test including manufacturing lot codes and expiration dating for the consumable. The operator loads the patient sample into
the disposable cartridge and inserts the cartridge into the eLab analyzer. The operator is then prompted on the screen to activate the
assay. The eLab automatically runs through to completion using the programmed test protocol specific for that assay. At conclusion of
the test protocol, results are displayed on the screen and can be sent electronically via Bluetooth as selected by the operator. All test
information is recorded in the onboard database. The instrument includes a robust control system and, if there are errors in processing,
the eLab displays an error code on the screen. 

COVID-19 Rapid IgG/IgM Test Panel 

The Nanomix eLab COVID-19 Rapid IgG/IgM Panel
is an electrochemical immunoassay test intended for qualitative detection of IgG and IgM antibodies (without differentiation) to SARS-CoV-2
in human venous whole blood and plasma (K2EDTA, lithium-heparin, sodium-heparin, sodium citrate). 

Venous whole blood or plasma samples are collected
and using a provided transfer device the sample is transferred to the single-use, microfluidic cartridge. The cartridge is then run on
Nanomix eLab Analyzer, which will display results after about 10 minutes. The presence of SARS-CoV-2 antibodies is determined using a
quantitative electrochemical reading which is then compared to a cutoff level to report a qualitative result of positive or negative. 

An EUA for the COVID-19 Rapid IgG/IgM Test Panel
was filed with the FDA in July 2020. In April of 2021, the FDA notified us that given the volume of EUA requests the Agency had received,
FDA is having to prioritize EUA requests and they will not be reviewing our product as filed. Nanomix is currently tracking use
cases and reviewing alternative approaches to market the COVID antibody test but at this time does not expect to actively market the COVID-19
Rapid IgG/IgM Test Panel. 

COVID-19 Rapid Antigen Test Panel 

The Nanomix eLab COVID-19 Rapid Antigen Panel
is an electrochemical immunoassay test intended for the qualitative detection of nucleocapsid antigens from SARS-CoV-2 in nasal (anterior
nares) swabs from individuals who are suspected of COVID-19. 

2 

Nasal swab samples are collected using a provided
swab and sample collection tube, then transferred to the single-use, microfluidic cartridge. The cartridge is then run on Nanomix eLab
Analyzer, which will display results after about 15 minutes. The presence of SARS-CoV-2 antigen is determined using a quantitative electrochemical
reading which is then compared to a cutoff level to report a qualitative result of positive or negative. 

The COVID-19 Rapid Antigen Test Panel is CE marked.
An EUA for the COVID-19 Antigen Test panel was submitted to the FDA in February of 2021. The Company received comments from the FDA in
May and conducted further clinical and analytical work identified by the FDA. The EUA for the COVID-19 Antigen Test panel was resubmitted
to the FDA in November of 2021. The FDA requested additional data primarily from clinical testing sites prior to beginning their formal
review. Given reductions in COVID-19 infection rates and related testing volumes, and the current pricing of COVID-19 tests, the Company
is not pursuing further development of this assay and doesn t expect significant revenue to be produced by the COVID-19 Antigen
Test panel. 

S1 Assay Panel 

The S1 Assay panel was developed as an aid in
rapidly diagnosing critical infections including sepsis. The panel provides quantitative tests results for Lactate (LAC), C-Reactive Protein
(CRP) and Procalcitonin (PCT) from a single patient sample. The assay runs on the eLab Analyzer with results available in approximately
12 minutes, providing information rapidly versus the current diagnostic solutions which can take hours to provide a test result. 

The Nanomix S1 Panel Cartridge quantitatively
measures two biomarkers, CRP, and PCT and the metabolite Lactate (LAC) in lithium heparinized (Li-heparinized) plasma specimens. 

CRP test results can be used to evaluate infection,
tissue injury, and inflammatory disorders. 

PCT test results can be used: 

To aid in decision making on antibiotic therapy for patient with suspected or confirmed lower respiratory tract infections (LRTI) defined as community acquired pneumonia (CAP) acute bronchitis, and acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (AECOPD) in an inpatient setting or Emergency Department. 

To aid in antibiotic decision making from therapy to discontinuation of treatment for patients with suspected or confirmed sepsis. 

To aid in the risk assessment of critically ill patients on their first day of ICU admission for progression of severe sepsis and septic shock. 

To aid in assessing the cumulative 28-day risk of all-cause mortality for patients diagnosed with severe sepsis or septic shock in the ICU or when obtained in the emergency department of other medical wards prior to ICU admission, using a change in PCT level over time. 

LAC test results can be used in the diagnosis
and treatment of lactic acidosis, monitoring tissue hypoxia, and diagnosis of hyperlactatemia and septicemia. 

Each of the three tests provides important information
about a patient s condition. Having all three of these answers in a short time period provides a healthcare provider with important
information about the patient s status within the clinical window for infection diagnosis. All of the test results are used in the
context of other information about the patient. 

S1 Assay Panel use in Sepsis 

One potential use of the S1 Assay panel is in
the diagnosis of Sepsis. Sepsis has been highlighted as a global health crisis and there is intense pressure to improve management of
sepsis from early identification to administration of antimicrobial therapy, monitoring and de-escalation of therapy. 

Sepsis is the body s overwhelming and life-threatening
response to infection that can lead to tissue damage, organ failure, and death. There are more than 49 million cases of Sepsis annually
with more the 6 million associated deaths. Sepsis is the #1 cost of hospitalization in the U.S with costs for acute sepsis hospitalization
and skilled nursing estimated to be 62 billion annually. As many as 87 of sepsis cases start in the community. According to the Sepsis
Alliance, mortality from sepsis increases 8 every hour that treatment is delayed. As many as 80 of sepsis deaths could be prevented
with rapid diagnosis and treatment. 

3 

Sepsis testing and diagnosis can be viewed as
a 2-stage process: 

Immediate patient testing and assessment focused on emergency treatment decisions, and 

Specific diagnosis of bacterial or fungal pathogen 

The Nanomix S1 test panel focuses on the first
phase, the need for rapid screening or patients suspected of sepsis. The S1 test panel provides an easy to use, rapid test at the first
point of patient contact to deliver important information about the patient s condition. The panel includes Lactate, the current
tool most used in sepsis screening, and adds two other tests (CRP and PCT) that are currently used to confirm a diagnosis. By using our
multiplexing and multimodal technology, we are able to bring all three of these test results from a single sample to healthcare providers
in a 12-minute test providing clinicians with host response diagnostics at the time of initial evaluation, in any care setting, and may
help assess the following questions and advance standards of care: 1) is there an infection or not? 2) is the infection viral or bacterial?
3) what is the severity and deficit of tissue perfusion? 

Once hospitalized, a sepsis patient spends on
average 8 days in an ICU. The S1 panel can also be used to monitor the progress of a patient and to support modification or discontinuation
of antibiotic therapy. 

Partnerships and Licensees 

RedPharm (Beijing) Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (RedPharm)
has the right to produce eLab cartridges for the S1 Assay panel in the PRC and has the right to sell and distribute the S1 Assay panel
in the PRC, Japan, Korea, and other countries in Southeast Asia. 

Sales Channels 

We recently established our sales and marketing
function. We intend our products to be sold globally, both directly and through distributors, to hospitals and clinics, clinical laboratories,
and other healthcare entities such as assisted living, extended care, and other non-hospital based care facilities. We have focused product
distribution efforts in those territories where a CE mark is required for commercial sales. We have successfully developed numerous distribution
partnerships that will provide product distribution capabilities in key markets including Europe, the Middle East, and Southeast Asia.
To support our distributor s efforts, we plan to build a distribution sales and technical support capability within the company. 

Currently RedPharm has rights to distribute our
products in PRC, Japan, Korea, and countries in Southeast Asia.. 

The Company is also exploring the sale of our
products as Research Use Only to CLIA laboratories. 

Manufacturing 

We currently have limited manufacturing capacity
for our consumable test cartridges and plan to implement automated production processes in the U.S. and bring on additional manufacturing
resources to expand consumable test cartridge manufacturing capacity. We depend on several single source vendors to supply components
for our disposable test cartridge and a US-based contract manufacturer for our eLab analyzer. We plan to bring on additional component
suppliers to add supply chain capacity as well as backup. We have completed the purchase of a significant supply of printed electrodes
from a former vendor and plan to qualify a new vendor of electrodes. 

Sensor functionalization (converting raw electrodes
into a biosensor) is currently done by Nanomix using a robotic system and final cartridge assembly is done by Nanomix manually. We plan
to invest significantly in increasing capacity of sensor manufacturing processes and to automate portions of the cartridge assembly processes.
The costs of our products are expected to decline significantly with volume growth as well as process automation. 

RedPharm has the right to produce eLab cartridges
in the PRC. 

The Nanomix eLab analyzer is produced by a contract
manufacturer located in the United States. While this is not an exclusive supply arrangement, it would be difficult to transfer production
or add an additional supplier. The production of instruments is done on a purchase order basis. Nanomix purchases and consigns the materials
for the quantity of instruments on the purchase order. The contract manufacturer builds, tests, and ships the units and invoices Nanomix
based on the units shipped less the cost of the consigned materials. Some of the components used in the eLab analyzer have long lead times
and Nanomix plans to purchase many of those components in quantities beyond the current purchase order. 

4 

Collaboration, License and Quality Agreements 

To support the development
and commercialization of our eLab system and products, in September 2017 we entered into a development and license agreement with RedPharm
(Beijing) Biotechnology Co., Ltd., or the RedPharm License. Pursuant to the RedPharm License, we granted an exclusive license to the technology
know-how, data and regulatory documents for our eLab technology to RedPharm that will support the development of our eLab analyzer in
both humans and animals. 

Under the agreement,
RedPharm has the rights to produce the eLab cartridges in China for specific assays that are transferred by Nanomix to RedPharm. RedPharm
is responsible for any clinical and regulatory activities necessary to register the products for sale in their territories. To date, Nanomix
has transferred the S1 Critical Infections test to RedPharm and RedPharm has paid Nanomix 200,000 in license fees related to the transfer
of that specific assay. RedPharm is obligated to pay a royalty on the sales of S1 test cartridges. There are limited activities in China
on registration of the S1 Assay panel, no current regulatory approvals, and no commercial sales activity. 

RedPharm also has the
rights to produce the eLab Analyzer in China for sale in the RedPharm territories upon the payment of an up front license fee. Each eLab
analyzer placed by RedPharm with a customer carries a per unit royalty in the range of a low hundred dollars. 

We retain exclusive rights
to commercialize our products throughout the world, except in Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, China, Japan, Korea, Vietnam, Indonesia,
Malaysia and the Philippines, where RedPharm will have exclusive rights to commercialize our eLab technology. We retain rights to participate
in the RedPharm markets depending on their progress in each of the countries. With RedPharm, we have established a collaboration for the
management of the development of any product that utilizes our technology, including any joint, cross-territory studies that may be undertaken
by the parties, if any. 

Under the RedPharm License,
RedPharm are obligated to pay us future milestone payments up to an aggregate of 6.4 million. Further, sales of test cartridges
bear royalties of a low single-digit percentage based on net sales and sales of eLab Analyzers carry a per unit royalty in the low hundreds
of dollars. 

The RedPharm License
continues in effect until the expiration of all payment obligations thereunder (including royalty payments and licensee revenue) on a
product-by-product and country-by-country basis, unless earlier terminated by the parties. Pursuant to the terms of the RedPharm License,
in addition to each party s right to terminate the agreement upon the other party s material breach (if not cured within a
specified period after receipt of notice) or insolvency, (i) we also have unilateral termination rights in the event RedPharm commences
any court action to invalidate any our intellectual property, and (ii) RedPharm has unilateral termination rights to cancel this agreement
upon six (6) months prior written notice. 

There is no current business
activity with RedPharm. 

Technology Development 

Our products are based on the Nanomix eLab electrochemical
detection technology. Current and planned products will operate on the eLab Analyzer using the current microfluidic disposable test cartridge
form. New product development will be largely focused on expanding the menu of tests that operate on the eLab Analyzer. Our initial focus
will be on testing for medical conditions that require rapid results for patient management and benefit from the mobile capabilities of
our system. Future developments will expand the menu to tests that support other decentralized healthcare needs. 

Competition 

Many of our competitors are significantly larger
and have greater financial, research, manufacturing, and marketing resources. Important competitive factors include product quality, performance,
ease of use, price, customer service and reputation. Industry competition is based on these and the following additional factors: 

patent protection; 

technology expertise; 

ability to develop and market products and processes; 

ability to obtain required regulatory approvals; 

ability to manufacture cost-effective products that meet applicable regulatory requirements; 

5 

access to adequate capital; and, 

ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. 

We believe our technical capabilities and proprietary
know-how relating to our eLab system are strong, particularly for the development of tests for critical care conditions in decentralized
care environments. However, there are a number of competitive technologies used and/or seeking to be used by others in point-of-care settings. 

Although we have no specific knowledge of any
other competitors products that could render our products obsolete, if we fail to maintain and enhance our competitive position
or fail to introduce new products and product features, our customers may decide to use the products developed by our competitors, which
could result in a loss of revenues and cash flow. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 30 full-time equivalent
employees, of whom 6 were in administration, 10 in research and development and engineering, 11 in manufacturing and quality, and 3 in
sales and marketing. The majority of our employees are located in San Leandro, California. 

We have never had a work stoppage, and none of
our employees are represented by a labor organization or subject to any collective bargaining arrangements. We consider our employee relations
to be good. 

Governmental Regulation 

Certain of our activities are subject to regulatory
oversight by the FDA under provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and regulations thereunder, including regulations governing
the development, marketing, labeling, promotion, manufacturing, and export of diagnostic products. Our clinical laboratory customers are
subject to oversight by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, pursuant to CLIA, as well as agencies in various states. Failure
to comply with applicable requirements can lead to sanctions, including withdrawal of products from the market, recalls, refusal to authorize
government contracts, product seizures, civil money penalties, injunctions, and criminal prosecution. 

FDA Approval/Clearance Requirements 

Unless an exemption applies, each medical device
that we wish to market in the United States must receive 510(k) clearance or Premarket Approval (PMA). Medical devices that receive 510(k)
clearance are cleared by the FDA to market, distribute, and sell in the United States. Medical devices that obtain a PMA
by the FDA are approved to market, distribute and sell in the United States. We cannot be certain that 510(k) clearance
or PMA approval will ever be obtained for any products that we develop. Descriptions of the PMA and 510(k) clearance processes are provided
below. 

The FDA decides whether a device must undergo
either the 510(k) clearance or PMA based on statutory criteria that utilize a risk-based classification system. PMA is the FDA process
of scientific and regulatory review to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of Class III medical devices and, in many cases, Class II
medical devices. Class III devices are those that support or sustain human life, are of substantial importance in preventing impairment
of human health, or which present a potential, unreasonable risk of illness or injury. The FDA uses these criteria to decide whether a
PMA or a 510(k) is appropriate, including the level of risk that the agency perceives is associated with the device and a determination
by the agency of whether the product is a type of device that is similar to devices that are already legally marketed. Devices deemed
to pose relatively less risk are placed in either Class I or II. In many cases, the FDA requires the manufacturer to submit a 510(k) requesting
clearance (also referred to as a premarket notification), unless an exemption applies. The 510(k) must demonstrate that the manufacturer s
proposed device is substantially equivalent in intended use and in safety and effectiveness to a legally marketed predicate
device. A predicate device is a pre-existing medical device to which equivalence can be drawn, that is either in Class I
or Class II or is a Class III device that was in commercial distribution before May 28, 1976, for which the FDA has not yet called for
submission of a PMA application. 

Device classification depends on the device s
intended use and its indications for use. In addition, classification is risk-based, that is, the risk the device poses to the patient
and/or the user is a major factor in determining the class to which it is assigned. Class I includes devices with the lowest risk and
Class III includes those with the greatest risk. 

Class I devices are those for which safety
and effectiveness can be assured by adherence to the FDA s general regulatory controls for medical devices, or the General Controls,
which include compliance with the applicable portions of the FDA s quality system regulations, facility registration and product
listing, reporting of adverse medical events, and appropriate, truthful and non-misleading labeling, advertising, and promotional materials.
Some Class I devices also require premarket clearance by the FDA through the 510(k) process. 

6 

Class II devices are subject to the FDA s General Controls,
and any other special controls as deemed necessary by the FDA to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device. Premarket review and
clearance by the FDA for Class II devices is accomplished through the 510(k) process. Pursuant to the Medical Device User Fee and Modernization
Act of 2002, unless a specific exemption applies, 510(k) submissions are subject to user fees. Certain Class II devices are exempt from
this premarket review process. 

Class III includes devices with the greatest
risk. Devices in this class must meet all of the requirements in Classes I and II. In addition, Class III devices cannot be marketed until
they receive Premarket Approval. 

The safety and effectiveness of Class III devices
cannot be assured solely by the General Controls and the other requirements described above. These devices require formal clinical studies
to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. Under Medical Device User Fee and Modernization Act of 2002, PMA applications (and supplemental
premarket approval applications) are subject to significantly higher user fees than 510(k) applications, and they also require considerably
more time and resources. 

510(k) Clearance Pathway 

We are currently developing products that either
will or are likely to require an FDA 510(k) clearance. We anticipate submitting a 510(k) for each such product to demonstrate that such
proposed device is substantially equivalent to a previously cleared 510(k) device or a device that was in commercial distribution before
May 28, 1976, for which the FDA has not yet called for the submission of a 510(k). The FDA s 510(k) clearance pathway usually takes
from three to twelve months but could take longer. In some cases, the FDA may require additional information, including clinical data,
to make a determination regarding substantial equivalence. 

If a device receives 510(k) clearance, any modification
that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a new or major change in its intended use, will
require a new 510(k) clearance or, depending on the modification, a PMA. The FDA requires each device manufacturer to determine whether
the proposed change requires submission of a new 510(k) or a PMA, but the FDA can review any such decision and, if it disagrees with the
manufacturer s determination, can require the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or recall the modified device until 510(k) clearance
or PMA of the modified device is obtained. 

Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments
of 1988 

A manufacturer of a test categorized as moderately
complex may request that categorization of the test be waived through a CLIA Waiver (CW) by Application submission to the FDA. When a
test is categorized as waived, it may be performed by laboratories with a Certificate of Waiver, such as a physician s office or
other outreach setting. In a CW submission, the manufacturer provides evidence to the FDA that a test meets the CLIA statutory criteria
for waiver CLIA, a walk-in clinic or an emergency room provides CMS authority over all laboratory testing, except research that is performed
on humans in the United States. The Division of Laboratory Services, within the Survey and Certification Group under the CMS, has the
responsibility for implementing the CLIA program. 

The CLIA program is designed to establish quality
laboratory testing by ensuring the accuracy, reliability and timeliness of patient test results. Under CLIA, a laboratory is a facility
that does laboratory testing on specimens derived from humans and used to provide information for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment
of disease, or impairment of, or assessment of health. Under the CLIA program, unless waived, laboratories must be certified by the government,
satisfy governmental quality and personnel standards, undergo proficiency testing, be subject to inspections and pay fees. We anticipate
requesting CLIA Waiver for the tests we develop. 

Pervasive and Continuing FDA Regulation 

A host of regulatory requirements apply to our
approved devices, including: the quality system regulation, which requires manufacturers to follow elaborate design, testing, control,
documentation and other quality assurance procedures; the Medical Reporting Regulations, which require manufacturers to report to the
FDA specified types of adverse events involving their products; labeling regulations; and the FDA s general prohibition against
promoting products for unapproved or off-label uses. Some Class II devices are subject to special controls-such as performance
standards, post-market surveillance, patient registries, and FDA guidelines-that do not apply to Class I devices. 

The regulatory requirements that apply to our
approved products classified as medical devices include: 

product listing and establishment registration, which helps facilitate FDA inspections and other regulatory action; 

7 

QSR, which require manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all aspects of the development and manufacturing process; 

labeling regulations and FDA prohibitions against the promotion of products for uncleared, unapproved or off-label use or indication; 

clearance of product modifications that could significantly affect safety or efficacy or that would constitute a major change in intended use of one of our cleared devices; 

approval of product modifications that affect the safety or effectiveness of one of our cleared devices; 

medical device reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers comply with FDA requirements to report if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury, or has malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction of the device or a similar device were to recur; 

post-approval restrictions or conditions, including post-approval study commitments; 

post-market surveillance regulations, which apply when necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and effectiveness data for the device; 

the FDA s recall authority, whereby it can ask, or under certain conditions order, device manufacturers to recall from the market a product that is in violation of governing laws and regulations; 

regulations pertaining to voluntary recalls; and, 

notices of corrections or removals. 

Our Emeryville, CA facility was licensed by the
State of California. We have moved to a new facility and will need to transfer or obtain a State of California license for the new facility
 [once we are manufacturing products for sale in the United States? ]. We and any third-party
manufacturers are subject to announced and unannounced inspections by the State or the FDA to determine our compliance with QSR and other
regulations. 

21st Century Cures Act 

The 21st Century Cures Act, enacted in December
2016, contains several sections specific to medical device innovations. We believe that implementation of the 21st Century Cures Act may
have a positive impact on its businesses by facilitating innovation and/or reducing the regulatory burden imposed on medical device manufacturers. 

Environmental Laws 

We believe that we are in compliance in all material
respects with all foreign, federal, state, and local environmental regulations applicable to our manufacturing facilities. The cost of
ongoing compliance with such regulations does not have a material effect on our operations. 

Intellectual Property 

Intellectual Property Strategy 

Our intellectual property strategy is to: (1)
build our own intellectual property portfolio around our eLab and electrochemical detection system; (2) pursue licenses, trade secrets
and know-how within the area of rapid point-of-care testing; and, (3) develop and acquire proprietary positions to certain biomarkers. 

eLab and Electrochemical Detection System Intellectual
Property 

We have obtained patent coverage on eLab and Electrochemical
detection technology, including numerous patents in the United States, China, Japan, and the European Union. Additional patent applications
are pending in the United States, as well as in the European Union. 

8 

Trademarks 

We have filed and obtained trademarks for our
products, including the Nanomix eLab System. Our trademarks have been obtained in the United States and certain other countries around
the world. 

Trade Secrets and Know-How 

We have developed a substantial body of trade
secrets and know-how relating to the development and manufacture of our eLab and electrochemical test system, including the production
of sensors, the design and production of microfluidics contained in the disposable test cartridge, the sourcing and optimization of materials
for such tests, and methods to maximize sensitivity, speed-to-result, specificity, stability and reproducibility of our tests. These trade
secrets and know-how provide us with an important competitive advantage. 

Properties 

We do not own real properties. Our principal executive
offices recently relocated to 2121 Williams Street, San Leandro, CA, 94577. We lease our office pursuant to a 5-year lease which terminates
on March 31, 2027. We believe that our existing facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our current needs. However, we may need to
add or expand as we increase production levels or add employees. We believe that suitable additional or substitute space will be available
as needed to accommodate any such expansion of our operations. 

Legal Proceedings 

The Company is subject to claims and legal proceedings
that arise in the ordinary course of business. Such matters are inherently uncertain, and there can be no guarantee that the outcome of
any such matter will be decided favorably to the Company or that the resolution of any such matter will not have a material adverse effect
upon the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company does not believe that any of such pending claims and legal proceedings
will have a material adverse effect on its Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company records a liability in its Consolidated Financial
Statements for these matters when a loss is known or considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The Company reviews
these estimates each accounting period as additional information is known and adjusts the loss provision when appropriate. If a matter
is both probable to result in a liability and the amounts of loss can be reasonably estimated, the Company estimates and discloses the
possible loss or range of loss to the extent necessary for its Consolidated Financial Statements not to be misleading. If the loss is
not probable or cannot be reasonably estimated, a liability is not recorded in its Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Set forth below is a description of the Company s
Legal Proceedings. 

In March 2019, we were served with notification
of complaint filed by CureDM Inc. as agent for the members of CureDM Group Holdings, LLC filed with the Supreme Court of the State of
New York County of New York regarding breach of contract and other matters relating to their desire to unwind the acquisition of CureDM
Group Holdings LLC according to the original Contribution Agreement. The complaint was withdrawn by CureDM, Inc. in December 2019. The
Company is continuing to work with the representatives from CureDM Inc. to settle this claim and unwind the Contribution Agreement. 

In addition to the above matter, we are also in
a dispute with Level Brands, Inc. regarding a License Agreement dated June 21, 2018 (JAMS Ref. No.: 1220061261). The Company filed an
Answer to Complaint and Counter-complaint on June 25, 2019. Both parties are claiming non-performance under the License Agreement. The
matter was scheduled for arbitration in October 2019. In October 2019, the arbitration was dismissed without prejudice. 

On October 16, 2019 the Company received a Summons
and Complaint filed by Microcap Headlines Inc. against the Company in the Supreme Court of the United States of New York County of Suffolk
claiming damages of 18,000 and the costs and disbursements of the action. During January 2021, the Company settled this claim with Microcap
Headlines, Inc. for 10,000. 

Corporate Information 

We were formed as a Delaware corporation on August
24, 2009, under the name Avanyx Therapeutics, Inc. On November 15, 2021, we changed our name to Nanomix Corporation In connection
with the acquisition of Nanomix Inc., a California corporation. Our principal executive offices are located at 2121 Williams Street, San
Leandro, CA 94577, and our telephone number is (510) 428-5300. Our website address is nanomixdx.com. Information contained on or accessible
through our website is not, and should not be considered, part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K
and you should not consider any information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this Annual Report in
deciding whether to purchase our securities. 

Available Information 

We make our filings with the SEC, including our
Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, available
free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with, or furnish such reports to, the SEC.
The public may read and copy the materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington,
DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally,
the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information. The address of the SEC s
website is www.sec.gov . The information contained in the SEC s website is not intended to be a part of this filing. 

9 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

An investment in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. Before making an investment decision, you should give careful consideration to the following risk factors, in addition
to the other information included in this prospectus, including our financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to
invest in our securities. The occurrence of any of the adverse developments described in the following risk factors could materially and
adversely harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. In that case, the trading price of our common stock
could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Position and
Need for Additional Capital 

We have incurred significant losses since inception and expect
to incur losses in the future. We cannot be certain that we will achieve or sustain profitability. 

We have incurred significant losses since inception through December
31, 2022 and expect to incur losses in the future. Our accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was approximately
 119.3 million and 106.8 million, respectively, and we incurred net losses each year since inception. We expect that our losses may continue
for at least the next few years as we will be required to invest significant additional funds toward the continued development and commercialization
of our technology. Our ability to achieve or sustain profitability depends on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control,
including the market acceptance of our products and future product candidates, future product development, our ability to achieve marketing
clearance from the FDA and international regulatory clearance for future product candidates, our ability to compete effectively against
an increasing number of competitors and new products, and our market penetration and margins. In spite of efforts to ramp sales of our
products, we may never be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or sustain profitability. 

Our financial situation creates doubt whether we will continue
as a going concern. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued
a report for our financial statements at December 31, 2022 that includes an explanatory paragraph referring to our recurring losses from
operations, which raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have not generated substantial revenues
to date. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had losses of 12.3 million and 9.5 million, respectively. There
can be no assurances that we will be able to achieve a level of revenues adequate to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or
additional financing through private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing necessary to support our working capital requirements.
To the extent that funds generated from any private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing are insufficient, we will have
to raise additional working capital. No assurance can be given that additional financing will be available, or if available, will be on
acceptable terms. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If adequate working capital
is not available, we may be forced to discontinue operations, which would cause investors to lose their entire investment. Our auditors
have indicated that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

We will need to raise additional funding, which may not be available
on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, limit or terminate our product
development efforts or other operations. 

We will need to continue to seek capital from time to time to continue
development of our advanced mobile POC diagnostic system and to acquire and develop other products. Once approved for commercialization,
we cannot provide any assurances that any revenues it may generate in the future will be sufficient to fund our ongoing operations. We
expect that our current cash position is insufficient to fund our operations beyond the current period. However, our operating plan may
change as a result of many factors currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned, through public
or private equity or debt financings, government or other third-party funding, marketing and distribution arrangements and other collaborations,
strategic alliances and licensing arrangements or a combination of these approaches. In any event, we will require additional capital
to obtain regulatory approval for, and to commercialize, our product candidates. Raising funds in the current economic environment may
present additional challenges. Even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans, we may seek additional
capital if market conditions are favorable or if we have specific strategic considerations. 

10 

Any additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from their
day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates. In addition, we cannot
guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Moreover, the terms of
any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity
or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our shares to decline. The sale of additional equity
or convertible securities may dilute our existing stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment
obligations and we may be required to agree to certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt,
limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely
impact our ability to conduct our business. We could also be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborative partners or
otherwise at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable and we may be required to relinquish rights to some of our technologies
or product candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results and prospects. 

If we are unable to obtain funding on a timely basis, we may
be required to significantly curtail, delay or discontinue one or more of our research or development programs or the commercialization
of any product candidate or be unable to expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities, as desired, which
could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our inability to raise capital on acceptable terms in the future
may cause us to delay, diminish, or curtail certain operational activities as we have done during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
including research and development activities, sales and marketing, and other operations, in order to reduce costs and sustain the business,
and such inability would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

We expect capital outlays and operating expenditures to increase over
the next several years as we work to expand our commercial activities, expand our development activities, expand manufacturing operations
and expand our infrastructure. We may need to raise additional capital to, among other things: 

sustain and expand the commercialization of our commercialized assays and assays under development or review by various regulatory agencies; 

expand and automate our manufacturing capabilities and reduce our cost of sales; 

increase our sales and marketing efforts to drive market adoption and address competitive developments; 

finance capital expenditures and our general and administrative expenses; 

develop new assays to expand the product offerings on our eLab system; 

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 

add operational, financial and management information systems; and 

hire additional research and development, quality control, scientific, and general and administrative personnel. 

Our present and future funding requirements will depend on many factors,
including but not limited to: 

the progress and timing of our clinical trials; 

the level of research and development investment required to maintain and improve our technology position; 

the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property rights, if any; 

our efforts to acquire or license complementary technologies or acquire complementary businesses; 

changes in product development plans needed to address any difficulties in commercialization or changing market conditions; 

competing technological and market developments; 

changes in regulatory policies or laws that may affect our operations; and 

changes in physician acceptance or medical society recommendations that may affect commercial efforts. 

11 

Raising additional capital will cause dilution to our existing
stockholders and may restrict our operations or require us to relinquish certain intellectual property rights. 

We will seek additional capital through a combination of public and
private equity offerings, debt financings, strategic partnerships and alliances, licensing arrangements and grants. To the extent that
we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders
may be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our stockholders. Debt
and receivables financings may be coupled with an equity component, such as warrants to purchase shares, which could also result in dilution
of our existing stockholders ownership. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and
could also result in certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability
to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct
our business. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements with third parties,
we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. A failure
to obtain adequate funds may cause us to curtail certain operational activities, including research and development, regulatory trials,
sales and marketing, and manufacturing operations, in order to reduce costs and sustain the business, and would have a material adverse
effect on our business and financial condition. 

We may be at risk of securities class action litigation. 

We may be at risk of securities class action litigation. This risk
is especially relevant for us due to our dependence on regulatory approvals of our diagnostic tests. In the past, life science companies
have experienced significant stock price volatility, particularly when associated with binary events such as clinical trials and product
approvals. Additionally, due to our price volatility and our high demand for cash to fund operations, we have had to conduct a number
of reverse stock splits and highly dilutive financings to continue as a going concern which exposes us to additional risk of securities
class action litigation. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention
and resources, which could harm our business and result in a decline in the market price of our common stock. If such lawsuits were successful
we may not be able to pay awarded damages and we may be forced into bankruptcy which would likely result in the complete loss of your
investment. 

Market and economic conditions may negatively impact our business,
financial condition and share price. 

In recent years, concerns over inflation, energy costs, geopolitical
issues, the U.S. mortgage market and a declining real estate market, unstable global credit markets and financial conditions, and volatile
oil prices have led to periods of significant economic instability, diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer
confidence and discretionary spending, diminished expectations for the global economy and expectations of slower global economic growth
going forward, increased unemployment rates, and increased credit defaults. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by
any such economic downturns, volatile business environments and unstable or unpredictable economic and market conditions. If these conditions
occur, deteriorate or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to complete, more costly, and
more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect
on our growth strategy, financial performance, and share price and could require us to delay or abandon development or commercialization
plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current and future service providers, manufacturers, suppliers, hospitals
and other medical facilities, our third party payors, and other partners could be negatively affected by these difficult economic times,
which could adversely affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget or meet our business and financial objectives. 

The small size of the Company s accounting staff has limited
segregation of financial duties which could result in material misstatements in our financial statements in future periods. 

The Company s CEO and CFO have identified control deficiencies
regarding the lack of segregation of duties and the need for a stronger internal control environment. The small size of the Company s
accounting staff may prevent adequate controls in the future, such as segregation of duties, due to the cost/benefit of such remediation. 

Although the Company has hired a Controller to work on SEC reporting
and accounting matters, we expect that the Company will need to hire accounting personnel with the requisite knowledge to improve the
levels of review of accounting and financial reporting matters. The Company may experience delays in doing so and any such additional
employees would require time and training to learn the Company s business and operating processes and procedures. For the near-term
future, until such personnel are in place, this will continue to be a weakness in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting that could result in material misstatements in the Company s financial statements not being prevented or detected. 

In addition, other control weaknesses or deficiencies may be identified
in the future. If we are unable to correct such weaknesses or deficiencies in internal controls in a timely manner, our ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information accurately and within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC
will be adversely affected, and could result in material misstatements in our financial statements in future periods. This failure could
negatively affect the market price and trading liquidity of our common stock, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
information, subject us to civil and criminal investigations and penalties, and generally materially and adversely impact our business
and financial condition. 

12 

Risks Related to our Indebtedness 

Our obligations to the holders of our Notes
are secured by a security interest in substantially all of our assets We are currently in default on the Notes and, as a result, , the
note holders could foreclose on our assets. 

Our obligations under the Notes are secured by
a security interest in substantially all of our assets. As a result, if we default in our obligations under the Notes, the holders of
the notes, acting through their appointed agent, could foreclose on their security interests and liquidate some or all of these assets,
which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations and could require us to curtail or cease operations. 

If the holders of our Notes elect to convert
the principal and interest due under the Notes, our stockholders will experience substantial dilution in their investment. 

The total remaining principal amount we owe to
the holders of our Notes is approximately 14.6 million as of December 31, 2022. If the holders of these Notes were to elect to convert
all of the principal amount (and assuming no interest has accrued on the principal amount) into shares of our common stock at the Conversion
Price of 1.1717, we would be required to issue approximately 11.5 million shares. These conversions would result in significant dilution
to the investments of our existing stockholders. 

The holders of our Notes have certain rights
upon an event of default under the Notes which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations and could require
us to curtail or cease or operations. 

Under our Notes, the holders of the Notes may
require us to redeem all or any portion of the Notes (including all accrued and unpaid interest thereon), in cash, at a price equal to
the greater of (i) 115 of the amount to be redeemed and (ii) the product of (X) the Conversion Rate (as defined in the Notes) multiplied
by (Y) the product of (1) 120 multiplied by (2) the greatest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period
commencing on the Trading Day immediately preceding such Event of Default (or deemed Event of Default disregarding any cure period in
such Event of Default above) and ending on the date the Company makes the entire payment required to be made. It is unlikely that we would
have the cash to redeem the Notes as required. Furthermore, if we default on the payment of the notes, interest on the notes will accrue
at the rate of 18 per annum. If we were unable to come to an agreement with the holders of the Notes regarding payment, the holders could
foreclose on their security interest, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations and could require use
to curtail or cease our operations. 

Risks Related to Product Development, Regulatory Approval, Manufacturing
and Commercialization 

If we cannot successfully develop, maintain, commercialize, or
obtain regulatory approvals for new and existing diagnostic assays, our financial results will be harmed and our ability to compete will
be harmed. 

Our financial performance depends in part upon our ability to successfully
develop and market new assays in a rapidly changing technological and economic environment, and to maintain and successfully commercialize
previously cleared assays. If we fail to successfully introduce new assays or do not maintain approval for previously FDA-cleared assays,
we could lose customers and market share. We could also lose market share if our competitors introduce new assays or technologies that
render our assays less competitive or obsolete. In addition, delays in the introduction of new assays due to regulatory, developmental
or other obstacles could negatively impact our revenue and market share, as well as our earnings. Factors that can influence our ability
to introduce new assays, the timing associated with new product approvals and commercial success of these assays include: 

the scope of and progress made in our research and development activities; 

our ability to successfully initiate and complete clinical trial studies; 

timely expansion of our menu of assays; 

the results of clinical trials needed to support any regulatory approvals of our assays; 

our ability to obtain and maintain requisite FDA or other regulatory clearances or approvals for our assays on a timely basis; 

demand for the new assays we introduce; 

product offerings from our competitors; and 

the functionality of new assays that address market requirements and customer demands. 

13 

We are subject to many laws and governmental regulations and
any adverse regulatory action may materially adversely affect our financial condition and business operations. 

The assays that we develop and commercialize in
the future are subject to regulation by numerous government agencies, including the FDA and comparable foreign agencies. To varying degrees,
each of these agencies requires us to comply with laws and regulations governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing
and distribution of our assays. In particular, FDA regulations govern activities such as product development, product testing, product
labeling, product storage, premarket clearance or approval, manufacturing, advertising, promotion, product sales, reporting of certain
product failures and distribution. Our assays will require 510(k) clearance from the FDA prior to marketing. 

We may be unable to obtain marketing clearance for our assays in development.
If such approval is obtained, it may: 

take a significant amount of time; 

require the expenditure of substantial resources; 

involve stringent clinical and pre-clinical testing; 

involve modifications, repairs, or replacements of our assays; and/or 

result in limitations on the proposed uses of our assays. 

Since 2009, the FDA has significantly increased its oversight of companies
subject to its regulations, including medical device companies, by hiring new investigators and stepping up inspections of manufacturing
facilities. The FDA has recently also significantly increased the number of warning letters issued to companies. If the FDA were to conclude
that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that any of our medical devices are ineffective or pose an unreasonable
health risk, the FDA could ban such medical devices, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded medical devices, order a recall, repair,
replacement, or refund of such devices, refuse to grant pending pre-market approval applications or require certificates of foreign governments
for exports, and/or require us to notify health professionals and others that the devices present unreasonable risks of substantial harm
to the public health. The FDA may also impose operating restrictions on a company-wide basis, enjoin and restrain certain violations of
applicable law pertaining to medical devices and assess civil or criminal penalties against our officers, employees or us. The FDA may
also recommend prosecution to the U.S. Department of Justice. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict
us from effectively marketing and selling our diagnostic tests. 

Foreign governmental regulations have become increasingly stringent
and more common, and we may become subject to more rigorous regulation by foreign governmental authorities in the future. Penalties for
a company s non-compliance with foreign governmental regulation could be severe, including revocation or suspension of a company s
business license and criminal sanctions. Any domestic or foreign governmental law or regulation imposed in the future may have a material
adverse effect on us. 

Our current and potential customers in the United States and elsewhere
may also be subject, directly or indirectly, to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, transparency, health information
privacy and security and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual
damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens and diminished profits and future earnings. 

The life sciences industry is highly competitive and subject
to rapid technological change. If our competitors and potential competitors develop superior assays and technologies, our competitive
position and results of operations would suffer. 

We face intense competition from a number of companies that offer assays
in our target markets, many of which have substantially greater financial resources and larger, more established marketing, sales and
service operations than we do. The life sciences industry is characterized by rapid and continuous technological innovation. We may need
to develop new technologies for our existing product and our assays to be competitive. One or more of our current or future competitors
could render our existing products or assays under development obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances. We may also encounter
other problems in the process of delivering new assays to the marketplace, such as problems related to FDA clearance or regulations, design,
development or manufacturing of such assays, and as a result we may be unsuccessful in selling such assays. Our future success depends
on our ability to compete effectively against current technologies, as well as to respond effectively to technological advances by developing
and marketing assays that are competitive in the continually changing technological landscape. 

14 

If our assays do not perform as expected or the reliability of
the technology on which our assays are based is questioned, we could experience delayed or reduced market acceptance of our assays, increased
costs and damage to our reputation. 

Our success depends on the market s confidence that we can provide
reliable, high-quality analyzers and diagnostic program. We believe that customers in our target markets are likely to be particularly
sensitive to product defects and errors. Our reputation and the public image of our assays or technologies may be impaired if our assays
fail to perform as expected or our assays are perceived as difficult to use. Despite quality control testing, defects or errors could
occur in our assays or technologies. 

In the future, if our assays experience a material defect or error,
this could result in loss or delay of revenues, delayed market acceptance, product recalls, damaged reputation, diversion of development
resources, legal claims, increased insurance costs or increased service and warranty costs, any of which could harm our business. Such
defects or errors could also prompt us to amend certain warning labels or narrow the scope of the use of our assays, either of which could
hinder our success in the market. Even after any underlying concerns or problems are resolved, any widespread concerns regarding our technology
or any manufacturing defects or performance errors in our assays could result in lost revenue, delayed market acceptance, damaged reputation,
increased service and warranty costs and claims against us. 

Disruptions at the FDA and other government agencies caused by
funding shortages, or other agency policy concerns could shift their priorities or hinder their ability to hire, retain or deploy key
leadership and other personnel. This could result in delays or may delay, or otherwise prevent new or modified products from being developed,
cleared, approved, authorized, or commercialized in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively impact our business. 

The ability of the FDA to review and clear, approve, or authorize new
products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, statutory, regulatory, and policy changes,
the FDA s ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and other events that may otherwise affect
the FDA s ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result.
In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political
process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for medical
devices or modifications to be cleared or approved, medical devices to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which
would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, including for 35 days beginning on December 22, 2018, the
U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical FDA employees
and stop critical activities. Separately, in response to the global COVID-19 pandemic, on March 10, 2020 the FDA announced its intention
to postpone most foreign inspections of manufacturing facilities and products, and subsequently, on March 18, 2020, the FDA announced
its intention to temporarily postpone routine surveillance inspections of domestic manufacturing facilities. Further, the FDA s
response to COID-19 has delayed and may continue to delay reviews of non-COVID products which in turn would impact our ability to bring
products to market. Regulatory authorities outside the United States may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response
to the COVID-19 pandemic. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns continue to prevent the FDA or other
regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact
the ability of the FDA or other regulatory authorities to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

If our S1 Assay Panel, COVID-19 Antigen Panel, COVID-19 IgG/IgM
Antibody panel products or any of our other product candidates fail to achieve and sustain sufficient market acceptance, we will not generate
expected revenue and our growth prospects, operating results and financial condition may be harmed. 

The commercialization of our S1 Assay Panel products and the future
commercialization of our other product candidates in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we intend to pursue marketing
clearance are key elements of our strategy. If we are not successful in conveying to hospitals and other customers that our current products
and future product candidates provide equivalent or superior diagnostic information in a shorter period of time compared to existing technologies,
or that these products and future product candidates improve patient outcomes or decrease healthcare costs, we may experience reluctance,
or refusal, on the part of hospitals to order, and third-party payors to pay for performing a test in which our product is utilized. 

These hurdles may make it difficult to demonstrate to hospitals and
other healthcare providers that our current diagnostic products and future product candidates are appropriate options for testing, may
be superior to available tests and may be more cost-effective than alternative technologies. 

If we fail to successfully commercialize our products and product candidates,
we may never receive a return on the significant investments in product development, sales and marketing, regulatory, manufacturing and
quality assurance we have made and further investments we intend to make and may fail to generate revenue and gain economies of scale
from such investments. 

15 

If any of our products, or the malfunctioning of our products,
causes or contributes to a death or a serious injury, we will be subject to medical device reporting regulations, which can result in
voluntary corrective actions or agency enforcement actions. 

Under the FDA medical device reporting regulations, medical device
manufacturers are required to report to the FDA information that a device has or may have caused or contributed to a death or serious
injury or has malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to death or serious injury if the malfunction of the device
were to recur. If we fail to report these events to the FDA within the required timeframes, or at all, FDA could take enforcement action
against us. Any such adverse event involving our assays could also result in future voluntary corrective actions, such as recalls or customer
notifications, or agency action, such as inspection or enforcement action. Any corrective action, whether voluntary or involuntary, as
well as defending ourselves in a lawsuit, will require the dedication of our time and capital, distract management from operating our
business, and may harm our reputation and financial results. 

Our assays may in the future be subject to product recalls. A
recall of our products, either voluntarily or at the direction of the FDA or another governmental authority, including a third-country
authority, or the discovery of serious safety issues with our products, could have a significant adverse impact on us. 

The FDA and similar foreign governmental authorities have the authority
to require the recall of commercialized products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture. In the case
of the FDA, the authority to require a recall must be based on an FDA finding that there is reasonable probability that the device would
cause serious injury or death. In addition, foreign governmental bodies have the authority to require the recall of our products in the
event of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture. Manufacturers may, under their own initiative, recall a product if
any material deficiency in a device is found. The FDA requires that certain classifications of recalls be reported to the FDA within ten
working days after the recall is initiated. A government-mandated or voluntary recall by us or one of our international distributors could
occur as a result of an unacceptable risk to health, component failures, malfunctions, manufacturing errors, design or labeling defects
or other deficiencies and issues. Recalls of any of our assays would divert managerial and financial resources and have an adverse effect
on our reputation, results of operations and financial condition, which could impair our ability to produce our products in a cost-effective
and timely manner in order to meet our customers demands. We may also be subject to liability claims, be required to bear other
costs, or take other actions that may have a negative impact on our future sales and our ability to generate profits. Companies are required
to maintain certain records of recalls, even if they are not reportable to the FDA or another third-country competent authority. We may
initiate voluntary recalls involving our products in the future that we determine do not require notification of the FDA or another third-country
competent authority. If the FDA disagrees with our determinations, it could require us to report those actions as recalls. A future recall
announcement could harm our reputation with customers and negatively affect our sales. In addition, the FDA could take enforcement action
for failing to report the recalls when they occur. 

We are also required to follow detailed recordkeeping requirements
for all Company-initiated medical device corrections and removals. In addition, in December 2012, the FDA issued a draft guidance intended
to assist the FDA and industry in distinguishing medical device recalls from product enhancements. Per the guidance, if any change or
group of changes to a device that addresses a violation of the FDCA, that change would generally constitute a medical device recall and
require submission of a recall report to the FDA. 

If we become subject to claims relating to improper handling,
storage or disposal of hazardous materials, we could incur significant cost and time to comply. 

We are subject to foreign, federal, state and local regulations governing
the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of materials and waste products. We may incur significant costs complying with both
existing and future environmental laws and regulations. In particular, we are subject to regulation by the Occupational Safety and Health
Administration, or OSHA, and the Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, and to regulation under the Toxic Substances Control Act and
the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act in the United States. OSHA or the EPA may adopt additional regulations in the future that may
affect our research and development programs. The risk of accidental contamination or injury from hazardous materials cannot be eliminated
completely. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for any damages that result, and any liability could exceed the limits
or fall outside the coverage of our workers compensation insurance. We may not be able to maintain insurance on acceptable terms,
if at all. 

16 

Our diagnostic products have not been manufactured in significant
volume and are subject to unforeseen scale-up risks. 

Although we have developed a process to manufacture our diagnostic
products, there can be no assurance that we can manufacture our diagnostic products at a scale that is adequate for our future commercial
needs. We may face significant or unforeseen difficulties in manufacturing our diagnostic products, including but not limited to: 

technical issues relating to manufacturing components of our diagnostic products on a high volume commercial scale at reasonable cost, and in a reasonable time frame; 

difficulty meeting demand or timing requirements for orders due to excessive costs or lack of capacity for part or all of an operation or process; 

lack of skilled labor or unexpected increases in labor costs needed to produce or maintain our analyzers or perform certain required operations; 

changes in government regulations or in quality or other requirements that lead to additional manufacturing costs or an inability to supply product in a timely manner, if at all; and 

increases in raw material or component supply cost or an inability to obtain supplies of certain critical components or supplies needed to complete our manufacturing processes. 

These and other difficulties may only become apparent when scaling
up to the manufacturing process of our diagnostic products to a more substantive commercial scale. If our diagnostic products cannot be
manufactured in sufficient commercial quantities or manufacturing is delayed, our future prospects could be significantly impacted and
our financial prospects would be materially harmed. 

We or our suppliers may experience development or manufacturing
problems or delays that could limit the growth of our revenue or increase our losses. 

We may encounter unforeseen situations in the manufacturing of our
diagnostic products that could result in delays or shortfalls in our production. Our suppliers may also face similar delays or shortfalls.
In addition, our or our suppliers production processes may have to change to accommodate any significant future expansion of our
manufacturing capacity, which may increase our or our suppliers manufacturing costs, delay production of our diagnostic products,
reduce our product gross margin and adversely impact our business. If we are unable to satisfy demand for our diagnostic products by successfully
manufacturing and shipping our diagnostic products in a timely manner, our revenue could be impaired, market acceptance for our assays
could be adversely affected and our customers might instead purchase our competitors assays. In addition, developing manufacturing
procedures for assays under development may require developing specific production processes for those assays. Developing such processes
could be time consuming and any unexpected difficulty in doing so can delay the introduction of a product. 

We utilize third-party, single-source suppliers for some components
and materials used in our products and product candidates, and the loss of any of these suppliers could have an adverse impact on our
business. 

We rely on single-source suppliers for some components and materials
used in our products and product candidates. Our ability to supply our products commercially and to develop any future products depends,
in part, on our ability to obtain these components in accordance with regulatory requirements and in sufficient quantities for clinical
testing and commercialization. While our suppliers have generally met our demand for their products on a timely basis in the past, these
were with limited production quantities and we cannot assure that they will in the future be able to meet our demand for their products,
either because we do not have long-term agreements with those suppliers, our relative importance as a customer to those suppliers, or
their ability to produce the components used in our products. For example, our supplier of printed electrodes has exited the printing
business. We purchased safety stock from the supplier prior to their discontinuing production and have begun qualification of a replacement
supplier. 

While we believe replacement suppliers exist for all components and
materials we obtain from single sources, establishing additional or replacement suppliers for any of these components or materials, if
required, may not be accomplished quickly. Even if we are able to find a replacement supplier, the replacement supplier would need to
be qualified and may require additional regulatory authority approval, which could result in further delay. While we will seek to maintain
adequate inventory of the single-source components and materials used in our products in the event of disruption, those inventories may
not be sufficient. 

If our third-party suppliers fail to deliver the required commercial
quantities of materials on a timely basis and at commercially reasonable prices, and we are unable to find one or more replacement suppliers
capable of production at a substantially equivalent cost in substantially equivalent volumes and quality on a timely basis, the continued
commercialization of our products, the supply of our products to customers and the development of any future 

17 

Manufacturing risks may adversely affect our ability to manufacture
products and could reduce our gross margins and negatively affect our operating results. 

Our business strategy depends on our ability to manufacture and assemble
our current and proposed products in sufficient quantities and on a timely basis to meet consumer demand, while adhering to product quality
standards, complying with regulatory requirements and managing manufacturing costs. We are subject to numerous risks relating to our manufacturing
capabilities, including: 

quality or reliability defects in or changes in the composition of product components that we source from third party suppliers; 

our inability to secure product components in a timely manner, in sufficient quantities or on commercially reasonable terms; 

our failure to increase production of products to meet demand; 

the challenge of implementing and maintaining acceptable quality systems while experiencing rapid growth; 

our inability to build production lines to enable us to efficiently produce products; and 

difficulty identifying and qualifying alternative suppliers for components in a timely manner. 

As demand for our products increases, we will need to invest additional
resources to purchase components, hire and train employees, and enhance our manufacturing processes and implement manufacturing and quality
systems. If we fail to increase our production capacity efficiently while also maintaining quality requirements, our sales may not increase
in line with our forecasts and our operating margins could fluctuate or decline. In addition, while we expect most new products will utilize
the eLab instrument system and existing consumable cartridge, manufacturing of future products may require the modification of our production
lines, the hiring of specialized employees, the identification of new suppliers for specific components, or the development of new manufacturing
technologies. It may not be possible for us to manufacture these products at a cost or in quantities sufficient to make these products
commercially viable. Any future interruptions we experience in the manufacturing or shipping of our products could delay our ability to
recognize revenues in a particular quarter and could also adversely affect our relationships with our customers. 

We expect to rely on third parties to conduct studies of our
assays under development that will be required by the FDA or other regulatory authorities and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily. 

We do not have the ability to independently conduct the field trial
studies or other studies that may be required to obtain FDA and other regulatory clearances or approvals for our assays. Accordingly,
we expect to rely on third parties, such as independent testing laboratories and hospitals, to conduct such studies. Our reliance on these
third parties will reduce our control over these activities. These third-party contractors may not complete activities on schedule or
conduct studies in accordance with regulatory requirements or our study design. We cannot control whether they devote sufficient time,
skill and resources to our studies. Our reliance on third parties that we do not control will not relieve us of any applicable requirement
to prepare, and ensure compliance with, various procedures required under good clinical practices. If these third parties do not successfully
carry out their contractual duties or regulatory obligations or meet expected deadlines, if the third parties need to be replaced or if
the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to their failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory
requirements or for other reasons, our studies may be extended, delayed, suspended or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory
approval for additional assays. 

Any clinical trials that we may conduct may not begin on time,
or at all, may not be completed on schedule, or at all, or may be more expensive than we expect, which could prevent or delay regulatory
approval of our assays or impair our financial position. 

The commencement or completion of any clinical trials that we may
conduct may be delayed or halted for numerous reasons, including, but not limited to, the following: 

the FDA or other regulatory authorities suspend or place on hold a clinical trial, or do not approve a clinical trial protocol or a clinical trial; 

the data and safety monitoring committee or applicable hospital institutional ethics review board recommends that a trial be placed on hold or suspended; 

fewer patients meet our clinical study criteria and our enrollment rate is lower than we expected; 

clinical trial sites decide not to participate or cease participation in a clinical trial; 

18 

third-party clinical investigators do not perform our clinical trials on schedule or consistent with the clinical trial protocol and good clinical practices, or other third-party organizations do not perform data collection and analysis in a timely or accurate manner; 

we fail regulatory inspections of our manufacturing facilities requiring us to undertake corrective action or suspend or terminate our clinical trials; 

interim results of the clinical trial are inconclusive or negative; 

pre-clinical or clinical data are interpreted by third parties in unanticipated ways; or 

our trial design is inadequate to demonstrate safety and/or efficacy. 

Our clinical trial costs will increase if we have material delays in
those trials or if we need to perform more or larger trials than planned. Adverse events during a clinical trial could cause us to repeat
a trial, terminate a trial or cancel an entire program. Should our clinical development plan be delayed, this could have a material adverse
effect on our operations and financial condition. 

Product liability claims could adversely impact our financial
condition and our earnings and impair our reputation. 

Our business exposes us to potential product liability risks that
are inherent in the design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices. Device failures, manufacturing defects, design flaws, or inadequate
disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information with respect to our assays could result in an unsafe condition regarding,
injury to, or death of, a patient. The occurrence of such a problem could result in product liability claims or a recall of, or safety
alert relating to, one or more of our assays. Product liability claims or product recalls in the future, regardless of their ultimate
outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation and on our ability to attract and retain customers for our
assays. 

If our diagnostic products do not perform as expected, our operating
results, reputation and business will suffer. 

Our future success will depend on the market s confidence
that our technologies can provide reliable, high-quality diagnostic results. We believe that our customers are likely to be particularly
sensitive to any defects or errors in our products. If our technology fails to perform a clinical test, then we could face claims against
us or our reputation could suffer as a result of such failures. The failure of our current products or planned diagnostic product candidates
to perform reliably or as expected could significantly impair our reputation and the public image of our products, and we may be subject
to legal claims arising from any defects or errors. 

Our products may not be able to compete with new diagnostic products
or existing products developed by well-established competitors, which would negatively affect our business. 

The diagnostic industry is focused on the testing of biological specimens
in a laboratory or at the point-of-care and is highly competitive and rapidly changing. Important competitive factors for our products
include price, quality, performance, ease of use, and customer service. 

A few large corporations produce a wide variety of diagnostic tests
and other medical devices and equipment. A larger number of mid-size companies generally compete only in the diagnostic industry and a
significant number of small companies produce only a few diagnostic products. As a result, the diagnostic test industry is highly fragmented
and segmented. 

Some of our principal competitors may have considerably greater financial,
technical and marketing resources than we do. Several companies produce diagnostic tests that compete directly with our testing product
line, including Abbott (Alere), Siemens, Becton Dickinson, and Danaher. Some competitors offer broader product lines and may have greater
name recognition than we have. These and other companies have or may have products incorporating advanced technologies that over time
could directly compete with our testing product line. 

As new products incorporating new technologies enter the market, our
products may become obsolete or a competitor s products may be more effective or more effectively marketed and sold. If our competitors 
products take market share from our products through more effective marketing or competitive pricing, our revenues, margins and operating
results could be adversely affected. 

19 

Our future revenues and operating results may be negatively affected
by ongoing consolidation in the healthcare industry . 

There has been a significant amount of consolidation in the healthcare
industry. This consolidation has increased the competition to provide goods and services to customers. In addition, group purchasing organizations
and integrated health delivery networks have served to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has also placed pricing
pressure on medical device suppliers. Due to ongoing consolidation, there could be additional pressure on the prices of our products. 

Undetected errors or defects in our products or product candidates
could harm our reputation, decrease market acceptance of our products or expose us to product liability claims. 

Our products or product candidates may contain undetected errors or
defects. Disruptions or other performance problems with our products or product candidates may damage our customers businesses
and could harm our reputation. If that occurs, we may incur significant costs, the attention of our key personnel could be diverted or
other significant customer relations problems may arise. We may also be subject to warranty and liability claims for damages related to
errors or defects in our products or product candidates. A material liability claim or other occurrence that harms our reputation or decreases
market acceptance of our products or product candidates could harm our business and operating results. 

The sale and use of products or product candidates or services
based on our technologies, or activities related to our research and clinical studies, could lead to the filing of product liability claims
if someone were to allege that one of our products contained a design or manufacturing defect. A product liability claim could result
in substantial damages and be costly and time consuming to defend, either of which could materially harm our business or financial condition.
We cannot assure you that our product liability insurance would adequately protect our assets from the financial impact of defending a
product liability claim. Any product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could increase our product liability insurance
rates or prevent us from securing insurance coverage in the future. 

We currently develop, manufacture and test our products and product
candidates and some of their components in a single facility. If these or any future facility or our equipment were damaged or destroyed,
or if we experience a significant disruption in our operations for any reason, our ability to continue to operate our business could be
materially harmed. 

We currently develop, manufacture and test our products and product
candidates exclusively in a facility in San Leandro, California. If this or any future facility were to be damaged, destroyed or otherwise
unable to operate, whether due to fire, floods, hurricanes, storms, tornadoes, other natural disasters, employee malfeasance, terrorist
acts, power outages, or otherwise, or if our business is disrupted for any other reason, we may not be able to develop or test our products
and product candidates as promptly as our potential customers expect, or possibly not at all. 

The manufacture of components of our products and product candidates
involves complex processes, sophisticated equipment and strict adherence to specifications and quality systems procedures. Any unforeseen
manufacturing problems, such as contamination of our facility, equipment malfunction, or failure to strictly follow procedures or meet
specifications, could result in delays or shortfalls in production of our products. Identifying and resolving the cause of any manufacturing
issues could require substantial time and resources. If we are unable to keep up with future demand for our products by successfully manufacturing
and shipping our products in a timely manner, our revenue growth could be impaired and market acceptance of our product candidates could
be adversely affected. 

We maintain insurance coverage against damage to our property and equipment,
subject to deductibles and other limitations that we believe is adequate. If we have underestimated our insurance needs with respect to
an interruption, or if an interruption is not subject to coverage under our insurance policies, we may not be able to cover our losses. 

Third-Party reimbursement policies and potential cost constraints
could negatively affect our business. 

The list of our product end-users includes hospitals and other healthcare
providers. If these end-users do not receive adequate reimbursement for the cost of our products from their patients healthcare
insurers or payors, the use of our products could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, the net sales of our products could also be adversely
affected by changes in reimbursement policies of government or private healthcare payors. 

Hospitals and other healthcare providers who purchase diagnostic
products in the United States generally rely on third-party payors, such as private health insurance plans, Medicare and Medicaid, to
reimburse all or part of the cost of the product. Due to the overall escalating cost of medical products and services, there is increased
pressures on the healthcare industry, both foreign and domestic, to reduce the cost of products and services. Given the efforts to control
and reduce healthcare costs in the United States, available levels of reimbursement may change for our existing products or products under
development. Third-party reimbursement and coverage may not be available or adequate in either the United States or international markets,
current reimbursement amounts may be decreased in the future and future legislation, and regulation or reimbursement policies of third-party
payors, may reduce the demand for our products or our ability to sell our products on a profitable basis. 

20 

Ongoing changes in healthcare regulation could negatively affect
our revenues, business and financial condition. 

There have been several proposed changes in the United States at the
federal and state level for comprehensive reforms regarding the payment for, the availability of and reimbursement for healthcare services.
These proposals have ranged from fundamentally changing federal and state healthcare reimbursement programs, including providing comprehensive
healthcare coverage to the public under government-funded programs, to minor modifications to existing programs. One example is the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care or the Affordable Care Act, the Federal healthcare reform law enacted in 2010. 

Healthcare reform initiatives will continue to be proposed and may
reduce healthcare related funding in an effort. It is impossible to predict the ultimate content and timing of any healthcare reform legislation
and its resulting impact on us. If significant reforms are made to the healthcare system in the United States, or in other jurisdictions,
those reforms may increase our costs or otherwise negatively effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

In April 2017, the European Parliament passed the Medical Devices Regulation
(Regulation 2017/745), which repeals and replaces the European Union Medical Devices Directive and the Active Implantable Medical Devices
Directive. Unlike directives, which must be implemented into the national laws of the European Economic Area, which we refer to as the
EEA, member States, the regulations would be directly applicable, i.e., without the need for adoption of EEA member State laws implementing
them, in all EEA member States and are intended to eliminate current differences in the regulation of medical devices among EEA member
States. The Medical Devices Regulation, among other things, is intended to establish a uniform, transparent, predictable and sustainable
regulatory framework across the EEA for medical devices and ensure a high level of safety and health while supporting innovation. The
Medical Devices Regulation will, however, only become fully applicable three years after publication (in May 2020). Once applicable, the
Medical Devices Regulation will, among other things: 

strengthen the rules on placing devices on the market and reinforce surveillance once they are available; 

establish explicit provisions on manufacturers responsibilities for the follow-up of the quality, performance and safety of devices placed on the market; 

improve the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to the end-user or patient through a unique identification number; 

set up a central database to provide patients, healthcare professionals and the public with comprehensive information on products available in the EU; and 

strengthen rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices, such as implants, which may have to undergo an additional check by experts before they are placed on the market. 

The Medical Devices Regulation was effective in
2022 and may impose increased compliance obligations for us to access the EU market. 

Legislative and other regulatory changes could have an effect
on our business. 

Changes in regulatory or economic conditions or in the laws and policies
governing foreign trade, taxes, manufacturing, and development in the United States could impact our business. Economic and regulatory
changes could also affect foreign currency exchange rates which, in turn, could affect our reported financial results and our competitiveness
on a worldwide basis. 

Consolidation in the healthcare industry could have an
adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 

Many healthcare companies, including healthcare systems, are consolidating
to create new companies with greater market power. As the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide goods and services
to industry participants will become more intense. These industry participants may try to use their market power to negotiate price concessions
or reductions for diagnostic tests. If we are forced to reduce our prices because of consolidation in the healthcare industry, our projected
revenues would decrease and our earnings, financial condition, and/or cash flows would suffer. 

If we or our distributors do not comply with the U.S. federal
and state fraud and abuse laws, including anti-kickback laws for any products approved in the U.S., or with similar foreign laws where
we market our products, we could face significant liability. 

There are numerous United States federal and state laws pertaining
to healthcare fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback laws, false claims, and physician transparency laws. Our relationships with physicians
and surgeons, hospitals and our independent distributors are subject to scrutiny under these laws. Violations of these laws are punishable
by criminal and civil sanctions, including significant fines, damages and monetary penalties and in some instances, imprisonment and exclusion
from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, including the Medicare, Medicaid and Veterans Administration health programs. 

21 

Healthcare fraud and abuse regulations are complex, and even minor
irregularities can potentially give rise to claims that a statute or prohibition has been violated. The laws that may affect our ability
to operate include: 

the federal healthcare program Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving, or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward the purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any good or service for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; 

federal civil False Claims Act prohibits, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment of government funds that are false or fraudulent or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to an obligation to pay money to the government or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding, decreasing or concealing an obligation to pay money to the federal government; 

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology and Clinical Health Act of 2009, which, among other things, imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information; 

HIPAA also created federal criminal laws that prohibit knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement or representation, or making or using any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any materially false fictitious or fraudulent statement or entry in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services; 

the Federal Trade Commission Act and similar laws regulating advertisement and consumer protections; 

the federal Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1997, which makes it illegal to offer or provide money or anything of value to officials of foreign governments, foreign political parties, or international organizations with the intent to obtain or retain business or seek a business advantage; and 

state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, and state laws governing the privacy of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. In addition, there has been a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians. Some states, such as California, Massachusetts, Nevada, and Vermont mandate implementation of commercial compliance programs and/or impose restrictions on device manufacturer marketing practices and tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and other remuneration to physicians. 

Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties
will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities
will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable
fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other
governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages,
fines, exclusion from federal healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations.
To enforce compliance with the federal laws, the U.S. Department of Justice, or DOJ, has recently increased its scrutiny of interactions
between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements
in the healthcare industry. Dealing with investigations can be time and resource consuming and can divert management s attention
from the business. In addition, settlements with the DOJ or other law enforcement agencies have forced healthcare providers to agree to
additional onerous compliance and reporting requirements as part of a consent decree or corporate integrity agreement. Any violations
of these laws, or any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could have a material
adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial condition. 

22 

Many foreign countries have enacted similar laws addressing fraud and
abuse in the healthcare sector. The shifting commercial compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable
systems to comply with different compliance requirements in multiple jurisdictions increases the possibility that we may run afoul of
one or more of the requirements. 

If we are unable to recruit, train and retain key personnel,
we may not achieve our goals. 

Our future success depends on our ability to recruit, develop, retain
and motivate key personnel, including individuals for our senior management, research and development, engineering, manufacturing and
sales and marketing teams. We do not have employment contracts with management personnel. Competition for qualified personnel is intense,
particularly in the San Francisco Bay area. Our growth depends on attracting, retaining and motivating highly skilled personnel with the
necessary technical or scientific background and ability to understand our products at a technical and clinical level. In addition, we
will need to hire assay developers, automation engineers and other manufacturing employees to build our product offerings and meet demand
for our products as we scale up our sales and marketing operations. Because of the complex and technical nature of our products and the
dynamic market in which we compete, any failure to attract, develop, retain and motivate qualified personnel could materially harm our
operating results and growth prospects. 

Changes in tax laws or exposure to additional income tax liabilities
could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes in
both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Changes in existing tax laws, treaties, regulations or policies or the interpretation
or enforcement thereof, or the enactment or adoption of new tax laws, treaties, regulations or policies could materially impact our effective
tax rate. 

If we do not achieve, sustain or successfully manage our
anticipated growth, our business and prospects will be harmed. 

If we are unable to obtain or sustain adequate revenue growth, our
financial results could suffer. Furthermore, significant growth will place strains on our management and our operational and financial
systems and processes and our operating costs may escalate even faster than planned. If we cannot effectively manage our expanding operations
and our costs, we may not be able to grow effectively or we may grow at a slower pace. Additionally, if we do not successfully forecast
the timing of regulatory authorization for our additional tests, marketing and subsequent demand for our diagnostic tests or manage our
anticipated expenses accordingly, our operating results will be harmed. 

Other companies or institutions have commercial assays or may
develop and market novel or improved methods for infectious disease diagnostics, which may make our diagnostic platform less competitive
or obsolete. 

The market for diagnostics is large and established, and our competitors
may possess significantly greater financial resources and have larger development and commercialization capabilities than we do. We may
be unable to compete effectively against these competitors either because their diagnostic platforms are superior or because they may
have more expertise, experience, financial resources or stronger business relationships. 

New technologies, techniques or assays could emerge that might
offer better combinations of price and performance than our current or future assays. 

It is critical to our success that we anticipate changes in technology
and customer requirements and to successfully introduce, on a timely and cost-effective basis, new, enhanced and competitive technologies
that meet the needs of current and prospective customers. If we do not successfully innovate and introduce new technology into our product
lines or manage the transitions to new product offerings, our revenues, results of operations and business will be adversely impacted.
Competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards
or customer requirements. We anticipate that we will face increased competition in the future as existing companies and competitors develop
new or improved diagnostic tests and as new companies enter the market with new technologies. 

We could be exposed to liability if we experience security breaches
or other disruptions, which could harm our reputation and business . 

We may be subject to cyber-attacks whereby computer hackers may attempt
to access our computer systems or our third-party IT service provider s systems and, if successful, misappropriate personal or confidential
information. In addition, a contractor or other third party with whom we do business may attempt to circumvent our security measures or
obtain such information and may purposefully or inadvertently cause a breach involving sensitive information. We will continue to evaluate
and implement additional protective measures to reduce the risk and detect cyber incidents, but cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated
and frequent and the techniques used in such attacks change rapidly. Even though we take cyber-security measures that are continuously
reviewed and updated, our information technology networks and infrastructure may still be vulnerable due to sophisticated attacks by hackers
or breaches. 

23 

Even the most well protected IT networks, systems, and facilities remain
potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in security breaches are continually evolving and generally are not recognized until
launched against a target and, in fact, may not be detected. Any such compromise of our or our third party s IT service providers 
data security and access, public disclosure, or loss of personal or confidential business information, could result in legal claims proceedings,
liability under laws to protect, privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties, disrupt our operations, require significant
management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result, damage our reputation and customers willingness to transact business
with us, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

We expect to generate a portion of our revenue internationally
and are subject to various risks relating to those international activities which could adversely affect our operating results. 

A portion of our revenue is expected to come from international sources.
Engaging in international business involves a number of difficulties and risks, including: 

required compliance with existing and changing foreign healthcare and other regulatory requirements and laws, such as those relating to patient privacy or handling of bio-hazardous waste; 

required compliance with anti-bribery laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and U.K. Bribery Act, data privacy requirements, labor laws and anti-competition regulations; 

export or import restrictions; 

various reimbursement and insurance regimes; 

laws and business practices favoring local companies; 

longer payment cycles and difficulties in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign legal systems; 

political and economic instability; 

potentially adverse tax consequences, tariffs, customs charges, bureaucratic requirements and other trade barriers; 

foreign exchange controls; 

difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations; 

difficulties protecting or procuring intellectual property rights; and 

pandemics and public health emergencies, such as the coronavirus (COVID-19), could result in disruptions to travel and distribution in geographic locations where our products are sold. 

As we expand internationally, our results of operations and cash flows
will become increasingly subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our expenses are generally denominated
in U.S. dollars. If the value of the U.S. dollar increases relative to foreign currencies in the future, in the absence of a corresponding
change in local currency prices, our future revenue could be adversely affected as we convert future revenue from local currencies to
U.S. dollars. 

If we dedicate resources to our international operations and are unable
to manage these risks effectively, our business, operating results and prospects will suffer. 

24 

Our employees, independent contractors, principal investigators,
consultants, commercial partners, distributors and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance
with regulatory standards and requirements. 

We are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by our employees,
independent contractors, principal investigators, consultants, commercial partners, distributors and vendors. Misconduct by these parties
could include intentional, reckless or negligent failures to: comply with the regulations of the FDA and other similar foreign regulatory
bodies; provide true, complete and accurate information to the FDA and other similar regulatory bodies; comply with manufacturing standards
we have established; comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations in the United States and similar foreign fraudulent misconduct
laws; or report financial information or data accurately, or disclose unauthorized activities to us. These laws may impact, among other
things, our activities with principal investigators and research subjects, as well as our sales, marketing and education programs. In
particular, the promotion, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations
intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws may restrict or prohibit a wide
range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements.
Such misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical studies, which could result in regulatory
sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. We currently have a code of conduct applicable to all of our employees, but it is
not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and our code of conduct and the other precautions we take to detect and
prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses, or in protecting us from governmental
investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are
instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant
impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgement,
individual imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual
damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect
our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. Any of these actions or investigations could result in substantial
costs to us, including legal fees, and divert the attention of management from operating our business. 

We have limited experience in marketing and selling our products,
and if we are unable to expand, manage and maintain our direct sales and marketing organizations, or otherwise commercialize our products,
our business may be adversely affected. 

Because we received CE-mark for our S1 Assay Panel in November of 2019
and began commercial sales activities in September 2020, we have limited experience marketing and selling our products. We began staffing
our sales and marketing organization in 2021 and currently have a staff of 3. Our financial condition and operating results will be highly
dependent upon the efforts of our sales and marketing organization. If we are unable to quickly build our sales and marketing team or
if our sales and marketing efforts fail to adequately promote, market and sell our products, our sales may not increase at levels that
are in line with our forecasts. 

Our future sales growth will depend in large part on our ability
to successfully build and expand the size and geographic scope of our sales and marketing team. Accordingly, our future success will depend
largely on our ability to hire, train, retain and motivate skilled sales and marketing personnel. Because the competition for individuals
with their skillset is high, there is no assurance we will be able to hire and retain personnel on commercially reasonable terms. If we
are unable to build and expand our sales and marketing capabilities, we may not be able to effectively commercialize our products and
our business and operating results may be adversely affected. Additionally, we will need to implement management information systems to
support the sales and marketing operations. There is no assurance that these systems will be implemented and effective. Lack of these
management information systems may negatively impact sales efforts. 

Outside of the United States, we will sell our products through distribution
partners and there is no guarantee that we will be successful in attracting or retaining desirable distribution partners for these markets
or that we will be able to enter into such arrangements on favorable terms. Distributors may not commit the necessary resources to market
and sell our products effectively or may choose to favor marketing the products of our competitors. If distributors do not perform adequately,
or if we are unable to enter into effective arrangements with distributors in particular geographic areas, we may not realize our sales
growth. 

Our ability to grow our business will be limited if we fail to
develop and maintain new and existing distribution channels. 

Our plan to grow our business depends on third parties and distributors
to sell our products. The sale of our products depends in large part on our ability to sell products to these customers and on the marketing
and distribution abilities of the companies with which we collaborate. 

25 

Reliance on distributors and third-parties to market and sell our products
could negatively impact our business for various reasons, including: (i) we may not be able to find suitable distributors for our products
on satisfactory terms, or at all; (ii) agreements with distributors may prematurely terminate or may result in litigation between the
parties; (iii) our distributors or other customers may not fulfill their contractual obligations and distribute our products in the manner
or at the levels we expect; (iv) our distributors may prioritize other products or their own private label products that compete with
our products; (v) Our existing distributor relationships or contracts may preclude or limit us from entering into arrangements with other
distributors; and (vi) we may not be able to negotiate new or renew existing distribution agreements on acceptable terms, or at all. 

We will try to maintain and expand our business with distributors and
third parties and make every effort to require that they fulfill their contractual obligations, but there can be no assurance that such
companies will do so or that new distribution channels will be available on satisfactory terms. If we are unable to do so, our business
will be negatively impacted. 

Potential customers may not adopt rapid Point-of-Care diagnostic
testing. 

Rapid point-of-care tests are beneficial because, among other things,
they can be administered by healthcare providers in their own facilities or used by healthcare facilities without sending samples to central
laboratories. But currently the majority of diagnostic tests used by healthcare providers in the U.S. are provided by clinical reference
laboratories and hospital-based laboratories. In some international markets, such as Europe, diagnostic testing is performed primarily
by centralized laboratories. Future sales of our products will depend, in part, on our ability to expand market acceptance of rapid point-of-care
testing and successfully compete against laboratory testing methods and products. However, we expect that clinical reference and other
hospital-based laboratories will continue to compete vigorously against our rapid point-of-care products. Even if we can demonstrate that
our products are more cost effective, save time, or have better performance or other benefits, healthcare providers may resist changing
to rapid point-of-care tests and instead may choose to obtain diagnostic results through laboratory tests. If we fail to achieve and expand
market acceptance of our rapid point-of-care diagnostic tests with customers, it would have a negative effect on our future sales growth. 

Even if we receive regulatory approval for any of our product
candidates, we may not be able to successfully commercialize the product and the revenue that we generate from their sales, if any, may
be limited. 

If approved for marketing, the commercial success of our product candidates
will depend upon each product s acceptance by the medical community, including physicians, patients and health care payors. The
degree of market acceptance for any of our product candidates will depend on a number of factors, including: 

demonstration of clinical safety and efficacy; 

relative convenience, dosing burden and ease of administration; 

the prevalence and severity of any adverse effects; 

the willingness of physicians to prescribe our product candidates, and the target patient population to try new therapies; 

efficacy of our product candidates compared to competing products; 

the introduction of any new products that may in the future become available targeting indications for which our product candidates may be approved; 

new procedures or therapies that may reduce the incidences of any of the indications in which our product candidates may show utility; 

pricing and cost-effectiveness; 

the inclusion or omission of our product candidates in applicable therapeutic and vaccine guidelines; 

the effectiveness of our own or any future collaborators sales and marketing strategies; 

limitations or warnings contained in approved labeling from regulatory authorities; 

our ability to obtain and maintain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement from government health care programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers and other third-party payors or to receive the necessary pricing approvals from government bodies regulating the pricing and usage of therapeutics; and 

the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third-party coverage or reimbursement or government pricing approvals. 

26 

If any of our product candidates are approved, but do not achieve an
adequate level of acceptance by physicians, health care payors, and patients, we may not generate sufficient revenues and we may not be
able to achieve or sustain profitability. Our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our product
candidates may require significant resources and may never be successful. 

In addition, even if we obtain regulatory approvals, the timing or
scope of any approvals may prohibit or reduce our ability to commercialize our product candidates successfully. For example, if the approval
process takes too long, we may miss market opportunities and give other companies the ability to develop competing products or establish
market dominance. Any regulatory approval we ultimately obtain may be limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments
that render our product candidates not commercially viable. For example, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates
for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical
trials, or may approve any of our product candidates with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for
the successful commercialization for that indication. Further, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may place conditions
on approvals or require risk management plans or a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS to assure the safe use
of the drug. If the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agency concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the BLA must submit a proposed
REMS; the regulatory agencies will not approve the BLA without an approved REMS, if required. A REMS could include medication guides,
physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk
minimization tools. The regulatory agencies may also require a REMS for an approved product when new safety information emerges. Any of
these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution, prescription or dispensing of our product
candidates. Moreover, product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory standards or if problems occur following the
initial marketing of the product. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial success of our product candidates. 

Adverse events involving our products may lead the FDA or applicable
foreign regulatory agency to delay or deny clearance for our products or result in product recalls that could harm our reputation, business
and financial results. 

Once a product receives regulatory clearance or approval, the agency
has the authority to require the recall of commercialized products in the event of adverse side effects, material deficiencies or defects
in design or manufacture. The authority to require a recall must be based on a regulatory finding that there is a reasonable probability
that the product would cause serious injury or death. Manufacturers may, under their own initiative, recall a product if any material
deficiency in a product is found. A government-mandated or voluntary recall by us or one of our distributors could occur as a result of
adverse side effects, impurities or other product contamination, manufacturing errors, design or labeling defects or other deficiencies
and issues. Recalls of any of our products would divert managerial and financial resources and have an adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. The regulatory agencies require that certain classifications of recalls be reported to them within
ten (10) working days after the recall is initiated. Companies are required to maintain certain records of recalls, even if they are not
reportable to the regulatory agency. We may initiate voluntary recalls involving our products in the future that we determine do not require
notification of the regulatory agencies. If the regulatory agency disagrees with our determinations, they could require us to report those
actions as recalls. A future recall announcement could harm our reputation with customers and negatively affect our sales. In addition,
the regulatory agency could take enforcement action for failing to report the recalls when they were conducted. 

The in-licensing of technologies and the successful testing and
early development of technologies in the laboratory may not be indicative of future results and may not result in commercially viable
technologies or products. Further, our future products may have to be modified from their originally conceived versions in order to reach
or be successful in the market. 

Positive results from laboratory testing and early developmental successes,
may not be predictive of future successful development, commercialization and sales results and should not be relied upon as evidence
that products developed from our technologies will become commercially viable and successful. Further, the products we plan to develop
in the future may have to be significantly modified from their originally conceived versions in order for us to control costs, compete
with similar products, receive market acceptance, meet specific development and commercialization timeframes, avoid potential infringement
of the proprietary rights of others, or otherwise succeed in developing our business and earning ongoing revenues. This can be a costly
and resource draining activity. What appear to be promising technologies when we license them may not lead to viable technologies or products,
or to commercial success. 

We utilize third-party, single-source suppliers for some components
and materials used in our products and product candidates, and the loss of any of these suppliers could have an adverse impact on our
business. 

We rely on single-source suppliers for some components and materials
used in our products and product candidates. Our ability to supply our products commercially and to develop any future products depends,
in part, on our ability to obtain these components in accordance with regulatory requirements and in sufficient quantities for clinical
testing and commercialization. While our suppliers have generally met our demand for their products on a timely basis in the past, these
were with limited production quantities and we cannot assure that they will in the future be able to meet our demand for their products,
either because we do not have long-term agreements with those suppliers, our relative importance as a customer to those suppliers, or
their ability to produce the components used in our products. For example, our supplier of printed electrodes has exited the printing
business. We purchased safety stock from the supplier prior to their discontinuing production and have begun qualification of a replacement
supplier. 

27 

While we believe replacement suppliers exist for all components and
materials we obtain from single sources, establishing additional or replacement suppliers for any of these components or materials, if
required, may not be accomplished quickly. Even if we are able to find a replacement supplier, the replacement supplier would need to
be qualified and may require additional regulatory authority approval, which could result in further delay. While we will seek to maintain
adequate inventory of the single-source components and materials used in our products in the event of disruption, those inventories may
not be sufficient. 

If our third-party suppliers fail to deliver the required commercial
quantities of materials on a timely basis and at commercially reasonable prices, and we are unable to find one or more replacement suppliers
capable of production at a substantially equivalent cost in substantially equivalent volumes and quality on a timely basis, the continued
commercialization of our products, the supply of our products to customers and the development of any future products would be delayed,
limited or prevented, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 

Manufacturing risks may adversely affect our ability to manufacture
products and could reduce our gross margins and negatively affect our operating results. 

Our business strategy depends on our ability to manufacture and assemble
our current and proposed products in sufficient quantities and on a timely basis to meet consumer demand, while adhering to product quality
standards, complying with regulatory requirements and managing manufacturing costs. We are subject to numerous risks relating to our manufacturing
capabilities, including: 

quality or reliability defects in product components that we source from third party suppliers; 

our inability to secure product components in a timely manner, in sufficient quantities or on commercially reasonable terms; 

our failure to increase production of products to meet demand; 

the challenge of implementing and maintaining acceptable quality systems while experiencing rapid growth; 

our inability to build production lines to enable us to efficiently produce products; and 

difficulty identifying and qualifying alternative suppliers for components in a timely manner. 

As demand for our products increases, we will need to invest additional
resources to purchase components, hire and train employees, and enhance our manufacturing processes and implement manufacturing and quality
systems. If we fail to increase our production capacity efficiently while also maintaining quality requirements, our sales may not increase
in line with our forecasts and our operating margins could fluctuate or decline. In addition, while we expect most new products will utilize
the eLab instrument system and existing consumable cartridge, manufacturing of future products may require the modification of our production
lines, the hiring of specialized employees, the identification of new suppliers for specific components, or the development of new manufacturing
technologies. It may not be possible for us to manufacture these products at a cost or in quantities sufficient to make these products
commercially viable. Any future interruptions we experience in the manufacturing or shipping of our products could delay our ability to
recognize revenues in a particular quarter and could also adversely affect our relationships with our customers. 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property 

The extent to which we can protect our business and technologies
through intellectual property rights that we own, acquire or license is uncertain. 

We employ a variety of proprietary and patented technologies and methods
in connection with the assays that we sell or are developing. We license some of these technologies from third parties. We cannot provide
any assurance that the intellectual property rights that we own or license provide effective protection from competitive threats or that
we would prevail in any litigation in which our intellectual property rights are challenged. In addition, we may not be successful in
obtaining new proprietary or patented technologies or methods in the future, whether through acquiring ownership or through licenses from
third parties. 

28 

Our currently pending or future patent applications may not result
in issued patents, and we cannot predict how long it may take for a patent to issue on any of our pending patent applications, assuming
a patent does issue. 

Other parties may challenge patents issued or exclusively licensed
to us, or courts or administrative agencies may hold our patents or the patents we license on an exclusive basis to be invalid or unenforceable.
We may not be successful in defending challenges made against our patents and other intellectual property rights. Any third-party challenge
to any of our patents could result in the unenforceability or invalidity of some or all of the claims of such patents and could be time
consuming and expensive. 

The extent to which the patent rights of life sciences companies
effectively protect their diagnostic tests and technologies is often highly uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions
for which important legal principles remain unresolved. 

No consistent policy regarding the proper scope of allowable claims
of patents held by life sciences companies has emerged to date in the United States. Various courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court,
have rendered decisions that impact the scope of patentability of certain inventions or discoveries relating to diagnostic tests or genomic
diagnostic testing. These decisions generally stand for the proposition that inventions that recite laws of nature are not themselves
patentable unless they have sufficient additional features that provide practical assurance that the processes are genuine inventive applications
of those laws rather than patent drafting efforts designed to monopolize a law of nature itself. What constitutes a sufficient 
additional feature for this purpose is uncertain. Although we do not generally rely on gene sequence patents, this evolving case law in
the United States may adversely impact our ability to obtain new patents and may facilitate third-party challenges to our existing owned
and exclusively licensed patents. 

We cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced
in patents we own or in those to which we have exclusive license rights. For example: 

the inventor(s) named in one or more of our patents or patent applications might not have been the first to have made the relevant invention; 

the inventor (or his assignee) might not have been the first to file a patent application for the claimed invention; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative diagnostic tests and technologies or may successfully replicate our product and technologies; 

it is possible that the patents we own or in which have exclusive license rights may not provide us with any competitive advantages or may be challenged by third parties and found to be invalid or unenforceable; 

any patents we obtain or exclusively license may expire before, or within a limited time period after, the assays and services relating to such patents are commercialized; 

we may not develop or acquire additional proprietary assays and technologies that are patentable; and 

others may acquire patents that could be asserted against us in a manner that could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations of patent
laws in the United States or other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property rights. 

On September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the
Leahy-Smith Act, was signed into law. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These include provisions
that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art, may affect patent litigation and switch the U.S. patent system
from a first-to-invent system to a first-to-file system. Under a first-to-file system, assuming the other
requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled to the patent on an
invention regardless of whether another inventor had made the invention earlier. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, recently
developed new regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent
law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act, including the first-to-file provisions in particular, only became effective on March 16, 2013.
Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. However, the Leahy-Smith
Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our owned and licensed patent applications
and the enforcement or defense of issued patents that we own or license, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business
and financial condition. 

29 

Patent applications in the United States and many foreign jurisdictions
are not published until at least eighteen months after filing and it is possible for a patent application filed in the United States to
be maintained in secrecy until a patent issues on the application. In addition, publications in the scientific literature often lag behind
actual discoveries. We therefore cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications that cover inventions that are the subject
of pending applications that we own or exclusively license or that we were the first to invent the technology (if filed prior to the Leahy-Smith
Act) or first to file (if filed after the Leahy-Smith Act). Our competitors may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications
covering technology that is similar to or the same as our technology. Any such patent application may have priority over patent applications
that we own and, if a patent issues on such patent application, we could be required to obtain a license to such patent in order to carry
on our business. If another party has filed a U.S. patent application covering an invention that is similar to, or the same as, an invention
that we own, we may have to participate in an interference or other proceeding in the USPTO or a court to determine priority of invention
in the United States, for applications and patents made prior to the enactment of the Leahy-Smith Act. For applications and patents made
following the enactment of the Leahy-Smith Act, we may have to participate in a derivation proceeding to resolve disputes relating to
inventorship. The costs of these proceedings could be substantial, and it is possible that such efforts would be unsuccessful, resulting
in our inability to obtain or retain any U.S. patent rights with respect to such invention. 

In addition, the laws of foreign jurisdictions may not protect our
rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. For example, European patent law restricts the patentability of methods of
treatment of the human body more than U.S. law does. Publications of discoveries in scientific literature often lag behind the actual
discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing,
or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or licensed
patents or pending patent applications, or that we or our licensors were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. Moreover,
the USPTO might require that the term of a patent issuing from a pending patent application be disclaimed and limited to the term of another
patent that is commonly owned or names a common inventor. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, term, enforceability and commercial
value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. 

The patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming,
is highly uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions. Recent patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties
and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. 

Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain
patent protection in the United States and other countries with respect to our proprietary technology and product candidates. We seek
to protect our proprietary position by filing in the United States and in certain foreign jurisdictions patent applications related to
our novel technologies and product candidates that are important to our business. 

The patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming, and
we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It
is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain
patent protection. In addition, we may not pursue or obtain patent protection in all major markets. Moreover, in some circumstances, we
may not have the right to control the preparation, filing or prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering
technology that we license from third parties. In some circumstances, our licensors may have the right to enforce the licensed patents
without our involvement or consent, or to decide not to enforce or to allow us to enforce the licensed patents. Therefore, these patents
and patent applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. If any of our
licensors fail to maintain such patents, or lose rights to those patents, the rights that we have licensed may be reduced or eliminated
and our right to develop and commercialize any of our product candidates that are the subject of such licensed rights could be adversely
affected. 

Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents
being issued which protect our technology or products, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive
technologies and products. In particular, during prosecution of any patent application, the issuance of any patents based on the application
may depend upon our ability to generate additional nonclinical or clinical data that support the patentability of our proposed claims.
We may not be able to generate sufficient additional data on a timely basis, or at all. Moreover, changes in either the patent laws or
interpretation of the patent laws in the United States or other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of
our patent protection. 

30 

Moreover, we may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission
of prior art to the USPTO, or become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant
review or interference proceedings or other patent office proceedings or litigation, in the United States or elsewhere, challenging our
patent rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission or proceeding could reduce the scope of,
or invalidate, our patent rights; allow third parties to commercialize our technology or products and compete directly with us, without
payment to us; or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. In addition,
if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our owned and licensed patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade
companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. 

Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends upon
compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and
our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 

The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require
compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent prosecution process and following
the issuance of a patent. There are situations in which noncompliance with these requirements can result in abandonment or lapse of a
patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, competitors
might be able to enter the market earlier than would otherwise have been the case if our patent were in force. 

Our intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to protect
our competitive position and to prevent others from manufacturing, using or selling competing assays. 

The scope of our owned and exclusively licensed intellectual property
rights may not be sufficient to prevent others from manufacturing, using or selling competing assays. Competitors could purchase our product
and attempt to replicate some or all of the competitive advantages we derive from our development efforts, willfully infringe our intellectual
property rights, design around our protected technology or develop their own competitive technologies and thereby avoid infringing our
intellectual property rights. If our intellectual property is not sufficient to effectively prevent our competitors from developing and
selling similar diagnostic tests, our competitive position and our business could be adversely affected. 

We may become involved in disputes relating to our intellectual
property rights, and may need to resort to litigation in order to defend and enforce our intellectual property rights. 

Extensive litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property
rights has been common in the medical diagnostic testing industry. Litigation may be necessary to assert infringement claims, protect
trade secrets or know-how and determine the enforceability, scope and validity of certain proprietary rights. Litigation may even be necessary
to resolve disputes of inventorship or ownership of proprietary rights. The defense and prosecution of intellectual property lawsuits,
USPTO interference or derivation proceedings and related legal and administrative proceedings e.g ., a re-examination) in the United
States and internationally involve complex legal and factual questions. As a result, such proceedings are costly and time consuming to
pursue, and their outcome is uncertain. 

Even if we prevail in such a proceeding in which we assert our intellectual
property rights against third parties, the remedy we obtain may not be commercially meaningful or adequately compensate us for any damages
we may have suffered. If we do not prevail in such a proceeding, our patents could potentially be declared to be invalid, unenforceable
or narrowed in scope, or we could otherwise lose valuable intellectual property rights. Similar proceedings involving the intellectual
property we exclusively license could also have an impact on our business. Further, if any of our other owned or exclusively licensed
patents are declared invalid, unenforceable or narrowed in scope, our competitive position could be adversely affected. 

We could face claims that our activities or the manufacture,
use or sale of our assays infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which could cause us to pay damages or licensing fees and
limit our ability to sell some or all of our assays and services. 

Our research, development and commercialization activities may infringe
or be claimed to infringe patents or other intellectual property rights owned by other parties of which we may be unaware because the
relevant patent applications may have been filed but not yet published. Certain of our competitors and other companies have substantial
patent portfolios and may attempt to use patent litigation as a means to obtain a competitive advantage or to extract licensing revenue.
In addition to patent infringement claims, we may also be subject to other claims relating to the violation of intellectual property rights,
such as claims that we have misappropriated trade secrets or infringed third party trademarks. The risks of being involved in such litigation
may also increase as we gain greater visibility as a public company and as we gain commercial acceptance of our diagnostic tests and move
into new markets and applications for our assays. 

31 

Regardless of merit or outcome, our involvement in any litigation,
interference or other administrative proceedings could cause us to incur substantial expense and could significantly divert the efforts
of our technical and management personnel. Any public announcements related to litigation or interference proceedings initiated or threatened
against us could cause our share price to decline. An adverse determination, or any actions we take or agreements we enter into in order
to resolve or avoid disputes, may subject us to the loss of our proprietary position or to significant liabilities, or require us to seek
licenses that may include substantial cost and ongoing royalties. Licenses may not be available from third parties or may not be obtainable
on satisfactory terms. An adverse determination or a failure to obtain necessary licenses may restrict or prevent us from manufacturing
and selling our diagnostic tests and offering our services. These outcomes could materially harm our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property
outside of the United States. 

The laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property
rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and
defending such rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do
not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to medical devices, diagnostic
testing and biotechnology, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents and for licensors, if they were
to seek to do so, to stop infringement of patents that are licensed to us. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions
could result in substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. Additionally, prosecuting and
maintaining intellectual property (particularly patent) rights are very costly endeavors, and for these and other reasons we may not pursue
or obtain patent protection in all major markets. We do not know whether legal and government fees will increase substantially and therefore
are unable to predict whether cost may factor into our global intellectual property strategy. 

In addition to the risks associated with patent rights, the laws in
some foreign jurisdictions may not provide protection for our trade secrets and other intellectual property. If our trade secrets or other
intellectual property are misappropriated in foreign jurisdictions, we may be without adequate remedies to address these issues. Additionally,
we also rely on confidentiality and assignment of invention agreements to protect our intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions.
These agreements may provide for contractual remedies in the event of misappropriation, but we do not know to what extent, if any, these
agreements, and any remedies for their breach, will be enforced by a foreign court. If our intellectual property is misappropriated or
infringed upon and an adequate remedy is not available, our future prospects will likely diminish. The sale of diagnostic tests that infringe
our intellectual property rights, particularly if such diagnostic tests are offered at a lower cost, could negatively impact our ability
to achieve commercial success and may materially and adversely harm our business. 

Our failure to secure trademark registrations could adversely
affect our business and our ability to market our assays and product candidates. 

Our trademark applications in the United States and any other jurisdictions
where we may file may not be allowed for registration, and our registered trademarks may not be maintained or enforced. During trademark
registration proceedings, we may receive rejections. Although we are given an opportunity to respond to those rejections, we may be unable
to overcome such rejections. In addition, in the USPTO and in corresponding foreign agencies, third parties are given an opportunity to
oppose pending trademark applications and to seek to cancel registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed
against our applications and/or registrations, and our applications and/or registrations may not survive such proceedings. Failure to
secure such trademark registrations in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions could adversely affect our business and our ability
to market our diagnostic tests and product candidates. 

We may be unable to adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets
and other proprietary information, or the misappropriation of the intellectual property we regard as our own. 

We rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary know how and technological
advances, particularly where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. Nevertheless, trade secrets are difficult
to protect. We rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, third party contractors, third party collaborators
and other advisors to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information. These agreements generally require that the other party
to the agreement keep confidential and not disclose to third parties all confidential information developed by us or made known to the
other party by us during the course of the other party s relationship with us. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure
of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information.
Monitoring unauthorized disclosure is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to prevent such disclosure are, or
will be, adequate. If we were to seek to pursue a claim that a third party had illegally obtained and was using our trade secrets, it
would be expensive and time consuming, and the outcome would be unpredictable. Further, courts outside the United States may be less willing
to protect trade secrets. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information and therefore be
free to use such trade secrets and proprietary information. Costly and time consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine
the scope of our proprietary rights. In addition, our trade secrets and proprietary information may be misappropriated as a result of
breaches of our electronic or physical security systems in which case we may have no legal recourse. Failure to obtain, or maintain, trade
secret protection could enable competitors to use our proprietary information to develop assays that compete with our assays or cause
additional, material adverse effects upon our competitive business position. 

32 

We may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully
used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 

As is common in our industry, we employ individuals who were previously
employed at other companies in our industry or in related industries, including our competitors or potential competitors. We may be subject
to claims that we or these employees have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information
of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against
these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 

Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we
are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain. 

Our commercial success depends upon our ability to develop, manufacture,
market and sell our product candidates without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. There is considerable intellectual
property litigation in the life sciences industry. We cannot guarantee that our product candidates will not infringe third-party patents
or other proprietary rights. We may become party to, or threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual
property rights with respect to our products and technology, including inter partes review, interference, or derivation
proceedings before the USPTO and similar bodies in other countries. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing
intellectual property rights and intellectual property rights that may be granted in the future. 

If we are found to infringe a third party s intellectual property
rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing and marketing our products. However, we
may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it
could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. We could be forced, including by
court order, to cease commercializing the infringing technology or product. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages,
including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. A finding of infringement could
prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations, which could materially harm
our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar
negative impact on our business. 

Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance
with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our own
patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for noncompliance with these requirements. 

Periodic maintenance fees and annuities on any issued patent are due
to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO and various foreign governmental
patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent
application process. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with
the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application,
resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment
or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time
limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. In such an event, our competitors might be able
to enter our markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Intellectual property litigation could cause us to spend substantial
resources and distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. 

Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings
relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our technical and management personnel
from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim
proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have an adverse effect
on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available
for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources
to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings
more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation
of patent litigation or other proceedings could compromise our ability to compete in the marketplace. 

We may spend considerable resources developing and maintaining
patents, licensing agreements and other intellectual property that may later be abandoned or may otherwise never result in products brought
to market. 

Not all technologies and candidate products that initially show potential
as the basis for future products ultimately meet the rigors of our development process and as a result may be abandoned and/or never otherwise
result in products brought to market. In some cases, prior to abandonment we may be required to incur significant costs developing
and maintaining intellectual property and/or maintaining license agreements and our business could be harmed by such costs. 

33 

We rely on information technology, and if we are unable to protect
against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, our operations could be disrupted, and
our business could be negatively affected. 

We rely on information technology networks and systems to process,
transmit and store electronic and financial information; to coordinate our business; and to communicate within our Company and with customers,
suppliers, partners and other third parties. These information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns,
hardware or software failures, power outages, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, telecommunication failures, user errors or catastrophic
events. If our information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown, and our business continuity plans do not effectively
resolve the issues in a timely manner, our operations could be disrupted, and our business could be negatively affected. In addition,
cyber-attacks could lead to potential unauthorized access and disclosure of confidential information, and data loss and corruption. There
is no assurance that we will not experience these service interruptions or cyber-attacks in the future. 

Risks Related to the Company and our Business 

We have a limited operating history and may face difficulties
encountered by companies early in their commercialization in competitive and rapidly evolving markets. 

We received CE-Mark for our eLab instrument and S1 Assay panel in November
of 2019 and began commercializing these products in the fourth quarter of 2020. We have also developed products for COVID-19 with the
intent to file for FDA EUA. The application for our COVID-19 antibody test was not reviewed by the FDA due to the volume of EUA requests
the Agency has received for similar tests. The EUA application for our COVID-19 antigen test was reviewed by the FDA and additional clinical
and analytical information was requested. The Company conducted additional work and refiled the EUA in November 2021. The FDA has requested
additional information primarily from clinical testing sites prior to initiating their formal review. Given changes in COVID-19 testing
volumes and pricing, we are not pursuing further development of the COVID-19 products. 

Accordingly, we have a relatively limited operating history upon which
to evaluate our business and forecast our future sales and operating results. In assessing our business prospects, you should consider
the various risks and difficulties frequently encountered by companies early in their commercialization in competitive and rapidly evolving
markets, particularly companies that develop and sell medical devices. These risks include our ability to: 

implement and execute our business strategy; 

establish a sales and marketing infrastructure to grow sales of our products and product candidates; 

implement computer based systems for the management of orders, production, inventory, invoicing, and receivable collections; 

increase awareness of our brand; 

manage expanding operations 

expand our manufacturing capabilities, including increasing production of current products efficiently while maintaining quality standards and adapting our manufacturing facilities to the production of new product candidates; 

respond effectively to competitive pressures and developments; 

enhance our existing product and develop new products; 

obtain and maintain regulatory clearance or approval to commercialize product candidates and enhance our existing products; 

effectively perform clinical trials with respect to our proposed products; 

attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel in various areas of our business: and 

implement and maintain systems and processes that are compliant with applicable regulatory standards. 

We may not have the institutional knowledge or experience to be able
to effectively address these and other risks that may face our business. In addition, we may not be able to develop insights into trends
that could emerge and negatively affect our business and may fail to respond effectively to those trends. As a result of these or other
risks, we may not be able to execute key components of our business strategy, and our business, financial condition and operating results
may suffer. 

34 

Sales cycles for our products may be lengthy, which can cause
variability and unpredictability in our business. 

Some of our products may require lengthy and unpredictable sales
cycles, which makes it more difficult to accurately forecast revenues and may cause revenues and operating results to vary from period
to period. Our products may involve sales to large public and private institutions which may require many levels of approval and may be
dependent on economic or political conditions and the availability of funding from government or public health agencies which can vary
from period to period. There can be no assurance that purchases or funding from these agencies will occur or continue. As a result, we
may expend considerable resources on unsuccessful sales efforts or we may not be able to complete transactions at all or on a schedule
and in an amount consistent with our objectives. 

We have limited commercial scale capabilities. If we are unable
to successfully implement commercial capabilities and manage our growth, our business will be harmed. 

We have been a development stage company and we will need to establish
and significantly expand our operations and capabilities. We expect this expansion to occur rapidly and continue to an even greater degree
in the future as we continue to commercialize our products, build a sales and marketing organization, and seek marketing clearance from
the FDA and international regulatory bodies for our future product candidates. Our growth will place a significant strain on our management,
operating and financial systems and our sales, marketing, manufacturing, engineering, product development, and administrative resources.
As a result of our growth, operating costs may escalate even faster than planned, and some of our internal systems and processes, including
those relating to manufacturing our products, will need to be established and may need to be enhanced, updated or replaced. Additionally,
our anticipated growth will increase demands placed on our suppliers, resulting in an increased need for us to manage our suppliers and
monitor for quality assurance. If we cannot effectively manage our expanding operations, manufacturing capacity and costs, including scaling
to meet increased demand and properly managing suppliers, we may not be able to grow or we may grow at a slower pace than expected and
our business could be adversely affected. 

We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering,
developing or commercializing products before or more successfully than we do. 

The development and commercialization of medical devices is highly
competitive. We compete with a variety of multinational pharmaceutical companies and specialized biotechnology companies, as well as products
and processes being developed at universities and other research institutions. Our competitors have developed, are developing or will
develop product candidates and processes competitive with our product candidates. Competitive therapeutic treatments include those that
have already been approved and accepted by the medical community and any new treatments that may enter the market. We believe that a significant
number of products are currently available, under development, and may become commercially available in the future, for the treatment
of indications for which we may try to develop product candidates. 

More established companies may have a competitive advantage over us
due to their greater size, cash flows and institutional experience. Compared to us, many of our competitors may have significantly greater
financial, technical and human resources. As a result of these factors, our competitors may have an advantage in marketing their approved
products and may obtain regulatory approval of their product candidates before we are able to, which may limit our ability to develop
or commercialize our product candidates. Our competitors may also develop drugs that are safer, more effective, more widely used and less
expensive than ours, and may also be more successful than us in manufacturing and marketing their products. 

Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries
may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies
may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These
companies compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, management and commercial personnel, establishing clinical
trial sites and subject registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our
programs. 

Our technologies and products under development, and our business,
may fail if we are not able to successfully commercialize them and ultimately generate significant revenues as a result. 

Successful development of technologies and our product candidates will
require significant additional investment, including costs associated with additional development, completing trials and obtaining regulatory
approval, as well as the ability to manufacture or have others manufacture our products in sufficient quantities at acceptable costs while
also preserving product quality. Difficulties often encountered in scaling up production include problems involving production yields,
quality control and assurance, shortage of qualified personnel, production costs and process controls. In addition, we are subject to
inherent risks associated with new technologies and products. These risks include the possibility that any of our technologies or future
products may: 

be found unsafe; 

be ineffective or less effective than anticipated; 

fail to receive necessary regulatory approvals; 

35 

be difficult to competitively price relative to alternative solutions; 

be harmful to consumers or the environment; 

be difficult to manufacture on an economically viable scale; 

be subject to supply chain constraints for raw materials; 

fail to be developed and accepted by the market prior to the successful marketing of alternative products by competitors; 

be difficult to market because of infringement on the proprietary rights of third parties; or 

be too expensive for commercial use. 

Furthermore, we may be faced with lengthy market partner or distributor
evaluation and approval processes. Consequently, we may incur substantial expenses and devote significant management effort in order to
customize products for market partner or distributor acceptance, though there can be no assurance of such acceptance. As a result, we
cannot accurately predict the volume or timing of any future sales. 

Customers may not adopt our products quickly, or at all. 

Customers in the sector in which we operate can be generally cautious
in their adoption of new products and technologies. In addition, given the relative novelty of our future planned products, customers
of those products may require education regarding their utility and use, which may delay their adoption. There can be no assurance that
customers will adopt our products quickly, or at all. 

The significant level of competition in the markets for
our products developed in the future may result in pricing pressure, reduced margins or the inability of our future products to achieve
market acceptance. 

The markets for our future products are intensely competitive and rapidly
changing. We may be unable to compete successfully, which may result in price reductions, reduced margins and the inability to achieve
market acceptance for our products. 

Our competitors may have longer operating histories, significantly
greater resources, greater brand recognition and large customer bases than we do. As a result, they may be able to devote greater resources
to the manufacture, promotion or sale of their products, receive greater resources and support from market partners and independent distributors,
initiate or withstand substantial price competition or more readily take advantage of acquisition or other opportunities. 

We may rely on third parties for the production of our future
products. If these parties do not produce our products at a satisfactory quality, in a timely manner, in sufficient quantities or at an
acceptable cost, our sales and development efforts could be delayed or otherwise negatively affected. 

We may rely on third parties for the manufacture of our future products.
Our reliance on third parties to manufacture our future products may present significant risks to us, including the following: 

reduced control over delivery schedules, yields and product reliability; 

price increases; 

manufacturing deviations from internal and regulatory specifications; 

the failure of a key manufacturer to perform as we require for technical, market or other reasons; 

difficulties in establishing additional manufacturer relationships if we are presented with the need to transfer our manufacturing process technologies to them; 

misappropriation of our intellectual property; and 

other risks in potentially meeting our product development schedule or satisfying the requirements of our market partners, distributors, direct customers and end users. 

If we need to enter into agreements for the manufacturing of our future
products, there can be no assurance we will be able to do so on favorable terms, if at all. 

36 

If we are unable to establish successful relations with third-party
market partners or distributors, or these market partners or distributors do not focus adequate resources on selling our products or are
otherwise unsuccessful in selling them, sales of our products may not develop. 

We anticipate relying on independent market partners and distributors
to distribute and assist us with the marketing and sale of our products. Our future revenue generation and growth will depend in large
part on our success in establishing and maintaining this sales and distribution channel. If our market partners and distributors are unable
to sell our products, or receive negative feedback from end users, they may not continue to purchase or market our products. In addition,
there can be no assurance that our market partners and distributors will focus adequate resources on selling our products to end users
or will be successful in selling them. Many of our potential market partners and distributors are in the business of distributing and
sometimes manufacturing other, possibly competing, products. As a result, these market partners and distributors may perceive our
products as a threat to various product lines currently being distributed or manufactured by them. In addition, these market partners
and distributors may earn higher margins by selling competing products or combinations of competing products. If we are unable to establish
successful relationships with independent market partners and distributors, we will need to further develop our own sales and distribution
capabilities, which would be expensive and time-consuming and might not be successful. 

The use of our products may be limited by regulations, and we
may be exposed to product liability and remediation claims. 

The use of our planned products may be regulated by various local,
state, federal and foreign regulators. Even if we are able to comply with all such regulations and obtain all necessary registrations,
we cannot provide assurance that our future products will not cause injury to the environment, people, or animals and/or otherwise have
unintended adverse consequences, under all circumstances. For example, our products may be improperly combined with other chemicals or,
even when properly combined, our products may be blamed for damage caused by those other chemicals. The costs of remediation or products
liability could materially adversely affect our results, financial condition and operations. 

We may be held liable for, or incur costs
to settle, liability and remediation claims if any products we develop, or any products that use or incorporate any of our technologies,
cause injury or are found unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing, sale or use. These risks exist even with respect
to products that have received, or may in the future receive, regulatory approval, registration or clearance for commercial use. We cannot
guarantee that we will be able to avoid product liability exposure. 

At the stage customary to do so, we expect to maintain product liability
insurance at levels we believe are sufficient and consistent with industry standards for like companies and products. However, we cannot
guarantee that our product liability insurance will be sufficient to help us avoid product liability-related losses. In the future, it
is possible that meaningful insurance coverage may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In addition, a product
liability claim could result in liability to us greater than our assets or insurance coverage. Moreover, even if we have adequate insurance
coverage, product liability claims or recalls could result in negative publicity or force us to devote significant time and attention
to these matters, which could harm our business. 

There may be limitations on the effectiveness of our internal
controls, and a failure of our control systems to prevent error or fraud may materially harm our Company. 

We do not expect that internal control over financial accounting and
disclosure, even if timely and well established, will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design
of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Failure of our control systems to prevent error or fraud could
materially adversely affect our business. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

There has been a limited public market for our common stock,
and we do not know whether one will develop to provide you adequate liquidity. Furthermore, the trading price for our common stock, should
an active trading market develop, may be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in per-share price. 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB under the trading symbol NNMX 
historically, however, there has been a limited public market for our common stock and we cannot assure you that an active trading market
for our common stock will develop or be sustained. The liquidity of any market for the shares of our common stock will depend on a number
of factors, including: 

the number of stockholders; 

37 

our operating performance and financial condition; 

the market for similar securities; 

the extent of coverage of us by securities or industry analysts; and 

the interest of securities dealers in making a market in the shares of our common stock. 

Even if an active trading market develops, the market price for our
common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. In addition, the price of shares of our common stock could
decline significantly if our future operating results fail to meet or exceed the expectations of market analysts and investors and actual
or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results could negatively affect our share price. 

The volatility of the price of our common stock may also be impacted
by the risks discussed under this Risk Factors section, in addition to other factors, including: 

developments in the financial markets and worldwide or regional economies; 

announcements of innovations or new products or services by us or our competitors; 

announcements by the government relating to regulations that govern our industry; 

significant sales of our common stock or other securities in the open market; 

variations in interest rates; 

changes in the market valuations of other comparable companies; and 

changes in accounting principles. 

Our outstanding warrants and preferred stock may affect the market
price and liquidity of the common stock. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately
15,738,147 shares of common stock warrants for the purchase of up to approximately an additional 15,738,147 shares of common stock outstanding.
There are 500 shares of series D preferred outstanding that are convertible into approximately 243,000 shares of common stock. In February
2022, 963,964 shares of our series B preferred stock outstanding, were converted into approximately 5.6 million shares of common stock,
as well as 1,000,000 shares of our series C preferred stock which were converted into approximately 35.6 million shares of common stock.
As of December 31, 2022, the remaining 377 shares of Preferred stock C are still outstanding. The amount of common stock reserved for
issuance may have an adverse impact on our ability to raise capital and may affect the price and liquidity of our common stock in the
public market. In addition, the issuance of these shares of common stock will have a dilutive effect on current stockholders 
ownership. 

The conversion of outstanding convertible notes into shares of
common stock could materially dilute our current stockholders. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately
 13.4 million aggregate principal amount of convertible notes outstanding, convertible into shares of our common stock at a fixed price
of 1.1717 per share. The conversion prices of these notes may be less than the market price of our common stock at the time of conversion,
and which may be subject to future adjustment due to certain events, including our issuance of common stock or common stock equivalents
at an effective price per share lower than the conversion rate then in effect. If the entire principal amount of all the outstanding convertible
notes is converted into shares of common stock, we would be required to issue an aggregate of no less than approximately 11.5 million
shares of common stock. If we issue all of these shares, the ownership of our current stockholders will be diluted. 

Because our common stock may be deemed a low-priced penny 
stock, an investment in our common stock should be considered high-risk and subject to marketability restrictions. 

Historically, the trading price of our common stock has been 5.00
per share or lower, and deemed a penny stock, as defined in Rule 3a51-1 under the Exchange Act, and subject to the penny stock rules of
the Exchange Act specified in rules 15g-1 through 15g-100. Those rules require broker dealers, before effecting transactions in
any penny stock, to: 

deliver to the customer, and obtain a written receipt for, a disclosure document; 

disclose certain price information about the stock; 

38 

disclose the amount of compensation received by the broker-dealer or any associated person of the broker-dealer; 

send monthly statements to customers with market and price information about the penny stock; and 

in some circumstances, approve the purchaser s account under certain standards and deliver written statements to the customer with information specified in the rules. 

Consequently, the penny stock rules may restrict the ability or willingness
of broker-dealers to sell the common stock and may affect the ability of holders to sell their common stock in the secondary market and
the price at which such holders can sell any such securities. These additional procedures could also limit our ability to raise additional
capital in the future. 

Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our common stock, which could depress the price
of our common stock. 

In addition to the penny stock rules described above,
FINRA has adopted rules that require a broker-dealer to have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that
customer before recommending an investment to a customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that
speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. Thus, the FINRA requirements make it more difficult
for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our shares of
common stock, have an adverse effect on the market for our shares of common stock, and thereby depress our price per share of common stock. 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or
reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our stock, our stock price and trading volume
could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock may be influenced by the research
and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. We do not currently have, and may never obtain, research
coverage by securities and industry analysts. If no or few securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us, the trading price
for our common stock may be negatively affected. In the event that we receive securities or industry analyst coverage, if any of the analysts
who cover us issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding us, our business model, our intellectual property or our stock performance,
or if our operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts
cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could
cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and Delaware
law make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us and make a takeover more difficult to complete, even if such a transaction
were in stockholders interest. 

Our certificate of incorporation and the Delaware General Corporation
Law contain certain provisions that may have the effect of making it more difficult or delaying attempts by others to obtain control of
our Company, even when these attempts may be in the best interests of our stockholders. We also are subject to the anti-takeover provisions
of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits us from engaging in a business combination with an interested
stockholder unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner and prohibits the voting of shares held by persons
acquiring certain numbers of shares without obtaining requisite approval. The statutes and our certificate of incorporation have the effect
of making it more difficult to effect a change in control of our Company. 

We do not currently or for the foreseeable future intend to pay
dividends on our common stock. 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock.
We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate
declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. As a result, any return on your investment in our common stock will
be limited to the appreciation in the price of our common stock, if any. 

39 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We do not own real properties. Our principal executive
offices recently relocated to 2121 Williams Street, San Leandro, CA, 94577. We lease our office pursuant to a 5-year lease which terminates
on March 31, 2027. We believe that our existing facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our current needs. However, we may need to
add or expand as we increase production levels or add employees. We believe that suitable additional or substitute space will be available
as needed to accommodate any such expansion of our operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The Company is subject to claims and legal proceedings
that arise in the ordinary course of business. Such matters are inherently uncertain, and there can be no guarantee that the outcome of
any such matter will be decided favorably to the Company or that the resolution of any such matter will not have a material adverse effect
upon the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company does not believe that any of such pending claims and legal proceedings
will have a material adverse effect on its Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company records liability in its Consolidated Financial
Statements for these matters when a loss is known or considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The Company reviews
these estimates each accounting period as additional information is known and adjusts the loss provision when appropriate. If a matter
is both probable to result in a liability and the amounts of loss can be reasonably estimated, the Company estimates and discloses the
possible loss or range of loss to the extent necessary for its Consolidated Financial Statements not to be misleading. If the loss is
not probable or cannot be reasonably estimated, a liability is not recorded in its Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Set forth below is a description of the Company s
Legal Proceedings. 

In March 2019, we were served with notification
of complaint filed by CureDM Inc. as agent for the members of CureDM Group Holdings, LLC filed with the Supreme Court of the State of
New York County of New York regarding breach of contract and other matters relating to their desire to unwind the acquisition of CureDM
Group Holdings LLC according to the original Contribution Agreement. The complaint was withdrawn by CureDM, Inc. in December 2019. 

In addition to the above matter, we are also in
a dispute with Level Brands, Inc. regarding a License Agreement dated June 21, 2018 (JAMS Ref. No.: 1220061261). The Company filed an
Answer to Complaint and Counter-complaint on June 25, 2019. Both parties are claiming non-performance under the License Agreement. The
matter was scheduled for arbitration in October 2019. In October 2019, the arbitration was dismissed without prejudice. 

On October 16, 2019 the Company received a Summons
and Complaint filed by Microcap Headlines Inc. against the Company in the Supreme Court of the United States of New York County of Suffolk
claiming damages of 18,000 and the costs and disbursements of the action. During January 2021, the Company settled this claim with Microcap
Headlines, Inc. for 10,000. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

40 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. [COMPANY TO UPDATE] 

Market Information 

Our common stock is quoted to trade in the over-the-counter
securities market through the OTCQB under the symbol NNMX . We have been eligible to participate in on the over-the-counter
markets since February 28, 2012. Any over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down
or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Holders 

As of March 31, 2023 there were 1,962 holders
of record of our common stock. This number does not include street name, or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of
record by banks, brokers, financial institutions and other nominees. The transfer agent for the Company s Common Stock is Worldwide
Stock Transfer, LLC, One University Plaza, Suite 505, Hackensack, NJ 07601 and their telephone number is (201)
820-2008 . 

Dividends 

We have not declared any dividends since incorporation
and do not anticipate that we will do so in the foreseeable future. Our intention is to retain future earnings for use in our operations
and the expansion of our business. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use
of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

We did not sell any of our equity securities during
the year ended December 31, 2022 that were not registered under the Securities Act and were not previously reported on a Current Report
on Form 8-K filed by us. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliate Purchasers 

None. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table includes the information as of the end of 2022
for our equity compensation plans: 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options (a) 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 5,570,850 
 0.382 
 2,232,377 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Total (2) 
 5,570,850 
 0.382 
 2,232,377 

(1) 
 Consists of our stock options assumed in the merger from the Nanomix, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Plan (the 2010 Plan and our 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). See Note 12 - Stock-Based Compensation of the Notes to the Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2) 
 
 Does not include 3,415,891 stock options at an average exercise price of 0.229 approved and unissued subject to shareholder approval of amendments to the 2021 Plan. 

41 

ITEM 6. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

You should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and plan of operations together with Selected Financial Data and our financial statements
and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains
forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed
below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed
in the section titled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this prospectus. All amounts in this report are in U.S. dollars,
unless otherwise noted. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report, including exhibits that are being
filed as part of this report, as well as other statements made by Nanomix Corporation (the Company , we , us ,
and our ), contain forward-looking statements that include information relating to future events, future financial
performance, strategies, expectations, competitive environment and regulation. Words such as may, should, 
 could, would, predicts, potential, continue, expects, 
 anticipates, future, intends, plans, believes, estimates, 
and similar expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements. 

These forward-looking statements include such
things as: investment objectives and the Company s ability to make investments in a timely manner on acceptable terms; references
to future success of the Company s products; the Company s business strategy; estimated future capital expenditures; sales
of the Company s products; competitive strengths and goals; and other similar matters. 

These forward-looking statements reflect the
Company s current beliefs and expectations with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and are subject to risks and
uncertainties and other factors outside the Company s control that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected.
Such factors include, but are not limited to, the following: ability to develop, commercialize and market new products; ability to market
and sell products, whether through an internal, direct sales force or third parties; ability to manufacture products in accordance with
applicable specifications, performance standards and quality requirements; ability to obtain, and timing and cost of obtaining, necessary
regulatory approvals for new products or new indications or applications for existing products; ability to comply with applicable regulatory
requirements; ability to effectively resolve warning letters, audit observations and other findings or comments from the FDA or other
regulatory entities; changes in relationships, including disputes or disagreements, with strategic partners or other parties and reliance
on strategic partners for the performance of critical activities under collaborative arrangements; competing products and technology changes;
reduction or deferral of public funding available to customers; competition from new or better technology or lower cost products; market
acceptance of our products; changes in market acceptance of products based on product performance or other factors, including changes
in testing guidelines, algorithms or other recommendations by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other agencies; ability
to fund research and development and other products and operations; ability to obtain and maintain new or existing product distribution
channels; reliance on sole supply sources for critical products and components; ability to reach and maintain sustained profitability;
uncertainty relating to patent protection and potential patent infringement claims; uncertainty and costs of litigation relating to patents
and other intellectual property; availability of licenses to patents or other technology; obstacles to international marketing and manufacturing
of products; ability to sell products internationally, including the impact of changes in international funding sources and testing algorithms;
adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates; loss or impairment of sources of capital; ability to attract and retain qualified
personnel; exposure to product liability and other types of litigation; changes in international, federal or state laws and regulations;
customer consolidations and inventory practices; equipment failures and ability to obtain needed raw materials and components; the impact
of terrorist attacks and civil unrest; changes in laws or regulations; global and regional economic conditions; and general political,
business and market conditions. 

Although the Company believes the expectations
reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, these are only assumptions, and forward-looking statements
should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and will probably not be accurate indications of when such performance
or results will be achieved. Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements may not be reliable and speak only as of the date
they are made and that, except as required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to
reflect any future events or circumstances. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or to
individuals acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this section. 

42 

Investors should also be aware that while we
do, from time to time, communicate with securities analysts, it is against our policy to disclose any material non-public information
or other confidential commercial information to securities analysts unless and until we have made it publicly available. Accordingly,
stockholders should not assume that we agree with any statement or report issued by any analyst irrespective of the content of the statement
or report. Furthermore, we have a policy against issuing or confirming financial forecasts or projections issued by others. Thus, to the
extent that reports issued by securities analysts contain any projections, forecasts or opinions, such reports are not the responsibility
of the Company. 

Overview 

This discussion and analysis should be read in
conjunction with the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes. The discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of any
contingent liabilities at the financial statement date and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. On an
ongoing basis, we review our estimates and assumptions. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and other assumptions that
we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results are likely to differ from those estimates under different assumptions
or conditions, but we do not believe such differences will materially affect our financial position or results of operations. Our critical
accounting policies, the policies we believe are most important to the presentation of our financial statements and require the most difficult,
subjective and complex judgments, are outlined below in Critical Accounting Policies, . 

This management s discussion and analysis
of financial condition and results of operations MD A is intended to help you understand the business operations and
financial condition of the Company as of December 31, 2022. 

Our MD A is presented in six sections: 

Executive Overview 

Consolidated Results of Operations 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Recent Developments 

Significant Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Executive Overview 

On June 6, 2021, Nanomix, Inc., or Nanomix, and
Boston Therapeutics completed a reverse merger, or the Merger, resulting in the formation of Nanomix Corporation (the Company ).
As consideration for the Merger, the shareholders of Nanomix received 1,000,000 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of the
Company (the Preferred Stock ). On March 2, 2022 upon approval of a previously approved 173:1 reverse stock split, all such
shares of Preferred Stock issued to Nanomix shareholders automatically converted into approximately 35,644,997 shares of common stock
of the Company, the warrants assumed at closing may be exercisable into approximately 2,124,687 shares of common stock of the Company
and the options assumed at closing may be exercisable into approximately 5,718,838 shares of common stock of the Company. The shares of
common stock issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock together with warrants, restricted stock units and options assumed on the closing
date represent approximately 80 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company upon closing of the Merger. After the merger,
the Company changed its name to Nanomix Corporation and its ticker symbol to NNMX. 

Our Business 

Nanomix, Inc, is a development stage company that
seeks to develop, manufacture, and commercialize point-of-care diagnostic tests that are used to detect or monitor diseases. The Company s
product development efforts are focused on our proprietary technology, a novel point-of-care diagnostic platform that offers certain customer
advantages as compared to other point-of-care diagnostic technologies. Nanomix, Inc. was originally formed in 2001 as a nanotechnology
sensor company. In 2009, ownership changed, and the business was redirected to development and commercialization of a mobile point-of-care
diagnostic platform. 

43 

Business Strategy 

The healthcare market is rapidly evolving to incorporate
a decentralized system of care delivery within a broad spectrum of environments: the emergency department, skilled nursing facilities,
elderly homes, urgent care centers, ambulances, and remote locations. While hospital central laboratories currently are the gold standard
of clinical testing, a mobile diagnostic platform offering high-quality testing results at affordable prices is needed to serve the decentralized
testing requirements. The Nanomix eLab System is specifically designed to meet this evolving market need. The system includes a durable,
handheld, rechargeable battery powered instrument and a disposable multiplex, microfluidic test cartridge. Proprietary biosensors deliver
laboratory-quality performance wherever the patient or healthcare provider needs it, including a wide range of testing environments outside
the hospital. The Nanomix eLab System is well suited for markets that include pre-hospital assessment, chronic medical care, and post-hospital
disease management, as well as use in remote locations far from traditional centers of health care delivery. Whether in an Emergency Department,
an Urgent Care facility, a skilled nursing facility or on an ambulance, the Nanomix eLab System is designed to help mobile health providers
to quickly assess a patient s condition and intervene with a higher level of care when necessary. 

Our initial product development focus is on testing
for critical medical conditions where rapidly available information is needed to help inform clinical decision making. The Nanomix S1
Assay Panel is designed to provide information about critical infections, including sepsis, in less than 15 minutes. The S1 Assay Panel
has received CE marking. Future product development efforts for other critical conditions are planned for development. 

Results of Operations 

Results of operations for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The results of operations for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

NANOMIX CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 
 15,450 
 141,778 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Research and development 
 3,159,239 
 3,017,263 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 5,293,379 
 2,849,666 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 8,452,618 
 5,866,929 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (8,437,168 
 (5,725,151 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 
 3 
 2 
 
 Interest expense 
 (3,716,544 
 (1,644,829 
 
 Interest expense, related, party 
 (391,757 
 (572,347 
 
 Other income 
 212,490 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 - 
 15,282 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 - 
 438,972 
 
 Forgiveness of PPP loan and accrued interest 
 - 
 408,242 
 
 Loss on debt modification 
 - 
 (2,385,204 
 
 Total income (expense) 
 (3,895,808 
 (3,739,882 

Loss before income taxes 
 (12,332,976 
 (9,465,033 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 (12,332,976 
 (9,465,033 

44 

Total Revenues 

Total net revenues during twelve months ended
December 31, 2022 were 15 thousand, a decrease of 126 thousand compared to year 2021. Revenues in 2022 were from product sales while
revenues in 2021 were related to completion of a BARDA product development contract. 

Research and Development 

This category includes costs incurred for product
and process development, and clinical regulatory affairs. Costs for year ended December 31, 2022 of 3.2 million were largely related
to further development of the Company s S-1 Assay Panel for critical infections and for regulatory filing and related activities
for an assay for the detection of COVID-19. Costs of 3.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 were related to the development
of the S1 Assay Panel and development work on the COVID-19 program. All development efforts were for development of the eLab platform. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expense 

Selling, general and administrative expense SG A for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 2.4 million from the same period in 2021. The increase was due to establishment of
a sales and marketing function in 2021 and increased general and administrative costs in 2022 mainly from legal and accounting costs related
to the merger and subsequent regulatory filings, insurance, and warrant expense recorded in year of 2022. 

Other Income (Expense) 

Other Expense in 2022 was 3,896 thousand, an
increase in expense of 156 thousand compared to 2021. Other expense in 2022 was primarily composed of amortization of the previously
recorded debt discount for the year ended December 31, 2022. Other expense in 2021 is primarily composed of loss on debt modification
of 2,385 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021 resulting from the exchange of a Nanomix secured Note and related accrued interest
for a Senior Secured Convertible Note as part of the merger. These Notes and accrued interest were converted to Preferred Series C stock
in 2021 as part of the merger. Other income of 212,490 in 2022 is from sale of the domain rights for nano.com to a third party for 250,000
net of escrow fees. 

Net Loss 

The Net Loss for the year ended December 31, 2022
was 12.3 million versus 9.5 million for the same period in 2021. The increased loss of 2.8 million was largely due to the increase
in operating expenses and the decrease in revenue. 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

Overview 

Our liquidity requirements are primarily to fund
our business operations, including capital expenditures and working capital requirements. Our primary sources of liquidity are additional
capital investment and debt. 

On June 25, 2021, the Company entered into a securities
purchase agreement with accredited investors pursuant to which the Company issued senior secured convertible notes in an aggregate principal
amount of approximately 8.4 million for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 7.9 million. Immediately prior to the execution
of the agreement described above, we entered into exchange agreements with the holders of outstanding promissory notes with an aggregate
principal amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, of approximately 2.1 million. The holders of the outstanding promissory
notes were issued senior secured notes in the financing described above for an aggregate principal amount of 2.1 million. In connection
with the issuance of the Notes, we issued to the Investors warrants to purchase an aggregate of approximately 4.1 million shares of Common
Stock (collectively, the Warrants ). The Company received approximately 5.8 million in funding from the transaction. In
2022, an additional 5,122 thousand of Notes were issued to investors bringing the total senior secured convertible notes issued to 13.4
million. We issued additional warrants to purchase an aggregate of approximately 6,1 million shares of common stock. 

In March of 2022, the Company entered into a Convertible
Preferred stock arrangement and issued 500 shares of Preferred D stock for 500 thousand. The Preferred D investment agreement was to
provide an additional 2.5 million in funding over the next 6 months. The Company is in discussions to potentially terminate or amend
the agreement. 

In the 4 th quarter of 2022, the Company
issued common stock to a distribution partner in return for a 500,000 investment. 

45 

Cash Flows 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash
and equivalents of 17 thousand compared to 297 thousand as of December 31, 2021 and outstanding debt of 14.6 million compared to 9.6
million in the same quarter of 2021. 

Cash used in operating activities during the year
ended December 31, 2022 was 6.1 million. The net loss of 12.3 million for the year 2022 was increased by amortization of the discount
from the issue of promissory notes of 4.0 million, services compensated by stock issuance of 1.0 million, change in accounts payable
of 0.5 million and stock-based compensation 0.5 million, which were the significant non-cash expense items. 

Cash provided by investing activities during the
year ended December 31, 2022 of 186 thousand was primarily from domain sale proceeds. 

Cash provided by financing activities during year
2022 of 5.6 million was primarily related to proceeds from the sale of convertible debt issuances for the amount 4.6 million, 500 thousand
of common stock sales, and 500 thousand proceeds from issuance of Preferred D stock used to fund company operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

The Company does not have any off-balance sheet
arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Recent Developments 

In June 2021, the Company completed a merger with
Boston Therapeutics, a publicly held entity. The Company is the majority shareholder of the resulting entity. As part of the merger agreement,
substantially all of the Company s debt has been converted to equity in the merged entity. In addition, and in conjunction with
the merger, the Company entered into a Convertible Equity arrangement and as of December 31, 2022 has issued 13.426 million in secured
Notes and a received a related cash investment of 10.4 million. 

Significant Accounting
Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates 

Significant accounting policies are described
in Note 3 Significant Accounting Policies to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein. Certain of our accounting
policies require the application of significant judgment by management in selecting the appropriate assumptions for calculating financial
estimates. By their nature, these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. These judgments are based on our historical
experience, terms of existing contracts, our evaluation of trends in the industry, information provided by our customers and information
available from other outside sources, as appropriate. We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: 

It requires us to make assumptions about matters that were
uncertain at the time we were making the estimate, and 

Changes in the estimate or different estimates that we could
have selected would have had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 

The following listing is not intended to be a
comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically
dictated by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, with no need for management s judgment in
their application. There are also areas in which management s judgment in selecting any viable alternative would not produce a materially
different result. There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting estimates during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Revenue Recognition 

For certain contracts, we recognize revenue from
R D, milestone and grant revenues when earned. Grants are invoiced after expenses are incurred, as that is the depiction of the timing
of the transfer of services. Performance obligations generally follow the major phases of product development processes: design feasibility
 planning, product development design optimization, design verification, design validation process validation, and pivotal
studies. Further details regarding revenue recognition are document at Note 3(b) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Revenue
Recognition to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

We recognize the fair value of equity-based awards
as compensation expense in our statement of operations. The fair value of our stock option awards was estimated using a Black-Scholes
option valuation model. This valuation model s computations incorporate highly subjective assumptions, such as the expected stock
price volatility and the estimated life of each award. The fair value of the options, after considering the effect of expected forfeitures,
is then amortized, generally on a straight-line basis, over the related vesting period of the option. 

46 

Research Development
Costs 

Research and development activities consist primarily
of new product development, continuing engineering for existing products, and regulatory and clinical trial costs. Costs related to research
and development efforts on existing or potential products are expensed as incurred. 

Income Taxes 

Income taxes are accounted for under ASC 740 authoritative
guidance Guidance ), which requires the asset and liability method of accounting for deferred income taxes. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities.
Deferred tax assets or liabilities at the end of each period are determined using the tax rate expected to be in effect when taxes are
actually paid or recovered. 

The Guidance also requires that a valuation allowance
be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. A review of all available
positive and negative evidence needs to be considered, including a company s current and past performance, the market environment
in which the company operates, length of carryback and carryforward periods and existing contracts that will result in future profits.
The Company believes that it is more likely than not that it will not be able to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards and maintains
a full valuation allowance. The Company maintains a full valuation allowance on research and development tax credits. 

The Guidance also prescribes a comprehensive model
for recognizing, measuring, presenting and disclosing in the consolidated financial statements tax positions taken or expected to be taken
on a tax return, including a decision whether to file or not to file in a particular jurisdiction. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

This information appears following Item 15 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered in this report, our disclosure
controls and procedures were ineffective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods specified in the Commission s
rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error or fraud.
A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the
benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. During the fourth
quarter ended December 31, 2022, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based
on our evaluation and due to identified control deficiencies regarding the lack of segregation of duties and the need for a stronger internal
control environment, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were ineffective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

47 

To address the material weaknesses, we performed
additional analysis and other post-closing procedures in an effort to ensure our financial statements included in this annual report have
been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements
included in this report fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the
periods presented. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making
this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control
over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

As disclosed in our previous filings, there are
material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting due to the fact that the Company does not have an
adequate process established to ensure appropriate levels of review of accounting and financial reporting matters, which resulted in our
closing process not identifying all required adjustments and disclosures in a timely fashion. The Company s CEO/CFO has identified
control deficiencies regarding the lack of segregation of duties and the need for a stronger internal control environment. The small size
of the Company s accounting staff may prevent adequate controls in the future, such as segregation of duties, due to the cost/benefit
of such remediation. 

Although the Company has hired a financial controller
to assist with SEC reporting and accounting matters, we expect that the Company will need to hire additional accounting personnel with
the requisite knowledge to improve the levels of review of accounting and financial reporting matters. The Company may experience delays
in doing so and any such additional employees would require time and training to learn the Company s business and operating processes
and procedures. For the near-term future, until such personnel are in place, this will continue to constitute a material weakness in the
Company s internal control over financial reporting that could result in material misstatements in the Company s financial
statements not being prevented or detected. 

The Company s management, including the
Company s CEO/CFO, does not expect that the Company s internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and
all fraud. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Because of the above material weakness, management
has concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

No Attestation Report by Independent Registered Accountant 

The effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has not been audited by our independent registered public accounting firm by virtue of our
exemption from such requirement as a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not Applicable. 

48 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Executive Officers and Directors 

The following table sets forth the name, age and
position of each of our executive officers, key employees and directors as of March 6, 2023. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position(s) with the Company 
 
 Thomas Schlumpberger 
 57 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Chris Hetterly 
 55 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Vidur Sahney 
 49 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 John Hardesky 
 52 
 Chief Commercial Officer 
 
 Garrett Gruener 
 68 
 Director 
 
 Jerry Fiddler 
 70 
 Director 
 
 Gregory Schiffman 
 65 
 Director 
 
 David Ludvigson 
 72 
 Director 
 
 Tadd Lazarus, M.D. 
 66 
 Director 

Thomas Schlumpberger has served
as chief executive officer and director of the Company since July 2022. Dr. Schlumpberger previously served as the Chief Executive Officer
of Pictor Limited, a diagnostic company, from August 2020 to January 2022. He also previously served as Executive Vice President at Anixa
Biosciences, a pharmaceutical and diagnostic biotech company from November 2019 to July 2020, and as Vice President Business Development
at Inivata, a liquid biopsy company, from August 2018 to August 2019. Dr. Schlumpberger received his Ph.D. in Molecular and Cell Biology
from the University of California, Berkeley and his Masters in Electrical Engineering and Information Technology from Technical University
Munich. 

Chris Hetterly has served as chief
financial officer of the Company since January 2023. Mr. Hetterly previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of Octagos Health LLC,
a healthcare Software-as-a-Service Saas company, from August 2021 to April 2022. He also previously served as the Interim
Chief Financial Officer of Weekdays, Inc., a Childcare-as-a-Platform company, from April 2020 until September 2021, and as the Head of
Technology Banking for East West Bank, a regional banking company, from July 2017 until December of 2019. Mr. Hetterly received his BA
from the Honors Program at Brown University. 

Vidur Sahney has served as Chief
Operating Officer of the Company since March 2022. From May 2019 through March 2022, Mr. Sahney served as chief operating officer of ExThera
Medical, a medical device company. From November 2019 through May 2021, Mr. Sahney was a senior partner at MKA Insights, a consulting
company focused on the life science industry. From September 2018 through May 2019, Mr. Sahney was the Operations Lead (Medical Devices),
Global Operations and Supply Chain for JUUL Labs, an electronic cigarette manufacturer. From February 2017 through August 2018, Mr. Sahney
was the Vice President, Global Operations Supply Chain for Sientra, Inc (NASDAQ: SIEN), a medical aesthetics company. Mr. Sahney
received his B.S, Mechanical Engineering from San Francisco State University. 

John Hardesky 
has served as Chief Commercial Officer of the Company since March 2021. From July 2020 to March 2021, Mr. Hardesky was head of commercial
activities for LIQUIDsmarts, a consulting organization. From 2016 to 2020, he served as VP, Laboratory Solutions for McKesson, from 2014
to 2106 he was Vice President of Marketing for LABSCO (acquired by McKesson), and from 2005 to 2014, he was Chief Operating Officer of
Vital Diagnostics, Inc, a manufacturer of laboratory diagnostic testing devices. Mr. Hardesky receive a B.S. degree from Lenoir-Rhyne
University. 

Garrett
Gruener is a co-founder of Alta Partners, and was also a Partner at Burr, Egan, Deleage Co. He served as the Chief
Executive Officer at Nanomix from 2008 to 2013 and has more than two decades of experience in the fields of software development, systems
engineering and corporate development. In 1982, he founded Virtual Microsystems, a successful communications software company that was
later merged with a larger corporation. Mr. Gruener then founded Ask Jeeves, now Ask.Com, a leading Internet search engine which
is now part of IAC. Mr. Gruener is now Chairman of Nanomix, a point-of-care diagnostics company. He earned a Masters Degree from the University
of California, Berkeley and a Bachelor of Science from the University of California, San Diego, both in Political Science with a focus
on technology policy. 

Gregory Schiffman has served
as the Chief Financial Officer of privately-held AbSci, LLC since April 2020. He previously served as the Chief Financial Officer
of Vineti, Inc. from October 2017 through April 2018. He also previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of each of Iovance Biotherapeutics
(formerly Lion Biotechnologies), from October 2016 through June 2017, Stem Cells, Inc., from January 2014 through September 2016, Dendreon
Corporation, from December 2006 through December 2013 and Affymetrix from August 2001 through December 2006. He currently serves on the
boards of directors of BioEclipse, a private company, as well as on the board of Ayro, Inc. (Nasdaq: AYRO). Mr. Schiffman holds a B.S.
in Accounting from DePaul University and an MM (MBA) from Northwestern University Kellogg Graduate School of Management. Mr. Schiffman s
qualifications to sit on the Board include his financial background, business experience and education. 

49 

Jerry Fiddler is the principal
of Zygote Ventures and has helped create and grow numerous companies, as CEO, chairman, director, investor and advisor. Mr. Fiddler is
the founder of Wind River Systems and was for 23 years its CEO and Chairman and was Chairman of Solazyme (Nasdaq: SZYM). Mr. Fiddler
graduated from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign with a MS Computer Science and BA in Music and Photography. He currently
serves on several private company and non-profit boards. 

David Ludvigson served as chief
executive officer from June 2021 to July 2022, chief financial officer from June 2021 until January 2023 and director since June 2021.
From June 2013 to June 2021, he served as CEO of Nanomix, Inc. From October 2009 through present day, Mr. Ludvigson has served as President
of Knight Ludvigson Advisors p roviding advisory and business consulting services to Life Science
and Technology companies including M A, financing, business strategy, go to market planning and sales channel strategy and implementation.
Mr. Ludvigson serves on the board of directors of Imagion Biosystems, Inc. (OTC: IBXXF), One BioMed PTE LTD (privately held), and China
Stem Cells Ltd. (privately held). Mr. Ludvigson received his BS and MAS in Accounting from Gies College of Business University
of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. Mr. Ludvigson is not related to any Officers or Directors of the Company. There are no related
party transactions reportable under Item 5.02 of Form 8-K and Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Tadd Lazarus 
has served as a director since August 2022. Dr. Lazarus has led multiple organizations as Chief Medical Officer encompassing biochemistry,
medical diagnostics, and patient services arenas. From 2019 to present, he is the Chief Medical Officer of Inivata Inc. and since June
of 2022 he also serves as Chief Medical Officer of Achieve Health Management. From 2017 to 2019 he was Chief Medical Officer of Clinical
Genomics. He served as Chief Medical Officer and Head of Medical Scientific Affairs, Reimbursement, and Public Policy at Qiagen
from 2013 through 2016. In 2010, Lazarus was at Gen-Probe Inc., (now Hologic), as Chief Medical Officer and VP of Clinical Affairs. Dr.
Lazarus began his career and served for more than 20 years at Roche Diagnostics, where he held positions including Director of Medical
and Scientific Affairs and North American Medical Director for the molecular diagnostics, POC, diabetes, clinical chemistry, and immunology
lines of business. Dr. Lazarus received a Bachelor of Science in Biology Physiology from Marlboro College and earned his Medical
Degree from Ross University School of Medicine. 

Family Relationships 

No family relationships exist between any of our
current or former directors or executive officers. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

There are no material proceedings to which any
director or executive officer or any associate of any such director or officer is a party adverse to our company or has a material interest
adverse to our company. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, requires our directors and executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of the issued and outstanding shares
of our common stock to file reports of initial ownership of common stock and other equity securities and subsequent changes in that ownership
with the SEC. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of
all Section 16(a) forms they file. To our knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and written
representations no other reports were required, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 all
Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than10 beneficial owners were complied with . 

Code of Ethics 

We have not adopted a code of ethics because our
Board of Directors believes that our small size does not merit the expense of preparing, adopting and administering a code of ethics.
Our Board of Directors intends to adopt a code of ethics during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 

50 

Corporate Governance 

Our Directors are elected annually and each holds
office until the annual meeting of our stockholders and until their respective successors are elected and qualified. Our officers, including
any officers we may elect moving forward, will hold their positions at the pleasure of the Board of Directors, absent any employment agreement.
In the event we employ any additional officers or directors, they may receive compensation as determined by our Board of Directors from
time to time. Vacancies in the Board of Directors will be filled by majority vote of the remaining directors. Our Directors may be reimbursed
by us for expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Board of Directors. 

Board of Directors Independence 

We are not currently subject to any law, rule
or regulation requiring that all or any portion of our Board of Directors include independent directors. 

Board Committees, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

The Company has two Board Committees, an Audit
Committee and a Compensation Committee. The Audit Committee is composed of Greg Schiffman (Committee Chair) and Jerry Fiddler. The Compensation
Committee is composed of Garret Gruener and Tadd Lazarus. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have any defined policy or procedure
requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors. We do not currently have any specific or minimum
criteria for the election of nominees to our board of directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such
nominees. Our Board of Directors assesses all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and makes recommendations for
election or appointment. 

A shareholder who wishes to communicate with our
Board of Directors may do so by directing a written request to the address appearing on the first page of this annual report. 

Your letter should indicate that you are a stockholder of our Company.
 Depending on the subject matter, management will: 

Forward the communication to the Director or Directors to whom it is addressed; 

Attempt to handle the inquiry directly; or 

Not forward the communication if it is primarily commercial in nature or if it relates to an improper or irrelevant topic. 

At each Board of Directors meeting or through
the course of other communication, a member of management presents a summary of all communications received since the last meeting that
were not forwarded and makes those communications available to the Directors on request. 

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial
Expert 

Our Board of Directors has determined that prior
to the closing of the Merger, we did not have a board member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined
in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Subsequent to the merger upon installation of a new board of directors, Greg Schiffman qualifies
as an audit committee financial expert . 

EXECUTIVE AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation 

Set forth below is certain information regarding
the historical compensation of our named executive officers during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The named
executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the principal executive officer and our two most highly
compensated executive officers other than our principal executive officer of Nanomix who were serving as executive officers as of December 31,
2022 and 2021 (our named executive officers ). 

51 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table shows information regarding the compensation of
the named executive officers during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and Principal 
 Position 
 Year 
 Bonus 
 Salary 
 Stock Awards (3) 
 Option Awards(4) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Thomas Schlumpberger 
 2022 
 
 154,583 
 
 2,894 

157,477 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (1) 

David Ludvigson, 
 2022 
 
 300,000 
 
 6,351 

306,351 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer, former Chief Financial Officer Director (2) 
 2021 
 
 237,500 
 7,051 
 7,651 

252,202 

Vidur Sahney 
 2022 
 
 259,754 
 
 55,757 

315,511 
 
 Chief Operating Officer (5) 

John Hardesky 
 2022 
 
 250,000 
 
 16,471 

266,471 
 
 Chief Commercial Officer (6) 
 2021 
 500 
 197,917 
 
 13,132 

211,549 

(1) 
 Mr. Schlumpberger was appointed as chief executive officer on July 22, 2022. Mr. Schlumpberger receives an annual salary of 350,000 plus a target 30 of salary based on a combination of company performance and personal objectives. 

(2) 
 Mr. Ludvigson joined Nanomix effective June, 2013. Mr. Ludvigson was appointed our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors in connection with the Merger. In 2020, Mr. Ludvigson received convertible notes in the amount of 150,000 in lieu of a portion of his cash compensation. These notes and accrued interest were converted to Preferred Series C stock as part of the merger. Mr. Ludvigson resigned as chief executive officer on July 22, 2022 and as chief financial officer on January 19, 2023. 

(3) 
 Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of the stock awards granted during the relevant fiscal year computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in the valuation of these awards are consistent with the valuation methodologies specified in Note 12 to Nanomix s financial statements included in this prospectus. 

(4) 
 Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of the option awards granted during the relevant fiscal year computed in accordance with FASB Topic ASC 718. 

(5) 
 Mr.. Sahney joined Nanomix in March 2022. Mr. Sahney receives an annual salary of 325,000 plus a target bonus of 30 of salary based on a combination of company performance and personal goals. 

(6) 
 Mr. Hardesky joined Nanomix in March of 2021. Mr. Hardesky receives an annual salary of 250,000 plus a target 30 of salary based on a combination of company performance and personal objectives. 

52 

Employment Agreements 

Effective
March 30, 2022, the Company entered into an offer letter with Mr. Sahney. The offer letter has no specific term and constitutes
at-will employment. Mr. Sahney s annual base salary will be 325,000, and he is entitled to a discretionary bonus equal to
up to 30 of his then current salary based on agreed objectives. In connection with his employment, the Company also agreed to grant Mr.
Sahney options to purchase 500,000 shares of common stock and restricted stock units for 150,000 shares of common stock, subject to formal
approval of the board of directors. The options shall vest as follows: 25 upon the first anniversary of the date of hire and 1/48 monthly
vesting thereafter for remainder of the vesting term. The RSUs shall vest as follows: 1/3 of each of the six anniversary, one year anniversary
and two year anniversary of the hiring date. Mr. Sahney will participate in the compensation and benefit programs generally available
to the Company s executive officers. In addition, upon a change of control of the Company (which will be defined at a later date),
any unvested options or RSUs shall vest in full and the Company shall pay him severance equal to twelve (12) months of his then-current
base salary plus any pro-rated bonus for termination without cause. 

On July 21, 2022, the Company entered into an
offer letter with Mr. Schlumpberger. The offer letter has no specific term and constitutes
at-will employment. Mr. Schlumpberger s annual base salary will be 350,000, and he is entitled to a discretionary bonus equal
to up to 30 of his then current salary based on agreed objectives. The first-year bonus will be paid based on achieving a capital raise
of 25 million or more within one year or a change of control transaction. In connection with his employment, the Company also agreed
to grant Mr. Schlumpberger options to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock (the Options and restricted stock units
for 200,000 shares of common stock (the RSUs and together with the Options, the Equity Awards ), subject to
formal approval of the board of directors. The Options shall vest as follows: 12.5 upon the six month anniversary of the date of hire
and 1/48 monthly vesting thereafter for remainder of the vesting term. The RSUs shall vest as follows: 1/3 of each of the six month anniversary,
one year anniversary and two year anniversary of the hiring date. Mr. Schlumpberger will participate in the compensation and benefit
programs generally available to the Company s executive officers. In addition, upon a change of control of the Company (which will
be defined at a later date), any unvested Equity Awards shall vest in full . 

On November 15, 2022, the Company entered into
an offer letter with Mr. Hetterly. The offer letter has no specific term and constitutes at-will
employment. Mr. Hetterly s annual base salary will be 270,000, and he is entitled to a discretionary bonus equal to up to
30 of his then current salary based on agreed objectives. In connection with his employment, the Company also agreed to grant Mr. Hetterly
options to purchase 500,000 shares of common stock (the Options ), subject to formal approval of the board of directors.
The Options shall vest as follows: 12.5 upon the six month anniversary of the date of hire and 1/48 monthly vesting thereafter for remainder
of the vesting term. Mr. Hetterly will participate in the compensation and benefit programs generally available to the Company s
executive officers. In addition, upon a change of control of the Company (which will be defined at a later date), any unvested Equity
Awards shall vest in full . 

Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31,
2022 

The following table sets forth specified information
concerning outstanding equity incentive plan awards for each of the named executive officers outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 Grant Date 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Non- Exercisable (#) 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 David Ludvigson, former Chief Executive Officer, former Chief Financial Officer Director 
 11/30/2012 
 42,195 (Exercised) 
 
 0.059 
 11/30/2022 

3/31/2014 
 565,534 
 
 0.232 
 3/31/2024 

10/4/2016 
 87,196 
 
 0.232 
 10/4/2026 

5/31/2017 
 86,112 
 
 0.232 
 5/31/2027 

2/11/2020 
 96,876 
 32,292 
 0.294 
 2/11/2030 

2/01/2021 
 974,246 
 88,568 
 0.229 
 2/01/2031 
 
 Thomas Schlumpberger, Chief Executive Officer Director 
 7/20/2022 
 887,671 
 112,329 
 0.535 
 7/20/2032 
 
 Vidur Sahney, Chief Operating Officer 
 7/23/2022 
 400,000 
 100,000 
 0.609 
 7/23/2032 
 
 John Hardesky, Chief Commercial Officer 
 5/19/2021 
 193,752 
 64,584 
 0.290 
 5/19/2031 

53 

Compensation of Directors 

The following table shows
the total compensation paid or accrued during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 to each of Nanomix s current and former non-employee directors.
Directors who are employed by us are not compensated for their service on our Board of Directors. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Option Awards )(1) 
 Total( 
 
 Garrett Gruener (2) 
 35,630 
 
 35,630 
 
 Jerry Fiddler 
 
 8,287 
 8,287 
 
 Greg Schiffman 
 
 8,287 
 8,287 

(1) 
 These amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value of options granted to each director in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 

(2) 
 Garrett Gruener receives a payment of 2,969 per month to serve as our Executive Chairman. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023 by (i) each person (or group of affiliated persons) who is known
by us to own more than five percent (5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock, (ii) each director and executive officer, and
(iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. As of March 31, 2023, there were 48,996,763 shares of our common stock issued
and outstanding. 

Except as otherwise indicated, the persons listed
below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock owned by them, except to the extent that power
may be shared with a spouse. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with SEC rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. For purposes of this table, a person or group
of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock that such person currently owns or has the
right to acquire within 60 days of March 31, 2023. With respect to options and warrants, this would include options and warrants
that are currently exercisable within 60 days. With respect to convertible securities, this would include securities that are currently
convertible within 60 days. 

Except as indicated in footnotes to this table,
we believe that the stockholders named in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock
shown to be beneficially owned by them, based on information provided to us by such stockholders. Unless otherwise indicated, the address
for each director and executive officer listed is: c/o Nanomix Corp., 2121 Williams St, San Leandro, CA 94577. 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock and preferred stock as of March 7, 2023, after the Transaction was consummated on such
date by (i) each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, (ii) each director and
each of our Named Executive Officers and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. 

The number of shares of common stock beneficially
owned by each person is determined under the rules of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership
for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which such person has sole or shared voting power
or investment power and also any shares which the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days after the date hereof, through the
exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. Unless otherwise indicated, each person has sole investment and voting power (or
shares such power with his or her spouse) with respect to the shares set forth in the following table. The inclusion herein of any shares
deemed beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership of those shares. 

54 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Class Outstanding (1) 
 Shares of Series C Preferred Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Class Outstanding (1) 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners: 

Hudson Bay Capital Management LP (6) 
 5,380,518 
 9.99 

Security Ownership of Management and Directors: 

Thomas Schlumpberger (7) 
 229,167 

David Ludvigson (2) 
 1,662,884 
 3.60 
 11,899 
 1.2 
 
 Garrett Gruener (3) 
 28,162,182 
 60.95 
 704,447 
 70.44 
 
 Jerry Fidler (4) 
 2,746,874 
 5.95 
 67,509 
 6.8 
 
 Greg Schiffman (5) 
 135,541 
 
 1,013 

Vidur Sahney (8) 
 145,833 

Tadd Lazarus (9) 
 134,795 

Executive officers and directors as a group 7 persons 
 33,217,276 
 70.5 
 784,868 
 78.44 

(1) The
number and percentage of shares beneficially owned are determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other
purpose. Under such rule, beneficial ownership includes any shares over which the individual or entity has voting power or investment
power and any shares of common stock that the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days of December 31, 2021, through the exercise
of any stock option or other right. As of March 7, 2023, 48,996,763 shares of the Company s common stock were outstanding. 

(2) Includes
38,019 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants assumed by the Company as a result of the Merger, 845,621 common
stock subject to options and 354,271 shares of common stock subject to Restricted Stock Units RSU ). 

(3) Includes
(i) 994,911 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the senior secured promissory notes issued in the June 2021 and February
2022 private placements, (ii) 994,911 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants issued in the June 2021 and February
2022 private placements and (iii) 1,012,022 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants assumed by the Company as a
result of the Merger. Mr. Gruener has agreed to restrict the aggregate maximum number and percentage of shares (and therefore,
offer for resale at any one time) as he has agreed to voluntarily restrict his ability to convert his notes and/or exercise his warrants
and receive shares of our common stock such that the number of shares of common stock held by him and his affiliates in the aggregate
after such conversion or exercise does not exceed 9.99 of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock. 

(4) Includes
(i) 53,972 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the senior secured promissory notes issued in the June 2021 and February
2022 private placements, (ii) 53,972 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants issued in the June 2021 and February
2022 private placements, (iii) 51,667 shares of common stock subject to options, (iv) 2,411,175 shares of common stock held by Zygote
Ventures and (iv) 176,087 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants assumed by the Company as a result of the Merger. Mr.
Fiddler has voting and dispositive shares held by Zygote Ventures. 

(5) Includes
(i) 41,679 shares of common stock subject to RSUs, (i) 36,167 shares of common stock issued upon conversion of Series C Preferred Stock
and (iii)57,695 shares of common stock subject to options. 

(6) Based
on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023, Hudson Bay Capital Management LP (the Investment Manager beneficially owns 5,380,518 shares of our common stock, including shared voting power over 5,380,518 shares; Sandy Gerber has shared
dispositive power over 5,380,518 shares. Represents the aggregate maximum number and percentage of shares that Investment Manager
can own at one time (and therefore, offer for resale at any one time) as it has agreed to voluntarily restrict its ability to convert
its note and/or exercise its warrant and receive shares of our common stock such that the number of shares of common stock held by them
and their affiliates in the aggregate after such conversion or exercise does not exceed 9.99 of the then issued and outstanding shares
of common stock. The Investment Manager serves as the investment manager to Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. wholly
owns HT Investments MA LLC, in whose name the Securities are held. As such, the Investment Manager may be deemed to be the beneficial
owner of all shares of Common Stock, subject to the 9.99 Blocker, if any, underlying the Securities held by HT Investments MA LLC. Mr.
Gerber serves as the managing member of Hudson Bay Capital GP LLC, which is the general partner of the Investment Manager. Mr.
Gerber disclaims beneficial ownership of these securities.. The address for the Investment Manager is c/o 28 Havemeyer Place, 2nd Floor,
Greenwich, Connecticut 06830. 

(7) Shares of common stock subject to options vested and vesting
within 60 days of March 31, 2023. 

(8) Shares of common stock subject to options vested and vesting
within 60 days of March 31, 2023. 

(9) Shares of common stock subject to options vested and vesting
within 60 days of March 31, 2023. 

55 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Except as otherwise set forth herein, during the
last two fiscal years, we have not entered into any material transactions or series of transactions that would be considered material
in which any officer, director or beneficial owner of 5 or more of any class of our capital stock, or any immediate family member of
any of the preceding persons, had a direct or indirect material interest. There are no transactions presently proposed, except as follows: 

The
Company had senior secured convertible note to Mr. Gruener, its investor, with a total balance of 3,953,773 as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

The Company had accounts payable and accrued salary payable to Mr. Ludvigson, its Chief Executive Officer, with a total balance of 87,701 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Company had accrued salary, bonus and vacation payable to Ms. Upham, Boston Therapeutics, Inc. ex Chief Operating Officer, with a total balance of 226,824 as of December 31,2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Company had accounts payable to Mr. Neill, Boston Therapeutics, Inc. ex Director, with a total balance of 73,750 as of December 31,2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Company had accrued payable to Dr. Platt, Boston Therapeutics, Inc. significant shareholder, with a total balance of 4,399 as of December 31,2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Mr. Garrett Gruener is paid a salary of 35,630 per year plus benefits in the role of Executive Chairman. 

Director Independence 

Our securities are currently not listed on a national
securities exchange or on any inter-dealer quotation system, which has a requirement that a majority of directors be independent. We evaluate
independence by the standards for director independence set forth in the rules and regulations of the SEC and the rules of the Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). Under such rules, our board of directors has determined two of our directors, Mr. Fiddler and
Mr. Schiffman, are independent directors in accordance with Nasdaq rules. In making such independence determination, our board of directors
considered the relationships that each non-employee director has with us and all other facts and circumstances that our board of directors
deemed relevant in determining their independence. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The following table represents aggregate fees
billed to us for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 by M K CPAS PLLC, our independent registered
public accounting firm for such periods. 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees(1) 
 72,500.00 
 81,150.00 
 
 Audit-Related Fees(2) 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total Fees 
 72,500.00 
 81,150.00 

(1) 
 Audit fees consist of fees billed for services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, including review of the interim financial statements. 

(2) 
 Audit-related fees consist of fees for assurance and related services that are traditionally performed by our independent registered public accounting firm and include fees reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and not reported under the caption Audit Fees and includes review of our registration statements for our public offerings of securities, and related services that are not normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee has yet to be formed. As a
result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of
our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis,
the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors,
including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which
are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

56 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 The following documents are included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

1. 
 Financial Statements See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules Not Applicable. 

3. 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit No 
 
 Title of Document 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 2, 2021, by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc.., BTHE Acquisition Inc. and Nanomix, Inc. filed with the SEC on February 2, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-192344) filed with the SEC on November 14, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-164785) filed with the SEC on February 8, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Merger (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation Series B Preferred Stock (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 10, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation Series C Preferred Stock (filed as exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 15, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, dated September 2, 2021 (filed as exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 10, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, dated January 11, 2022 (filed as exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designations of the Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series D Preferred Stock (filed as exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 24, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and CJY Holdings Limited (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of 10 Convertible Promissory Note issued to CJY Holdings Limited (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Letter Amendment by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and CJY Holdings Limited (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Letter Amendment by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and CJY Holdings Limited (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 10, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Letter Amendment by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and CJY Holdings Limited (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 

4.7 
 
 Letter Amendment by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and CJY Holdings Limited (filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 22, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.8 
 
 Letter Amendment by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and CJY Holdings Limited (filed as Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 12, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.9 
 
 Letter Amendment by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and CJY Holdings Limited (filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.10 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and Investors (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 15, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.11 
 
 Form of 6 Senior Convertible Debenture Due 2018 issued to Investors (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 15, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 

57 

4.12 
 
 Form of Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Investors (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 15, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.13 
 
 Letter Amendment by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and CJY Holdings Limited (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 15, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.14 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and CJY Holdings Limited (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 26, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.15 
 
 Form of 6 Subordinated Convertible Debenture Due (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 26, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.16 
 
 Form of Stock Purchase Warrants (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 26, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.17 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and Investors (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 14, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.18 
 
 Form of Certificate of Designation (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 14, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.19 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrants (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 14, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.20 
 
 Form of 10 promissory note issued to World Technology East II Limited (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the Company s current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 12, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.21 
 
 Form of 10 Promissory Note issued by Nanomix Inc. to Boston Therapeutics, Inc. (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 12, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.22 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 25, 2021, by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and the buyers signatory thereto (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.23 
 
 Form of Senior Secured Convertible Note, dated June 25, 2021 (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.24 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated June 25, 2021 (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.25 
 
 Form of Senior Secured Convertible Note, dated February 28, 2022 (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.26 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated February 28, 2022 (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.27 
 
 Description of Securities of Nanomix Corporation 

10.1 
 
 Technology Assignment Agreement dated as of August 24, 2009 by and between the Company and David Platt (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-164785) filed with the SEC on June 24, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Boston Therapeutics, Inc. 2010 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 13, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Promissory Note dated as of February 9, 2010 issued by the Company to David Platt (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-164785) filed with the SEC on June 24, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 10, 2010 by and among Avanyx Therapeutics, Inc. and Boston Therapeutics, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement dated June 21, 2011, among Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and the Investors named therein (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 22, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.6 
 
 License and Manufacturing Agreement between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and Advance Pharmaceutical Company Limited effective as of June 24, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 15, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Boston Therapeutics, Inc. 2011 Non-Qualified Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-185355) filed with the SEC on December 7, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Unit Purchase Agreement between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and the investors named therein dated as of July 23, 2013, as amended (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 13, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and the investors named therein dated as of July 23, 2013, as amended (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 13, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 

58 

10.10 
 
 Warrant Repricing and Exercise Agreement entered by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and CJY Holdings Limited dated November 12, 2015, effective June 15, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 2, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Executive employment Agreement between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and Carl W. Rausch dated as of August 12, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 15, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Letter Agreement dated March 27, 2017 entered between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and Carl W. Rausch (filed as exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 28, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Contribution Agreement by and among Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and CureDM Group Holdings, LLC dated February 12, 2018, effective January 1, 2018, (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Executive Retention Agreement by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and Loraine Upham dated February 12, 2018, effective January 1, 2018, (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.15 
 
 License agreement between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and Level Brands, Inc. (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 2, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 2, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Form of Debt Settlement and Release Agreement (filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Company s current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 2, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.18 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 25, 2021, by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and the buyers signatory thereto (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 25, 2021, by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc. and the buyers signatory thereto (filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Security and Pledge Agreement, dated June 25, 2021, by and between Boston Therapeutics, Inc., each of the Company s subsidiaries and HT Investments MA LLC, in its capacity as collateral agent (filed as exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Guaranty, dated June 25, 2021 by each of the Company s subsidiaries in favor of HT Investments MA LLC, in its capacity as collateral agent (filed as exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 

59 

10.22 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement, dated June 25, 2021, with existing holders of convertible promissory notes (filed as exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Development and License Agreement, dated September 26, 2017 by and between RedPharm (Beijing) Biotechnology Co., Ltd. and Medical Technology Associates II, Inc. and Nanomix, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.24 
 
 First Amendment to Development and License Agreement, dated September 1, 2018 by and between RedPharm (Beijing) Biotechnology Co., Ltd. and Medical Technology Associates II, Inc. and Nanomix, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 28, 2022 (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Consent, Amendment and Wavier, dated February 24, 2022 (filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 23, 2022 (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 24, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Consent, Amendment and Wavier, dated March 22, 2022 (filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 24, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Offer letter for Vidur Sahney, dated February 28, 2022 (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 10, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Offer letter for Thomas Schlumpberger , dated July 29, 2022 (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 10, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated October 21, 2022 by and between the Company and Woodley Equipment Company Ltd. (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 10, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d 14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Executive Officer) 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Financial Officer) 
 
 101 
 
 The following financial statements from this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nanomix Corporation for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 formatted in XBRL: (i) Balance Sheets, (ii) Statements of Operations, (iii) Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit), (iv) Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Financial Statements tagged as blocks of text. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed as an exhibit hereto. 

These certificates are furnished to, but shall not be deemed to be filed with, the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

60 

NANOMIX CORPORATION 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID ). F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December, 31 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

Nanomix Corporation 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Nanomix Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
"consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming the company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements, the company has not yet realized any significant revenues from its planned operations and has had net losses of approximately
 12.3 million and 9.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which raises substantial doubt about its
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 2. The Consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB . 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and the significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated
below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to
be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the
critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Capital Stock and Other Equity Accounts

As discussed in Note 3, the Company issues
stock options and warrants as stock-based compensation to employees and non-employees. 

Auditing management s calculation
of the fair value of the options and warrants issued can be a significant judgment given the fact that the Company uses management estimates
on various inputs to the calculations. 

To
test the valuation of the warrants and options, we evaluated management s significant judgments and estimates. Significant judgements
and estimates related to the valuation of the warrants and options include fair valuing of warrants and options which involve significant
estimates of volatility, grant terms, risk-free rates and the use of historical trading data. We evaluated management s conclusions
regarding their fair values and reviewed support for the significant inputs used in the valuation model, as well as assessing the model
for reasonableness. In addition, we evaluated the Company s disclosure in relation to this matter included in Notes 3 to the consolidated
financial statements 

/ 

M K CPAS, PLLC 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 

April 6, 2023 

F- 2 

NANOMIX CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of December, 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 
 
 Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Deposit 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 -

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES, PREFERRED STOCK SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses, related party 

Accrued interest 

Convertible note payable, net of discount 

Notes payable, related party 

Notes payable marketing 

Deferred Revenues 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 
 
 -

Other current liabilities 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Secured Promissory Note, net of discount 

Secured Promissory Note, net of discount, related party 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 
 
 -

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 7) 

Preferred stock B; shares designated, shares issued, and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 -

Preferred stock C; shares designated, shares issued, and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Preferred stock D; shares designated, shares issued, and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 
 -

Stockholders deficit: 

Common stock; par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Stock payable 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Preferred Stock Subject to Redemption and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

NANOMIX CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Interest expense, related party 

Other income 
 
 -

Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 -

Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 -

Forgiveness of PPP loan and accrued interest 
 -

Loss on debt modification 
 -

Total income (expense) 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 

Common stock warrant and preferred stock deemed dividends 
 
 -

Preferred Stock D dividend 
 
 -

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding basic and diluted

Net loss per common share basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

NANOMIX CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 

Stockholders Deficit 

Common Stock 
 Stock 
 payable 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Total Accumulated 
 Stockholders 
 Mezzanine 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 
 -null- 
 -

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 -

- 

Warrants issued with notes 

Issuance of Common Shares 
 
 -null- 
 -

-

Preferred Stock conversion into common stock 

-

- 

Notes payable and accrued interest conversion into common stock 

-

- 

Preferred Stock C exchange for Nanomix Common Stock 

- 
 
 -

Merge with Boston Therapeutics 

-

- 

Loss on debt modification 

-

Nanomix common stock purchase 

Nanomix options exercised 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Fractional shares rounding 

- 

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 -

- 

Warrants issued with notes and preferred stock 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of Series D Shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dividend to Preferred D shares 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Change in number of warrants pursuant by antidilution issuance 

- 

Preferred Stock B conversion into common stock 

- 
 
 - 

Preferred Stock C conversion into common stock 

- 

Secured Promissary Notes converted into common stock 

Services compensated by stock issuance 

- 

Stock options exercised 

- 

Issuance of Common Stock 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

NANOMIX CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Loss from asset disposal 

- 

Stock-based compensation 

Warrants 

Services compensated by stock issuance 

- 

Amortization of debt discount 

Loss on debt modification 

- 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

- 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 

- 

() 
 
 Leasing 

Forgiveness of PPP loan and accrued interest 

- 

() 
 
 Other income from domain sale 

() 

Increase (decrease) in cash attributable to changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

- 

Prepaid expenses 

() 
 
 Other assets 

() 
 
 Accounts payable 

() 
 
 Accrued expenses 

() 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses, related party 

Accrued Interest 

Accrued Interest, related party 

- 

Other liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash used by operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds from the domain sale 

- 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 
 
 Cash received with merge with Boston Therapeutics 

- 

Net cash used by investing activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from notes payable 

- 

Proceeds from notes payable, related party 

- 

Repayments of notes payable - related parties 

- 

() 
 
 Proceeds from Secured Promissory Notes 

Proceeds from Secured Promissory Notes, related party 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from issuance of Preferred stock D 

- 

Proceeds from options exercised 

Re-purchase of Nanomix common shares 

- 

() 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

() 

Cash at the beginning of the period 

Cash at the end of the period 

Non-cash investing and financing transactions: 

Initial recognition of right to use asset and lease liability 

- 

Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for lease obligations 

- 

() 
 
 Lease liability 

- 

Convertible notes payable for accrued expenses 

- 

Preferred stock conversion into common stock 

Secured promissory note for related party note payable 

Common stock for convertible note payable 

Discount for beneficial conversion feature and warrants issued with notes 

Dividend pursuant to warrant number change 

- 

Conversion of note payable to common stock 

- 

Dividend from issuance preferred stock D 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

NANOMIX CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of common stock to the stockholders of BTI in exchange for of the outstanding common
stock of BTI, and the change of the Company s name to Boston Therapeutics, Inc. On February 12, 2018, the Company acquired CureDM
Group Holdings LLC CureDM ), for shares of common stock of which were delivered at closing and 
were to be delivered in equal tranches of each upon the achievement of specific milestones. On January 26, 2021, Boston
Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), BTHE Acquisition Inc., a California corporation and wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), and Nanomix, Inc., a California corporation Nanomix ), entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which, Merger Sub merged with and into Nanomix, with
Nanomix continuing as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the surviving corporation of the merger (the Merger ).
On November 12, 2021, FINRA notified the Company that the name change to Nanomix Corporation and the symbol change to NNMX 
would be effective November 15, 2021. As consideration for the Merger, the Company issued to the shareholders of Nanomix shares
of a newly created Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Preferred Stock ). On March 22, 2022, 
of such shares of Preferred Stock issued to Nanomix shareholders automatically converted into shares of common stock of the
Company; shares of Preferred C Stock were converted into of common stock in April-December 2022 and shares of Preferred
Stock C are still outstanding and will be converted into of common stock of the Company; the warrants assumed at closing may be
exercisable into approximately shares of common stock of the Company and the options and restricted stock units assumed at
closing may be exercisable into approximately shares of common stock of the Company. The shares of common stock issuable upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock together with warrants, restricted stock units and options assumed on the closing date represent approximately
 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company upon closing of the Merger. The merger closed on June 4, 2021. See Note 9 

F- 7 

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. These matters, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

F- 8 

. Cash balances could exceed insured amounts at any given time; however, the Company has
not experienced any such losses. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were no cash equivalents. 

and allowances for sales returns and doubtful accounts were required at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 9 

in 2022 is from sale
of the domain rights for nano.com to a third party for net of escrow fees. 

F- 10 

F- 11 

unearned advanced revenues. 

-

Government grant income 
 -

Lab Equipment 

Manufacturing Equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold Improvements 

Total property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

and for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 12 

(the Convertible Debentures in exchange for an aggregate net
cash proceeds of , net of financing costs. 

as of December 31, 2022
and 2021. Accrued interest and was included in accrued interest balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

to the Company to fund start-up costs and operations. Advances by Dr. Platt
carry an interest rate of and were due on June 29, 2013. On May 7, 2012, Dr. Platt and the Company s former President and also
a significant shareholder entered into promissory notes to advance to the Company each for an aggregate of . The notes
accrue interest at per year and were due June 30, 2013. The outstanding notes of were amended each year to extend the maturity
dates. Effective June 30, 2015, the outstanding notes for Dr. Platt were amended to extend the maturity dates to June 30, 2017. During
2017, the Company made fully paid the note and all accrued interest to the former President of the Company. Dr. Platt s notes and
accrued interest remain outstanding and are classified as current liabilities. 

. Accrued interest and was included into accrued
interest balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 13 

to CJY Holdings, Ltd CJY ). CJY is a Hong Kong company owned by Conroy Chi-Heng Cheng, a former
director of Boston Therapeutics. The CJY Note is an unsecured obligation of the Company. Principal and interest under the CJY Note is
due and payable after one year. Interest accrues on the CJY Note at the rate of per annum. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance
of the notes payable to CJY totaled and are included notes payable. Accrued interest and was included into accrued
interest balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

bears interest at
 and matures December 31, 2019, unless the Company raises through Level Brands prior to that date in which case the Note is
to be repaid in full including accrued interest. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the principal balance of the marketing note was .
Accrued interest at December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled and , respectively. 

of common stock which was due upon execution of the agreement or any of the shares pursuant to the quarterly fee. The 
is included in accrued expenses at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Due to the Company s low sales volume, no accrual for royalties is
included in the financial statements as the amounts would not be material. 

F- 14 

million of unsecured notes payable to investors including million to related parties. These notes bear interest at
a rate of per annum and include a common stock warrant equal to of the face value of the note. The outstanding principal, and
accrued but unpaid interest on the notes converts into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Special Preferred Stock at a price of 
per share in a Qualified Investment. In the event of conversion not in conjunction with a Qualified Investment, the notes are convertible
into Common Stock at a price of . As of June 3, 2021, the Company had interest accrued. 

The principal and accrued interest were converted per the terms of the agreement as such no gain or loss was recognized.
The merger did not meet the Qualified Investment criteria. 

million with a 90-day maturity. The maturity date of this note was extended by mutual
agreement with the note holder and the note was outstanding until June 25, 2021. As of June 25,2021, the Company had interest
accrued. 

secured
million note payable Holder entered into an exchange agreement, whereby the company issued the Holder a Senior Secured Convertible Note
in the principal amount of with a maturity date of . On the maturity date, the Company shall pay to the Holder
an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder unless and until an Event of Default
has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully paid and non-assessable shares of
Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder was also granted -year
warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a loss on modification of debt of for the
year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the note balance was . 

with a maturity date of . On the maturity date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder unless and
until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully paid and
non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder was also
granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the beneficial
conversion feature totaling . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount of and
 , respectively. Discount amortization for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

million and maturity date of . On the maturity
date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the
beneficial conversion feature totaling . Funds received were net of an original issue discount of . As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount of and , respectively. Discount amortization
for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

F- 15 

million and maturity date of . On the maturity
date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the
beneficial conversion feature totaling and a discount from the relative fair value of warrants issued of . As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount of and , respectively. Discount amortization for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

thousand and maturity date of . On the maturity
date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the
beneficial conversion feature totaling and a discount from the relative fair value of warrants issued of . In May 18, 2022
Senior Secured Convertible Note to Steve Schrader was converted into shares of Common Stock and the remaining debt discount was
expensed immediately. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount of and , respectively.
Discount amortization for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

and maturity date of . On the maturity date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount totaling
 . Funds received were net of an original issue discount of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown
net of unamortized discount of and , respectively. Discount amortization for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was
 and , respectively. 

and maturity date of . On the maturity date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal.
No interest shall accrue thereunder unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note
may be convertible into validly, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to
enter into the agreement, the noteholder was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and
warrants resulted in a discount totaling . Funds received were net of an original issue discount of . As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount of and , respectively. Discount amortization for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

and maturity date of . On the maturity date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount totaling
 . Funds received were net of an original issue discount of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown
net of unamortized discount of and , respectively. Discount amortization for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was
 and , respectively. 

F- 16 

and maturity date of . On the maturity date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the
beneficial conversion feature totaling . Funds received were net of an original issue discount of . As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount of and , respectively. Discount amortization for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

and maturity date of . On the maturity date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder unless and
until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully paid and
non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder was also
granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the beneficial
conversion feature totaling and a discount from the relative fair value of warrants issued of . Funds received were 
net of an original issue discount of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount of 
and , respectively. Discount amortization for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

and maturity date of . On the maturity date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the
relative fair value of warrants issued of . Funds received were net of an original issue discount of . As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount of and , respectively. Discount amortization for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

and maturity date of . On the maturity date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the
relative fair value of warrants issued of . Funds received were net of an original issue discount of . As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount of and , respectively. Discount amortization for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

and maturity date of . On the maturity date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the
beneficial conversion feature totaling and a discount from the relative fair value of warrants issued of . Funds received
were net of an original issue discount of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount
of and , respectively. Discount amortization for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

F- 17 

and maturity date of . On the maturity date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the
relative fair value of warrants issued of . Funds received were net of an original issue discount of . As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount of and , respectively. Discount amortization for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

and maturity date of . On the maturity date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the
relative fair value of warrants issued of . Funds received were net of an original issue discount of . As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount of and , respectively. Discount amortization for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

and maturity date of . On the maturity date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the
relative fair value of warrants issued of . Funds received were net of an original issue discount of . As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount of and , respectively. Discount amortization for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

and maturity date of . On the maturity date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the
beneficial conversion feature totaling and a discount from the relative fair value of warrants issued of . Funds received
were net of an original issue discount of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount
of and , respectively. Discount amortization for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

and maturity date of . On the maturity date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the
relative fair value of warrants issued of . Funds received were net of an original issue discount of . As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount of and , respectively. Discount amortization for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

F- 18 

and maturity date of . On the maturity date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the
relative fair value of warrants issued of . Funds received were net of an original issue discount of . As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount of and , respectively. Discount amortization for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

and maturity date of . On the maturity date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the
relative fair value of warrants issued of . Funds received were net of an original issue discount of . As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount of and , respectively. Discount amortization for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

and maturity date of . On the maturity date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the
relative fair value of warrants issued of . Funds received were net of an original issue discount of . As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount of and , respectively. Discount amortization for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

and maturity date of . On the maturity date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing of all outstanding Principal. No interest shall accrue thereunder
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note may be convertible into validly, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock with conversion price . As an incentive to enter into the agreement, the noteholder
was also granted -year warrants exercisable at . The issuance of the note and warrants resulted in a discount from the
relative fair value of warrants issued of . Funds received were net of an original issue discount of . As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the note was shown net of unamortized discount of and , respectively. Discount amortization for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

shares of
its preferred stock as Series B Preferred Stock. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock has a stated value of . Each share of the Series
B Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock. The Series B Preferred Stock shall have no voting
rights until January 1, 2022 when it will be on an as converted basis (subject to limitations) and liquidation preference for each share
of Series B Preferred Stock at an amount equal to the stated value per share. 

shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding. The Series B Preferred Stock has been classified outside of permanent equity and liabilities
since it embodies a conditional obligation that the Company may settle by paying the monetary value in cash upon a liquidation event due
to the liquidation preferences of the Series B Preferred Stock based upon its designation. 

F- 19 

shares of common stock of the Company. 

shares
of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding. 

shares of a newly created Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Preferred
Stock ). Upon the effectiveness of the amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to effectuate the reverse stock split of one-for-173,
all such shares of Preferred Stock issued to Nanomix shareholders shall automatically convert into approximately shares of
common stock of the Company. Shares of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on any matter and shall each collectively
represent of the votes eligible to be cast in any manner. The Series C Preferred Stock are not entitled to any dividends (unless specifically
declared by our Board), but will participate on an as-converted-to-common-stock basis in any dividends to the holders of our common stock. 

shares of Preferred Stock C issued to the Nanomix shareholders converted into shares of common stock of the
Company. In April 2022 shares of Preferred Stock C were converted into shares of common stock of the Company. In September
2022 shares of Preferred Stock C were converted into shares of common stock of the Company. In December 2022 shares
of Preferred Stock C were converted into shares of common stock of the Company. 

shares
of Preferred Stock are still outstanding. 

shares of the Company s
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price of . In addition, in connection with the issuance of the
Series D Preferred Stock, the Purchaser received a five year warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. The
Warrant is exercisable at an exercise price of per share of Common Stock, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations (with
a maximum ownership limit of ). The exercise price is also subject to adjustment due to certain events, including stock dividends,
stock splits and fundamental transactions and in connection with the issuance by the Company of our Common Stock or Common Stock
equivalents at an effective price per share lower than the exercise price then in effect. The holders may exercise the Warrants on a cashless
basis if the shares of our Common Stock underlying the Warrants are not then registered pursuant to an effective registration statement. 

F- 20 

per share
and the holder of the Series D Preferred Stock has the right to receive a dividend equal to eight percent per annum, payable quarterly,
beginning on the issuance date of the Series D Preferred Stock and ending on the date that the Series D Preferred Stock has been converted
or redeemed. Dividends may be paid in cash or in shares of Series D Preferred Stock at the discretion of the Company. At closing, the
Company prepaid one year s worth of dividends in shares of Series D Preferred Stock. The Series D Preferred Stock will vote together
with the common stock on an as-converted basis subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitations. Further, the holders of the Series D Preferred
Stock have the right to receive assets in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up before any distribution or payment shall
be made to the holders of any securities junior to the Series D Preferred Stock. The Company is required to reserve and keep available
out of our authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock three times the number of Common Stock needed to convert or exercise all Series
D Preferred Stock and Warrants issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 

, a fixed price equaling the closing bid price of the Common Stock on the trading
day immediately preceding the date of the Purchase Agreement and (2) one hundred percent of the quotient of (A) the sum of the
VWAP of the Common Stock for each of the three (3) trading days with the lowest VWAP during the twenty (20) consecutive trading day period
ending on the trading day immediately preceding the date of delivery of a conversion notice and (B) three, subject to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitations. Following an Event of Default, as defined in the Purchase Agreement, the Conversion price shall equal the lower
of: (a) the then applicable Conversion Price; or (b) a price per share equaling eighty percent of the lowest traded price for the
Company s common stock during the fifteen (15) Trading Days immediately preceding, but not including, the Conversion Date. The Conversion
Price is also subject to adjustment due to certain events, including stock dividends, stock splits and fundamental transactions and in
connection with the issuance by the Company of our Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents at an effective price per share
lower than the Conversion Price then in effect. 

. As of December 31, 2021, the full amount of had been received
under the contract. 

F- 21 

right-of-use asset and
 in a related lease liability as of December 31, 2022 for our operating lease. For our operating lease, the asset is included
in other long-term assets on the balance sheet and is amortized within operating income over the lease term. The long-term component of
the lease liability is included in other long-term liabilities, net, and the current component is included in other current liabilities. 

F- 22 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Current lease liabilities 

Non-current lease liabilities 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

common shares issued and outstanding with a par value of . The Company has authorized shares of common
stock as of the same period and after the reverse stock split. 

common shares for option exercise with exercise price per share. 

common shares for option exercise with average exercise price per share. 

F- 23 

shares of preferred stock
into shares of common stock; 

of notes payable and
accrued interest into shares of common stock with conversion rate ; 

shares of
common stock for newly created shares Series C Convertible Preferred Stock; 

of Nanomix, Inc. pre-merger common shares from unaccredited investors for the amount . 

shares of Nanomix, Inc. pre-merger common stock with an exercise price of per share for a total amount of
 . The shares weren t issued pending effectiveness of the reverse stock split and the exercise was recorded in Stock payable.
Shares of Nanomix Corporation common stock were subsequently issued in 2022 after effectiveness of the reverse stock split. 

shares of Nanomix, Inc. pre-merger common stock with an exercise price per share for the amount . The
shares weren t issued pending effectiveness of the reverse stock split and the exercise was recorded in Stock payable. Shares of
Nanomix Corporation common stock were subsequently issued in 2022 after effectiveness of the reverse stock split. 

per share (the Common Stock ), at a ratio of
1-for-173. The reverse split was recorded retrospectively in 2021 financial statements converted common shares of Boston Therapeutics
stock into common shares of Nanomix Corporation with par value . 

common shares issued and outstanding with a par value of . The Company has authorized shares of common
stock as of the same period and after the reverse stock split. 

per share (the Common Stock ), at a ratio of
1-for-173. Pursuant to the Amendment, every one-hundred and seventy three shares of the Company s Common Stock issued and
outstanding or held in treasury (if any) immediately prior to the effectiveness of Amendment were automatically reclassified as and combined,
without further action, into one (1) validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Common Stock. No fractional shares will be
issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split; but rather, the Company issued one whole share of the post-Reverse Stock Split Common
Stock to any stockholder who otherwise would have received a fractional share as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. As a result, additional
 shares of common stock were issued. 

shares of common stock of the Company. 

shares of Preferred Stock C issued to the Nanomix shareholders converted into shares of common stock of
the Company. 

F- 24 

was converted into shares of Common Stock. 

shares
of Common Stock as a compensation for marketing services. 

shares
of Common Stock as a compensation for marketing services. 

shares
of Common Stock as a compensation for PR/IR services. 

shares of Common Stock as a compensation for advisory services for the engagement period. 

common
shares for option exercise with an exercise price of per share for a total amount of . 

shares of Preferred
Stock C issued to the Nanomix shareholders converted into shares of common stock of the Company. 

common shares and fair value . The stock was issued on October 17, 2022. 

shares of Common Stock as a compensation for recruiting services. 

common shares for option exercise with an exercise price of per share for a total amount of . 

shares
of Common Stock as a compensation for advisory services for the engagement period. 

shares of Common Stock for a total amount . 

common shares for option exercise with an exercise price of per share for a total amount of . 

for the shares of Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, the shares weren t issued and stock purchase was recorded in Stock
payable. 

shares of Preferred
Stock C issued to the Nanomix shareholders converted into shares of common stock of the Company. 

authorized shares of common stock, common shares issued and outstanding with a par value of . 

F- 25 

shares of the Company s Common Stock
at an exercise price per share during 2018 - 2021. The Company has recognized an expense for these services within general and
administrative expense in the accompanying Statements of Operations in the years of warrants issuance of approximately and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. 

shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of 
per share. On December 14, 2020, the Company issued warrants to an outside consultant to purchase an aggregate of shares of the
Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. 

shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per
share. The issuance of warrants resulted in a loss on modification of debt of . (refer to Note 6). On June 25, 2021, the Company
issued warrants to Gold Blaze Limited Vista Corporate Services to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of per share. On June 25, 2021, the Company issued warrants to HT Investments MA LLC to purchase an
aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. On September 27, 2021, the
Company issued warrants to Dr. Harold Parnes to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise
price of per share. On September 27, 2021, the Company issued warrants to Steve Schrader to purchase an aggregate of shares
of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. 

shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise
price of per share. On February 28, 2022, the Company issued warrants to Zygote Ventures to purchase an aggregate of shares
of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. On February 28, 2022, the Company issued warrants to Garrett
Gruener to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. On March
23, 2022, the Company issued warrants to GHS Investments LLC to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock
at an exercise price of per share. 

shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per
share. On May 25, 2022, the Company issued warrants to Garrett Gruener to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s
Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. On June 22, 2022, the Company issued warrants to Garrett Gruener to purchase an
aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. 

shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per
share. On July 27, 2022, the Company issued warrants to Garrett Gruener to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s
Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. On August 9, 2022, the Company issued warrants to Zygote Ventures to purchase
an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. On August 23, 2022, the
Company issued warrants to Garrett Gruener to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise
price of per share. On September 9, 2022, the Company issued warrants to Garrett Gruener to purchase an aggregate of shares
of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. 

F- 26 

shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per
share. On November 10, 2022, the Company issued warrants to Garrett Gruener to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s
Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. On November 28, 2022, the Company issued warrants to Garrett Gruener to purchase
an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. On November 28, 2022, the
Company issued warrants to Zygote Ventures to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise
price of per share. On December 20, 2022, the Company issued warrants to Zygote Ventures to purchase an aggregate of shares
of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. On December 20, 2022, the Company issued warrants to Garrett
Gruener to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. 

Granted with exercise price 

BTHE warrants 

Granted with exercise price 

Exercised/Expired/Forfeited 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted with exercise price 

Granted with exercise price 

Exercised/Expired/Forfeited 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

shares plus (ii) any (A) shares subject to
equity awards granted under the Company s 2010 Stock Plan or the Company s 2011 Non-Qualified Stock Plan or equity awards
granted under the Nanomix, Inc. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan that are assumed by the Company (the Prior Plan Awards that,
on or after the Effective Date (as defined below), expire or otherwise terminate without having been exercised or issued in full, (B) shares
that, on or after the Effective Date, are tendered to or withheld by the Company for payment of an exercise price of Prior Plan Awards
or for tax withholding obligations with respect to Prior Plan Awards, or (C) shares issued pursuant to Prior Plan Awards that, on or after
the Effective Date, are forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to failure to vest, with the maximum number of shares to be added
to the 2021 Plan pursuant to the foregoing clause (ii) equal to Shares, subject to adjustment due the effect of any stock
split, stock dividend, combination, recapitalization or similar transaction. The options awarded under the 2021 Plan shall vest as determined by the Board
of Directors but shall not exceed a ten-year period. 

F- 27 

restricted stock units (RSU) to its employees. Of these, were forfeited due to employee resignations in year
ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022 were forfeited and RSUs were granted. Restricted stock
is valued at the fair market value on the date of grant with expense recognized over the vesting period from June 4, 2021 till February
20, 2023. The Company has recognized an expense for vested RSU within general and administrative expense in the accompanying Statements
of Operations of approximately and for period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

options to its executive officers and employees of the Company and to Nonemployees
for Services Received. Of these, options were exercised or forfeited and remain outstanding as of December 31, 2021.
During period ended December 31, 2022 options were exercised, cancelled and remain outstanding as of December
31, 2022. The exercise prices of these grants, as determined by the Company s Board of Directors, were to per share. 

options to its executive officers, employees of the Company and to Nonemployees for Services Received.
The exercise prices of these grants, as determined by the Company s Board of Directors, were to per share. During
period ended December 31, 2022 options were cancelled and remain outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

and 
for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately of total unrecognized
compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted
average period of years. 

Fractional shares rounding 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Granted @ 

Granted @ 

-

Granted @ 

-

Granted @ 

Granted @ 

Exercised/Expired/Forfeited 
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Expected to be vested 

F- 28 

Expected stock-price volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Term of options 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock price 
 - 

at June 25, 2021 and December 31, 2020. The note and related accrued interest
of were exchanged for an equal amount of Convertible Equity in the June 25, 2021 financing. As a result of the exchange as part
of the merger, 

F- 29 

. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the note net of unamortized discount
balance was and , respectively. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

. 

Loraine Upham 

Loraine Upham accrued compensation 

David Platt 

S. Colin Neill 

Upham Bioconsulting, LLC 

Uphambc Consulting 

Senior Secured Convertible note, related party: 

Mr. Gruener 

million and million available to reduce future taxable income,
if any, for Federal and state income tax purposes. The Company experienced a Section 382 change of ownership in connection with the merger
in 2021, thereby subjecting net operating loss carryovers generated previously to limitations on utilization. To-date, these limitations
have not had an impact on the Company s reported income tax. 

F- 30 

() 

Net income for the year ended 

() 

() 

Loss on debt modification 

- 

Interest Expense - Debt Discount 

Interest Expense 

Other accrued expenses - CY 

() 

Stock Compensation - Options 

Accrued Vacation CY 

Compensation RSU 

Services compensated by stock issuance 

- 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

- 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 

- 

() 

NOL at the end of year 

() 

() 

Effective rate 

Deferred tax asset 

() 

() 
 
 Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset at the end of year 

- 

- 

allowance against our deferred tax asset since we were unable to conclude that it is more likely than not that our
deferred tax asset will be realized. 

As of December 31, 2022, the tax years
beginning after 2019 and 2018 remain subject to examination by US Federal and Californian authorities. However, net operating losses carried
forward are subject to examination in the tax year utilized. 

F- 31 

shares of Common Stock, which was recorded as Stock Payable as of December 31, 2022. 

for an aggregate purchase price of . 

for the issuance of shares of Common Stock. As of April 6, 2023 the shares were not issued. 

F- 32 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

61 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: April 7, 2023 
 NANOMIX CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Thomas
 Schlumpberger 

Name: 
 Thomas Schlumpberger 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: April 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Chris
 Hetterly 

Name: 
 Chris Hetterly 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Thomas
 Schlumpberger 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 April 7,
 2023 
 
 Thomas
 Schlumpberger 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/ Chris
 Hetterly 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 April 7,
 2023 
 
 Chris
 Hetterly 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Vidur
 Sahney 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 April 7,
 2023 
 
 Vidur
 Sahney 

/s/ John
 Hardesky 
 
 Chief
 Commercial Officer 
 
 April 7,
 2023 
 
 John Hardesky 

/s/ Garrett
 Gruener 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7,
 2023 
 
 Garrett
 Gruener 

/s/ Jerry
 Fidler 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7,
 2023 
 
 Jerry
 Fidler 

/s/
 Greg Schiffman 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7,
 2023 
 
 Greg Schiffman 

/s/
 David Ludvigson 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7,
 2023 
 
 David
 Ludvigson 

/s/
 Tadd S. Lazarus, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7,
 2023 
 
 Tadd S.
 Lazarus, M.D. 

62 

<EX-4.27>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-27_nanomix.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OF NANOMIX CORPORATION

Exhibit 4.27 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of December 31, 2022 Nanomix Corporation
had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
References herein to we, us, our and the Company refer to Nanomix Corporation and
not to any of its subsidiaries. 

The following description of our common stock and
certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation, as amended (our charter and bylaws bylaws are summaries
and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, each of which have
been publicly filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We encourage you to read our certificate
of incorporation and our bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL for additional
information. 

Common Stock 

Each share
of our common stock entitles the holder to receive notice of and to attend all meetings of our stockholders with the entitlement to one
vote. Holders of common stock are entitled, subject to the rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions attaching to any other class
of shares ranking in priority to the common stock, to receive any dividend declared by the Board of Directors. If we are voluntarily or
involuntarily liquidated, dissolved or wound-up, the holders of common stock will be entitled to receive, after distribution in full of
the preferential amounts, if any, all of the remaining assets available for distribution ratably in proportion to the number of shares
of common stock held by them. Holders of common stock have no redemption or conversion rights. The rights, preferences and privileges
of holders of shares of common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series
of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding or that we may designate and issue in the future. 

Preferred Stock 

We are authorized to
issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. This preferred stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined
at the time of issuance by our board of directors without further action by stockholders. The terms of any series of preferred stock may
include voting rights (including the right to vote as a series on particular matters), preferences as to dividend, liquidation, conversion
and redemption rights and sinking fund provisions. As of December 31, 2022, shares of series B, series C and series D preferred stock
have been designated but only 377 shares of series C preferred stock and 540 shares of Series D preferred stock are outstanding. The issuance
of any preferred stock could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock, and therefore, reduce the value
of our common stock. In particular, specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability
to merge with, or sell our assets to, a third party and thereby preserve control by the present management. 

Series B Preferred
Stock 

The Series B Preferred
Stock shall not have voting rights, provided, however, effective January 1, 2022, each Holder shall be entitled to the whole number of
votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such holder s Series B Preferred Stock would be convertible
on the record date for the vote or consent of stockholders, and shall otherwise have voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights
and powers of the Common Stock. The Series B Preferred Stock ranks senior to the Company s common stock and junior with respect
to the Company s Series C Preferred Stock with respect to dividend rights and rights upon liquidation, winding-up or dissolution.
Each Holder of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends or distributions on each share of Series B Preferred Stock
on an as converted into Common Stock basis when and if dividends are declared on the Common Stock by the Board of Directors.
Each outstanding share of the Series B Preferred Stock will automatically convert into 1,000 shares of common stock on the date that approval
of an amendment to the Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to implement a one-for-173 reverse stock split of
the Corporation s capital stock, or the Reverse Split, by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast thereon, whether presented
at a special or annual meeting of shareholders of the Corporation or by written consent of the shareholders and the subsequent filing
of such amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not effect
any conversion of the Preferred Stock, and the Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Preferred Stock to the extent
that after giving effect to such conversion, the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates), as set forth on the applicable
Notice of Conversion, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 of the number of shares of the Common Stock Outstanding immediately after
giving effect to such conversion. 

- 1 - 

Series C Preferred
Stock 

Shares of our Series
C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on any matter and shall each collectively represent 80 of the votes eligible to be cast in
any manner. The Series C Preferred Stock are not entitled to any dividends (unless specifically declared by our Board), but will participate
on an as-converted-to-common-stock basis in any dividends to the holders of our common stock. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock shall
be converted into 6,060.044596 shares of the Company s Common Stock upon the Company completing the Reverse Split. In the event
of our dissolution, liquidation or winding up, the holders of our Series C Preferred Stock will convert their shares into common stock
and be on parity with the holders of our common stock and will participate, on a on an as-converted-to-common stock basis, in any distribution
to holders of our common stock. 

Series D Preferred
Stock 

The Company filed a Certificate
of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the COD with the Delaware
Secretary of State to create a new class of preferred stock designated Series D Preferred Stock and authorized the issuance of up to ten
thousand (10,000) shares of Series D Preferred Stock. The Series D Preferred Stock has a stated value of 1,200 per share Stated
Value and the holder of the Series D Preferred Stock has the right to receive a dividend equal to eight percent (8 per annum,
payable quarterly, beginning on the issuance date of the Series D Preferred Stock and ending on the date that the Series D Preferred Stock
has been converted or redeemed. Dividends may be paid in cash or in shares of Series D Preferred Stock at the discretion of the Company.
A The Series D Preferred Stock will vote together with the common stock on an as-converted basis subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitations
Further, the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock have the right to receive assets in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding
up before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any securities junior to the Series D Preferred Stock. The Company
is required to reserve and keep available out of our authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock three times the number of Common Stock
needed to convert or exercise all Series D Preferred Stock. 

The conversion
price (the Conversion Price for the Series D Preferred Stock shall be the amount equal to the lower of (1) 2.08, a fixed
price equaling the closing bid price of the Common Stock on the trading day immediately preceding the date of the Purchase Agreement and
(2) one hundred percent (100 of the quotient of (A) the sum of the VWAP of the Common Stock for each of the three (3) trading days with
the lowest VWAP during the twenty (20) consecutive trading day period ending on the trading day immediately preceding the date of delivery
of a conversion notice and (B) three, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitations. Following an Event of Default, as
defined in the Purchase Agreement, the Conversion price shall equal the lower of: (a) the then applicable Conversion Price; or (b) a price
per share equaling eighty percent (80 of the lowest traded price for the Company s common stock during the fifteen (15) Trading
Days immediately preceding, but not including, the Conversion Date. The Conversion Price is also subject to adjustment due to certain
events, including stock dividends, stock splits and fundamental transactions and in connection with the issuance by the Company of our
Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents at an effective price per share lower than the Conversion Price then in effect. 

The Company shall have
the right to redeem, provided the notes issued in the June 2021 financing have been satisfied in full, all (but not less than all), shares
of the Series D Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at any time after the date of issuance, upon five (5) business days notice,
at a redemption price per Series D Preferred Stock then issued and outstanding, equal to the product of (i) the Premium Rate multiplied
by (ii) the sum of (x) the Stated Value, (y) all accrued but unpaid dividends, and (z) all other amount due to the Holder pursuant to
the COD and/or any document entered into in connection with this financing. Premium Rate means (a) 1.15 if all of the Preferred
Stock is redeemed within ninety (90) calendar days from the issuance date thereof; (b) 1.2 if all of the Preferred Stock is redeemed after
ninety (90) calendar days. 

- 2 - 

Delaware Anti-Takeover Law and Provisions
of Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws 

Delaware Anti-Takeover Law 

We are subject to Section 203
of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Section 203 generally prohibits a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a business
combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which
the person became an interested stockholder, unless: 

prior
to the date of the transaction, the Board of Directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction
which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon
consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned
at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding specified shares; or 

at
or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by the Board of Directors and authorized at an annual
or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding
voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Section 203 defines a business
combination to include: 

any
merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; 

any
sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation to or with the
interested stockholder; 

subject
to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested
stockholder; 

subject
to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any
class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or 

the
receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided
by or through the corporation. 

In general, Section 203 defines an interested
stockholder as any person that is: 

the
owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation; 

an
affiliate or associate of the corporation who was the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at any
time within three years immediately prior to the relevant date; or 

the
affiliates and associates of the above. 

- 3 - 

Under specific circumstances,
Section 203 makes it more difficult for an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with a corporation
for a three-year period, although the stockholders may, by adopting an amendment to the corporation s certificate of incorporation
or bylaws, elect not to be governed by this section, effective 12 months after adoption. 

Our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws do not exclude us from the restrictions of Section 203. We anticipate that the provisions of Section 203 might encourage
companies interested in acquiring us to negotiate in advance with our Board of Directors since the stockholder approval requirement would
be avoided if a majority of the directors then in office approve either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the
stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. 

Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Provisions of our certificate
of incorporation and bylaws may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change of control or change in our management,
including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares, or transactions that our stockholders
might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. Therefore, these provisions could adversely affect the price of our common stock.
Among other things, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws will: 

permit
our Board of Directors to issue up to shares of preferred stock, with any rights, preferences and privileges as they may designate; 

provide
that all vacancies on our Board of Directors, including as a result of newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required
by law, be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum; 

require
that any action to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and not be
taken by written consent; 

provide
that stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at
a meeting of stockholders must provide advance notice in writing, and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s
notice; 

not
provide for cumulative voting rights, thereby allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any
election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election; and 

provide
that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the Board of Directors or by such person or persons requested by a majority
of the Board of Directors to call such meetings. 

-4- 

</EX-4.27>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_nanomix.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 

All subsidiaries are wholly owned except where
otherwise indicated. 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Organization 
 
 Nanomix,
 Inc. 
 
 California 
 
 CurDM
 Group Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_nanomix.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
 Thomas Schlumpberger , certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022
 of Nanomix Corporation; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for
 the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Thomas Schlumpberger 

Thomas Schlumpberger 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_nanomix.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Chris Hetterly, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Nanomix Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 7, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Chris Hetterly 

Chris Hetterly 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_nanomix.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Nanomix Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity
and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: April 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Thomas Schlumpberger 

Thomas Schlumpberger 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_nanomix.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Nanomix Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity
and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date:
 April 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Chris Hetterly 

Chris
 Hetterly 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 nnmx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 nnmx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 nnmx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 nnmx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 nnmx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

