<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230424_10-K_edgar_data_1848672_0001848672-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1734548</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>55438</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>534337</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>392264</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>288783</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>431545</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001848672-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230424
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230424064746
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001848672-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230424
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230424

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Glidelogic Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001848672
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				981575837
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56441
		FILM NUMBER:		23837902

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21/1 ERKINDIK AVE, STE. 187
		CITY:			BISHKEK
		STATE:			1N
		ZIP:			720000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(786) 708-6089

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21/1 ERKINDIK AVE, STE. 187
		CITY:			BISHKEK
		STATE:			1N
		ZIP:			720000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001848672-23-000007.txt : 20230424

10-K
 1
 gdlg10k2023.htm

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

[ ] Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 

[ ] Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

7371 
 
 State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 IRS Employer 
 Primary Standard Industrial 
 
 Incorporation or Organization 
 Identification Number 
 Classification Code Number 

, 

 Tel. 

 Email: 

 (Address and telephone number of principal executive
offices) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/a 
 
 N/a 
 
 N/a 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 
 
 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

 Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

 Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

(X) 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes [ ] [X ] 

The aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant
held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of January 31, 2023 was . 

 State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes
of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: common shares issued and outstanding as of April 21, 2023. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Description of Business. 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 5 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 5 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties. 
 5 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal proceedings. 
 6 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 6 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 6 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 
 6 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 7 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 8 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 8 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 20 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 20 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 21 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons of the Company. 
 21 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 22 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 23 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 23 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 24 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 24 

Signatures 
 24 

2 

PART I 

 Item 1. Description of Business 

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

GENERAL 

We are a business body occupied with software development,
encryption, block chain technologies and related lines of business aimed at the broad public. We angle at users whose primary significance
in a messenger application is security and privacy of sent data. Our business address is 21/1 Erkindik Ave, ste. 187, Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan,
720000. Our phone number is (786) 708-6089. We expect we may fail to achieve profitability which may result in ceasing operations due
to lack of funding. 

 Alongside with software related services we intend
to provide software development consulting services. We expect our showpiece product to be an encrypted messenger application; currently
being under development for that reason is nameless until the completion is due. We plan to develop the messenger using block chain technologies
to provide privacy and security to users and their data. 

 Our messenger is a cutting-edge mobile platform
with highly-secure on-the-go data-and-funds exchange environment to an end-user. Packed with bunch of redundant security and privacy tools
the application is striving to meet and surpass defense-grade security requirements by employing true end-to-end encryption
technology. We are planning to develop friendly and effective tools to control levels of own anonymity, privacy and security. That is
why we are developing our messenger with using block chain technologies, also known as Distributed Ledger Technologies, which have the
opportunities of security, encryption and decentralization. 

 The functionality of our messenger based on the
idea that message is a transaction (like tokens transactions). Our technology based on the following type of transaction
for sending messages: encrypt text generate text into transaction - sign transaction with digital authentication - send the transaction
to a node distribution to the authentication hash the recipient approves the transaction message decryption. 

We believe the messenger to attract attention
with its features as follows, 

 1. 

 End-to-end 
encryption; 

 2. 

 Three factor verification
system to be switched on/ off by the user; 

 3. 

 Encryption algorithm used
encryption on-web and on-device, secure tunneling of messages to disable third parties to interfere, block or, by any means, to receive,
steal or hack users messages and information stored within the messenger application; 

 4. 

 Sender anonymity; 

 5. 

 On-chat translation; 

 6. 

 On-chat money transactions
and pay system; 

 7. 

 Self-destructing messages. 

 We have tested the concepts all the features
above separately and currently we are working on its integration in the messenger platform. On-chat money transactions and pay
system feature was tested with the prototype of digital tokens, developed especially for the test. We are not sure that that this
feature may be incorporated with existing currencies. Currently, we are developing our messenger and working on the UX / UI app design.
We are coding the internal application architecture and creating a database for the application algorithms implementation. According to
our plan of operation, we plan to develop the first prototype by December 31, 2023. 

3 

We plan to deliver the mentioned services depending
on the package ordered by a user, which can be tweaked within the settings of the messenger application. We expect to complete the development
and penetrate the social applications market to achieve profitability; otherwise we may cease operations due to insufficient funds. We
plan to offer the other services, the list of which can be extended or shortened depending on their profitability and popularity with
the customers: 

 1. 

 Consulting services in
software development business. 

 2. 

 Consulting services in
data encryption. 

 3. 

 Consulting services in
block chain operation and development. 

 4. 

 Software development using
block chain technologies. 

 5. 

 Software development using
encryption and data protection. 

 We plan to offer the above services to small and medium
companies involved in various parts of the IT industry and companies providing services to IT entities. 

REVENUE 

We plan to generate revenue by developing and
trading encrypting and block chain-based software, also we intend to sell advanced features of our messenger in packages the following
way: 

 1. 

 Basic: free for all users.
It provides encryption on-web and on-device, secure tunneling of messages. 

 2. 

 Basic Plus: paid annually
or monthly. It provides all basic features, with sender anonymity, on-chat translation, money transactions and pay system added. 

 3. 

 Advanced: paid annually
or monthly. It provides all the Basic and Basic Plus features to add clean-up of chat message history on user s device, self-destructing
messages, pin chat verification to decrypt messages only with generated pin, single tunneling of messages, single key encryption which
generates a new security key each time a new tunnel opens. 

 Additionally, we intend to offer consulting services
for small and medium business entities involved in software development. The offers are planned to be framed by demands of the customers.
The price is planned to vary whether they require the following: 

- single
 consultation or revision of their project. 

- continuous
 monitoring or maintenance. 

MARKETING 

 We expect the Marketing Campaign to be our main drive
allowing us to penetrate the application market and attract new customers as well. The possible ways to obtain the messenger can be as
one chooses - download directly via AppStore or GooglePlay Market for mobile devices, or download an installation file from our website
for computers, or use an online web version directly in a web browser. We project to implement a set of marketing tools and depending
on their efficiency we, possibly, either correct the strategy or exclude the ineffective tools from the campaign. 

We plan to target customers who are concerned about
privacy and security of messaging. We plan to advertise our prime software product at IT workshops, hackathons, trade shows and exhibitions
of software for computers and mobile devices, exhibitions and trade shows of mobile gadgets, gaming industry shows and exhibitions. 

4 

We intend to advertise our messenger and
consulting services by means of banners on web-forums and communities related to computer technologies, encryption and block chain.
We plan to draw the attention of users on notable social platforms (Facebook, Instagram, VK, Twitter) by placing advertising
banners, GIFs, advertising posts and videos. In posts and videos, we plan to disclose the advantages of our encrypted messenger and
demonstrate the main features. We project to start a social web page dedicated to the messenger for our potential users with
necessary information shared and explaining media, as well as advertising media. 

We plan to utilize the SEO (Search Engine Optimization)
tool to draw the attention of web users requesting privacy , secure messaging and close in meaning requests
on Google, Yandex, Yahoo and Bing. We plan to use SEO paired with context advertising services (Google AdWords, Bing Ads, Yandex Direct)
to capture interest of users browsing for digital goods, tools and services corresponding to those of our own. By means of context advertising
we expect to increase link-hit ratio in order to promote our messenger to the top of searches. 

 We expect to attract two main kinds of customers
regarding services they wish to receive. The ones referred as users , are granted the use of messenger application
conditional on the package they would select. We expect them to be an extensive group of active users of mobile devices and computers
who are more concerned about privacy and security over other features. 

 The ones referred as customers , are expected
to offer consulting services in the software development business area. They are expected to be IT professionals employed in cryptography,
developing encryption systems, employed in the IT security area and development of block chain technologies. 

COMPETITION 

 The market of social platforms and messengers
is relatively new and expanding with numbers of offers. Messaging applications and platforms attract users by improving mostly design
and usability whereas we have to offer services significant to modern users such as privacy and security. We expect our encryption algorithm,
currently in progress of development, to allow connecting user-to-user blocking possibilities of interfering, hacking or compromising
the user s data. 

 We intend to utilize block chain technologies to sign
up each financial transfer with an encrypted key, generated each time the transaction commences, thus preventing finance from being stolen.
We expect this technology to protect on-chat pay system and money transfer in time of users transactions and we see it as our competitive
advantage. 

EMPLOYEES; IDENTIFICATION OF CERTAIN SIGNIFICANT
EMPLOYEES. 

We are a start-up company and currently have two employees
our president, Ms. Strygina, and our director, Ms. Aizhan Salmorbek Kyzy appointed as a director of the Company on March 27, 2023. Our
president, Ms. Strygina handles the Company s day-to-day operations. We intend to hire employees on an as needed basis. 

INSURANCE 

We do not maintain any insurance and do not intend
to maintain insurance in the future. Because we do not have any insurance, if we are had a party of a legal action, we may not have sufficient
funds to defend the litigation. If that occurs a judgment could be rendered against us that could cause us to cease operations. 

GOVERNMENT REGULATION 

We will be required to comply with all regulations,
rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies applicable to our business in any jurisdiction which we would conduct activities.
We do not believe that regulations will have a material impact on the way we conduct our business. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 2. Description of Property 

The Company s principal offices are located at
Our business address is 21/1 Erkindik Ave, ste. 187, Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan 720000. 

5 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

There are no pending legal proceedings to which the
Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 
of any class of voting securities of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse
to the Company. 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 

MARKET INFORMATION 

ADMISSION TO QUOTATION ON THE OTC BULLETIN BOARD
AND OTC LINKS. 

We intend to have our common stock be quoted on the
OTC Bulletin Board and/or OTC Link. If our securities are not quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and/nor OTC Link, a security holder may
find it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our securities. The OTC Bulletin Board
differs from national and regional stock exchanges in that it: (i) is not situated in a single location but operates through communication
of bids, offers and confirmations between broker-dealers, and (ii) securities admitted to quotation are offered by one or more Broker-dealers
rather than the specialist common to stock exchanges. 

To qualify for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board
and/or OTC Link, an equity security must have one registered broker-dealer, known as the market maker, willing to list bid or sale quotations
and to sponsor the company listing. We do not yet have an agreement with a registered broker-dealer, as the market maker, willing to list
bid or sale quotations and to sponsor the Company listing. If the Company meets the qualifications for trading securities on the OTC Bulletin
Board and/or OTC Link our securities will trade on the OTC Bulletin Board and/or OTC Link until a future time, if at all. We may not now,
and it may never qualify for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board and/or OTC Link. 

Glidelogic's FINRA application was approved in October
2022 and listed on OTC market. 

HOLDERS 

As of January 31, 2023, the 2,663,750 issued and outstanding
shares of common stock. 

DIVIDEND POLICY 

We have not declared or paid dividends on our common
stock since our formation, and we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. Declaration or payment of dividends, if
any, in the future, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our then current financial condition, results
of operations, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. There are no contractual restrictions
on our ability to declare or pay dividends. See the Risk Factor entitled, Because we do not intend to pay any cash dividends
on our common stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. 

SECURITIES AUTHORIZED UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION
PLANS 

We have no equity compensation or stock option plans. 

OTHER STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

None. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies . 

6 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Certain statements contained in this report,
including statements regarding the anticipated development and expansion of our business, our intent, belief or current expectations,
primarily with respect to the future operating performance of the Company and the products we expect to offer and other statements contained
herein regarding matters that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements. Future filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, future press releases and future oral or written statements made by us or with our approval, which are not statements
of historical fact, may contain forward-looking statements, because such statements include risks and uncertainties, actual results may
differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Our accumulated deficit since inception to January
31, 2023, was 16,260. 

We have generated 243,060 in revenues for the year
ended January 31, 2023. The cost of goods sold for the year ended January 31, 2023 was 210,334. The increase in revenue and COGS was
due to the more advertising and new sales agreements negotiations. 

We have generated 24,500 in revenues since our inception
on December 11, 2020, through January 31, 2022. From our inception (December 11, 2020) to January 31, 2022, we have raised a total of
 28,550 from private offerings of our common stock. 

For the year ended January 31, 2023, we incurred operating
expenses of 47,334, consisting of 47,334 of general and administrative expenses. The increase in operating expenses is related to the
increase in professional fees (transfer agent fees, broker dealer services fees). 

For the year ended January 31, 2022, we incurred operating
expenses of 25,242, consisting of 25,242 of general and administrative expenses. 

The net loss for the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 was 14,608 and
 742, respectively. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

At January 31, 2023, our total assets were 18,300.
Total assets were comprised of 14,547 in current assets and 3,753 in fixed assets. 

As at January 31, 2023, our current liabilities were
 6,010 and Stockholders equity was 12,290. 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

For the year ended January 31, 2023 net cash flows
used in operating activities was 17,813. 

 For the year ended January 31, 2022 net cash flows
provided by operating activities was 8,653. 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

For the year ended January
31, 2023 we have generated 0 in investing activities. 

 For the year ended January
31, 2022 we have generated 32,560 in investing activities. 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

For the year ended January 31, 2023 net cash flows
used in financing activities was 0. 

 For the year ended January 31, 2022 net cash flows
provided by financing activities was 32,560. 

As of January 31, 2023, the Company had 14,547 cash
and our liabilities were 6,010, including 6,010 owed to Daniella Strygina, our sole officer and director. 

7 

The available capital reserves of the Company are not
sufficient for the Company to remain operational. We require minimum funding of approximately 50,000 to conduct our proposed operations
and pay all expenses for a minimum period of one year including expenses associated with this offering and maintaining a reporting status
with the SEC. 

Since inception, we have sold 2,000,000 shares to our
director at a price of 0.001 per share, for net proceeds of 2,000. 

As of January 31, 2023, the Company issued 663,750
shares of common stock for cash proceeds of 26,550 at 0.04 per share. 

There were 2,663,750 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding as of January 31, 2023 

We are attempting to raise funds to proceed with our
plan of operations. We will have to utilize funds from Daniella Strygina, our sole officer and director, who has verbally agreed to loan
the company funds to complete the registration process if offering proceeds are less than registration costs. However, Ms. Strygina has
no formal commitment, arrangement or legal obligation to advance or loan funds to the company. Ms. Strygina s verbal agreement to
provide us loans for registration costs is non- binding and discretionary. To proceed with our operations within 12 months, we need a
minimum of 50,000. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to sell all the shares required to satisfy our 12-month financial requirements.
If we are successful, any money raised will be applied to the items set forth in the Use of Proceeds section of this prospectus. We
will attempt to raise at least the minimum funds necessary to proceed with our plan of operations. In the long term we may need
additional financing. We do not currently have any arrangements for additional financing. Obtaining additional funding will be subject
to a number of factors, including general market conditions, investor acceptance of our business plan and initial results from our business
operations. These factors may impact the timing, amount, terms or conditions of additional financing available to us. There is no assurance
that any additional financing will be available or if available, on terms that will be acceptable to us. 

Our auditors have issued a going concern 
opinion, meaning that there is substantial doubt if we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain
additional capital. No substantial revenues are anticipated until we have completed the financing from this offering and implemented our
plan of operations. Our only source for cash at this time is investments by others in this offering. We must raise cash to implement our
strategy and stay in business. The amount of the offering will likely allow us to operate for at least one year and have the capital resources
required to cover the material costs with becoming a publicly reporting. The Company anticipates over the next 12 months the cost of being
a reporting public company will be approximately 40,000. 

The Company will have to meet all the financial disclosure
and reporting requirements associated with being a publicly reporting company. The Company s management will have to spend additional
time on policies and procedures to make sure it is compliant with various regulatory requirements, especially that of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This additional corporate governance time required of management could limit the amount of time management
has to implement is business plan and impede the speed of its operations. 

Should the Company fail to raise a minimum of 50,000
under this offering the Company would be forced to scale back or abandon the implementation of its 12-month plan of operations. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

8 

GLIDELOGIC CORP. 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED JANUARY 31, 2023 AND 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 10 
 
 Balance Sheets as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 11 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 12 
 
 Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 13 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 14 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 15 

9 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Glidelogic Corp. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Glidelogic Corp. the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of operations, changes in
stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended January 31, 2023, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the years in the two-year period ended January 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

 Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company
currently has income but has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenue sufficient to cover operating costs
over an extended period of time. This factor, among others, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. Management s plans in regard to this matter are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical Audit Matters 

 Critical audit matters are matters arising
from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

PCAOB ID: 0 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April 21, 2023 

10 

GLIDELOGIC CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

 As at January 31, 2023 and 2022 

January 31, 2023 
 January 31, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Total Current Assets 

Fixed Assets 

Equipment, Website, net 

Total Fixed Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Account Payable 
 
 - 

Loan 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, par value ; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Accumulated income/deficit 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part of
these financial statements 

11 

GLIDELOGIC CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 For the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 

Year ended January 31, 2023 

Year ended 
 January 31, 2022 
 
 REVENUES 

Cost of goods 
 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 Gross Profit 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

NET LOSS/INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
 
 - 
 
 - 

NET LOSS/INCOME 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

NET LOSS/INCOME PER SHARE: BASIC AND DILUTED 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF 
 SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC AND DILUTED 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part of
these financial statements 

12 

GLIDELOGIC CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in 
 Capital 
 
 Accumulated Income 
 
 Total Stockholder s Equity (Deficit) 

Shares 
 
 Amount 

Balance, January 31, 2021 

- 
 
 ) 

Issuance of common stock 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Balance, January 31, 2022 

) 

Net loss 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Balance, January 31, 2023 

) 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part of
these financial statements 

13 

GLIDELOGIC CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 

Year ended January 31, 2023 
 
 Year ended January 31, 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operations: 

Depreciation Expense 

Accounts Receivable 
 
 - 

Accounts Payable 
 
 ) 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 
 ) 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Equipment 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Loan From Director 
 
 - 

Capital Stock 
 
 - 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 
 - 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 
 
 ) 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Income taxes paid 
 
 - 
 
 - 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part of
these financial statements 

14 

GLIDELOGIC CORP. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 January 31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

revenues for the year ended January 31, 2023. The Company currently
has income but has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenue sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended
period of time. Therefore, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management anticipates
that the Company will be dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses. The Company intends
to position itself so that it will be able to raise additional funds through the capital markets. In light of management s efforts,
there are no assurances that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and continue
as a going concern. 

The respective carrying values of certain on-balance-sheet
financial instruments approximate their fair values. These financial instruments include cash and related party loan payable. Fair values
were assumed to approximate carrying values for these financial instruments since they are short term in nature and their carrying amounts
approximate fair value. 

The Company computes income (loss) per share in accordance
with ASC 260 Earnings per Share . Basic loss per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders
by the weighted average number of outstanding common shares during the period. Diluted income (loss) per share gives effect to all dilutive
potential common shares outstanding during the period. Dilutive loss per share excludes all potential common shares if their effect
is anti-dilutive. As of January 31, 2023 there were no potentially dilutive debt or equity instruments issued or outstanding. 

. 

The amounts due to the related party are unsecured
and non-interest bearing with no set terms of repayment. 

shares of common stock issued
and outstanding as of January 31, 2023. 

17 

) 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net deferred tax assets 

) 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Actual tax expense (benefit) 
 
 - 
 
 - 

The related deferred tax benefit on the above unutilized
tax losses has a full valuation allowance not recognized against it as there is no certainty of its realization. Management has evaluated
tax positions in accordance with ASC 740 and has not identified any significant tax positions, other than those disclosed. 

18 

19 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

FRUCI ASSOCIATES II, PLLC is our registered independent public registered
accounting firm. There have not been any changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure or any other
matter. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

The Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining
a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the
reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its
principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

An assessment was conducted with the participation
of our principal executive and principal financial officer of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of January 31, 2023. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). The Company s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation
of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, using the criteria established in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO - 2013 ). 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, the Company determined that there were control
deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses, as described below. 

1. We do not have an Audit Committee
 While not being legally obligated to have an audit committee, it is the management s view that such a committee, including
a financial expert member, is an utmost important entity level control over the Company s financial statements. Currently the Board
of Directors acts in the capacity of the Audit Committee, and does not include a member that is considered to be independent of management
to provide the necessary oversight over management s activities. 

2. We did not maintain appropriate
cash controls As of January 31, 2023, the Company has not maintained sufficient internal controls over financial reporting for
cash, including failure to segregate cash handling and accounting functions, and did not require dual signatures on the Company s
bank accounts. Alternatively, the effects of poor cash controls were mitigated by the fact that the Company had limited transactions in
its bank accounts. 

3. We did not implement appropriate
information technology controls As at January 31, 2023, the Company retains copies of all financial data and material agreements;
however, there is no formal procedure or evidence of normal backup of the Company s
data or off-site storage of data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated factors. 

20 

Accordingly, the Company concluded that these control
deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. 

As a result of the material weaknesses described above,
management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023
based on criteria established in Internal Control- Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control over
financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended January 31, 2023, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters
and Control Persons of the Company 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS 

The name, age and titles of our executive officer and director are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 

Daniella Strygina 
 
 29 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 
 
 Aizhan Salmorbek Kyzy 
 
 29 
 
 Director 

Set forth below is a brief description of the background
and business experience of our executive officer and director for the past five years. 

Daniella Strygina has acted as our President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director
since we incorporated on December 11, 2020. Ms. Strygina graduated from Kyrgyz State
Technical University in 2018. She has a master s degree in Informational Technologies. In 2017, she established a software development
company, Dani Tech LLC, in Bishkek, Kyrgyz. Since 2020, she has been working on the Glidelogic Corp. projects and developing encrypted
messenger app on the blockchain technologies. We believe that Ms. Strygina s specific experience, qualifications and skills will
enable to develop our business. 

In connection with the Board of Meetings resolutions, on March 27, 2023,
Ms. Aizhan Salmorbek Kyzy appointed as a director of the Company. 

Ms. Aizhan Salmorbek Kyzy, age 29, has served as a CEO at ML Tech Solutions,
LLC. since March 2019. From September 2016 to February 2019, Ms. Aizhan Salmorbek Kyzy served as a CTO at Vinero IT, LLC. Ms. Aizhan Salmorbek
Kyzy has a master s degree in Software Engineering and IT Management from the Kyrgyz State Technical University. 

TERM OF OFFICE 

All directors hold office until the next annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Company and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. The Company s Bylaws provide
that the Board of Directors will consist of no less than one member. Sole officer and director are elected by and serve at the discretion
of the Board of Directors. 

21 

DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Our board of director is currently composed of one
member, who does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market
(the Company has no plans to list on the NASDAQ Global Market). The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests,
such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any
of her family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective
determination as to our director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the
exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required
by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information
provided by directors and us with regard to our director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate
to us and our management. 

SIGNIFICANT EMPLOYEES AND CONSULTANTS 

We currently have no employees, other than our president,
Ms. Strygina. 

INVOLVEMENT IN CERTAIN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

No director, person nominated to become a director,
executive officer, promoter or control person of our company has, during the last ten years: (i) been convicted in or is currently subject
to a pending a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (ii) been a party to a civil proceeding of
a judicial or administrative body of competent jurisdiction and as a result of such proceeding was or is subject to a judgment, decree
or final order enjoining future violations of, or prohibiting or mandating activities subject to any federal or state securities or banking
or commodities laws including, without limitation, in any way limiting involvement in any business activity, or finding any violation
with respect to such law, nor (iii) any bankruptcy petition been filed by or against the business of which such person was an executive
officer or a general partner, whether at the time of the bankruptcy or for the two years prior thereto. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The following table sets forth information regarding
each element of compensation that we paid or awarded to our named executive officers for fiscal years 2023 and 2022: 

Name and 
 Principal 
 Position 
 Year 
 
 Salary 
 ) 
 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 All 
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 All 
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Daniella Strygina, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 
 2023 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS 

The Company is not a party to any employment agreement
and has no compensation agreement with any officer or director. 

22 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth director compensation for the period from
Inception (December 11, 2020) to January 31, 2023: 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified 
Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 
 Daniella Strygina 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

We have not compensated our officer and director for their service on our
Board of Directors since our inception. There are no arrangements pursuant to which directors will be compensated in the future for any
services provided as a director. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth certain information
concerning the number of shares of our common stock owned beneficially as of January 31, 2023 by: (i) each person (including any group)
known to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii) our director, and or (iii) our officer. Unless
otherwise indicated, the stockholder listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 

Title of Class 
 
 Name and Address of 
 Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of class 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Daniella Strygina 
 21/1 Erkindik Ave, ste. 187, Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan 720000 
 2,000,000 shares of common stock (direct) 
 75 

(1) A beneficial owner of a security includes any person
who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power,
which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or
direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons
share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if
the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information
is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of
shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As of January 31, 2023, there
were 2,663,750 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

As of January 31, 2023, we issued a total of 2,000,000
shares of restricted common stock to our president, Daniella Strygina. Our sole officer and director, Ms. Strygina, has advanced funds
to us. Ms. Strygina will not be repaid from the proceeds of this offering. There is no due date for the repayment of the funds advanced
by Ms. Strygina. Ms. Strygina will be repaid from revenues of operations if and when we generate revenues to pay the obligation. There
is no assurance that we will ever generate revenues from our operations. The obligation to Ms. Strygina does not bear interest. There
is no written agreement evidencing the advancement of funds by Ms. Strygina or the repayment of the funds to Ms. Strygina. The entire
transaction was oral. We have a verbal agreement with Ms. Strygina that, if necessary, he will loan the company funds to complete the
registration process. 

23 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

During fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, we incurred
 14,250 in fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our January
31, 2022 financial statements and for the reviews of our financial statements for the quarters ended April 30, 2022, July 31, 2022 and
October 31, 2022. 

Fees 
 
 2023 

2022 

Audit Fees 
 
 14,250 

13,000 

Audit Related Fees 
 
 - 

- 

Tax Fees 
 
 - 

- 

Other Fees 
 
 - 

- 

Total Fees 
 
 14,250 

13,000 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant
has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan, on
April 21,2023. 

GLIDELOGIC CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ 
 Daniella Strygina 

Name: 
 Daniella Strygina 

Title: 
 President, Secretary, Director and Treasurer 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

24 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification 

I, Daniella Strygina ,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
Annual Report on Form 10-K of GLIDELOGIC CORP. ; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
 internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
 o 
 
 f financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

April 21, 2023 

GLIDELOGIC CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ 
 Daniella Strygina 

Name: 
 Daniella Strygina 

Title: 
 President, Secretary, Director and Treasurer 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the
Annual Report of GLIDELOGIC CORP. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended Yanuary
31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report I, Daniella
Strygina, Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

April 21, 2023 

GLIDELOGIC CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ 
 Daniella Strygina 

Name: 
 Daniella Strygina 

Title: 
 President, Secretary, Director and Treasurer 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.LAB>
 4
 gdlg-20230131_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 5
 gdlg-20230131_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gdlg-20230131.xsd

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 gdlg-20230131_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

