<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1648087_0001493152-23-012360.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9933434</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>342866</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1375793</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4041586</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1685952</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2212336</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012360.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414170624
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012360
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001648087
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS PRODUCTS, NEC [3089]
		IRS NUMBER:				473892903
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41267
		FILM NUMBER:		23821952

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		718 THOMPSON LANE, STE 108-199
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37204
		BUSINESS PHONE:		833-267-3235

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		718 THOMPSON LANE, STE 108-199
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37204

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CUBESCAPE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150714

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012360.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 ,

(Address
 of principal 
 executive
 offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 
 The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to
 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was approximately on June 30, 2022 based on the closing price per common share of 0.80 on that date. 

The
number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 30, 2023, was 
shares. An additional 159,737 shares of common stock are authorized but unissued. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: None 

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 Business 
 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 19 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 Properties 
 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 36 

PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 37 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 41 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 
 41 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 44 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 45 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 46 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 46 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 47 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 47 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 48 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 54 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 58 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 59 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 60 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 61 
 
 ITEM
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 62 

SIGNATURES 
 
 63 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on current expectations,
estimates and projections. We may use words such as may, could, should, anticipate, 
 expect, project, position, intend, target, plan, 
 seek, believe, foresee, outlook, estimate and variations of these
words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are
subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause
actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted. These risks and uncertainties include the following: 

the
 risks and other factors described under the caption Risk Factors under Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K; 

our
 ability to efficiently manage and repay our debt obligations; 

we recently consummated the purchase of our safe manufacturer and sales organizations, and future acquisitions and
operations of new manufacturing facilities and/or sales organizations might prove unsuccessful and could fail; 

our
 inability to raise additional financing for working capital, especially related to purchasing critical inventory; 

our ability to generate sufficient revenue in our targeted markets to support operations; 

significant
 dilution resulting from our financing activities: 

actions
 and initiatives taken by both current and potential competitors; 

shortages of components and materials, as well as supply chain disruptions, may delay or reduce our sales and increase
our costs, thereby harming our results of operations; 

we do not have long-term purchase commitments from our customers, and their ability to cancel, reduce, or delay orders
could reduce our revenue and increase our costs; 

our success depends on our ability to introduce new products that track customer preferences; 

if we are unable to protect our intellectual property, we may lose a competitive advantage or incur substantial litigation
costs to protect our rights; 

as a significant portion of our revenues are derived by demand for our safes and the personal security products for
firearms storage, we depend on the availability and regulation of ammunition and firearm storage; 

as we continue to integrate the recent purchase of our safe manufacturer and sales organization, any compromised
operational capacity may affect our ability to meet the demand for our safes, which in turn may affect our generation of revenue; 

our future operating results; 

our ability to diversify our operations; 

our inability to effectively meet our short- and long-term obligations; 

the fact that our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we report our financial condition and results
of operations, and they may require management to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain; 

given our limited corporate history it is difficult to evaluate our business and future prospects and increases the
risks associated with an investment in our securities; 

adverse state or federal legislation or regulation that increases the costs of compliance, or adverse findings by
a regulator with respect to existing operations; 

changes in U.S. GAAP or in the legal, regulatory and legislative environments in the markets in which we operate; 

deterioration in general or global economic, market and political conditions; 

inability to efficiently manage our operations; 

inability to achieve future operating results; 

the unavailability of funds for capital expenditures; 

our ability to recruit and hire key employees; 

the global impact of COVID-19 on the United States economy and our operations; 

the inability of management to effectively implement our strategies and business plans; 

our business prospects; 

any contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the dependence of our future success on the general economy; 

any possible financings; and 

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital. 

Because
the factors referred to above could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking
statements made by us, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. New factors emerge from time to time,
and their emergence is impossible for us to predict. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent
to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements. 

This
Annual Report should be read completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what we
expect. The forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report are made as of the date of this Annual Report and should be evaluated
with consideration of any changes occurring after the date of this Annual Report. We will not update forward-looking statements even
though our situation may change in the future and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this Annual Report to Company, American Rebel Holdings, American
Rebel, we, us and our are references to American Rebel Holdings, Inc. and its operating subsidiaries, American Rebel, Inc., Champion Safe Co., Inc., Superior Safe, LLC, Safe Guard Security Products, LLC and Champion Safe De Mexico, S.A.
de C.V. All references to USD or United States Dollar refer to the legal currency of
the United States of America. 

3 

AVAILABLE
INFORMATION 

We
file annual, quarterly and special reports and other information with the SEC. You can read these SEC filings and reports over the Internet
at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. You can also obtain copies of the documents at prescribed rates by writing to the Public Reference
Section of the SEC at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549 on official business days between the hours of 10:00 am and 3:00 pm. Please
call the SEC at (800) SEC-0330 for further information on the operations of the public reference facilities. We will provide a copy of
our Annual Report to security holders, including audited financial statements, at no charge upon receipt to of a written request to us
at American Rebel Holdings, Inc., 909 18th Avenue South, Suite A, Nashville, Tennessee 37212. 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Recent
Events 

Acquisition
of Champion Entities 

On
June 29, 2022, the Company entered into a stock and membership interest purchase agreement with Champion Safe Co., Inc. Champion Safe ), Superior Safe, LLC Superior Safe ), Safe Guard Security Products, LLC Safe
Guard ), Champion Safe De Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Champion Safe Mexico and, together with Champion Safe, Superior
Safe, Safe Guard, and Champion Safe Mexico, collectively, (the Champion Entities and Mr. Ray Crosby Seller (the Champion Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire all of the
issued and outstanding capital stock and membership interests of the Champion Entities from the Seller. This transaction was
completed on July 29, 2022. We have included the Champion Entities assets and liabilities as of that date and the subsequent
financial activity through the date of this Annual Report in our consolidated financial statements which consist of the consolidated
balance sheets, consolidated statement of operations, consolidated statement of stockholders equity (deficit) and
consolidated statement of cash flows (the Consolidated Financial Statements ). The Champion Entities have been integrated
with our existing operations and are under the control of our management team. 

The closing of the
acquisition occurred on July 29, 2022. Under the terms of the Champion Purchase Agreement, the Company paid the Seller (i) cash
consideration in the amount of 9,150,000, along with (ii) cash deposits previously of 350,000, and (iii) reimbursement to the
Seller for 397,420 of agreed upon acquisitions and equipment purchases completed by the Seller and the Champion Entities since June
30, 2021. 

Corporate
Summary 

American
Rebel Holdings, Inc. was incorporated on December 15, 2014, in the State of Nevada and is authorized to issue 600,000,000 shares of 0.001
par value common stock Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of 0.001 par value preferred stock Preferred Stock ). 

The
Company operates primarily as a designer, manufacturer and marketer of branded safes and personal security and self-defense products.
Additionally, the Company designs and produces branded apparel and accessories. 

We
believe that when it comes to their homes, consumers place a premium on their security and privacy. Our products are designed to offer
our customers convenient, efficient and secure home and personal safes from a provider that they can trust. We are committed to offering
products of enduring quality that allow customers to keep their valuable belongings protected and to express their patriotism and style,
which is synonymous with the American Rebel brand. 

Our
safes and personal security products are constructed primarily of U.S.-made steel. We believe our products are designed to safely store
firearms, as well as store our customers priceless keepsakes, family heirlooms and treasured memories and other valuables, and
we aim to make our products accessible at various price points for home and office use. We believe our products are designed for safety,
quality, reliability, features and performance. 

4 

To enhance the strength of our
brand and drive product demand, we work with our manufacturing facilities and various suppliers to emphasize product quality and mechanical
development in order to improve the performance and affordability of our products while providing support to our distribution channel
and consumers. We seek to sell products that offer features and benefits of higher-end safes at mid-line price ranges. 

We
believe that safes are becoming a must-have appliance in a significant portion of households. We believe our current safes
provide safety, security, style and peace of mind at competitive prices. 

In
addition to branded safes, we offer an assortment of personal security products as well as apparel and accessories for men and women
under the Company s American Rebel brand. Our backpacks utilize what we believe is a distinctive sandwich-method concealment pocket,
which we refer to as Personal Protection Pocket, to hold firearms in place securely and safely. The concealment pockets on our Freedom
2.0 Concealed Carry Jackets incorporate a silent operation opening and closing with the use of a magnetic closure. 

We
believe that we have the potential to continue to create a brand community presence around the core ideals and beliefs of America, in
part through our Chief Executive Officer, Charles A. Andy Ross, who has written, recorded and performs a number of songs
about the American spirit of independence. We believe our customers identify with the values expressed by our Chief Executive Officer
through the American Rebel brand. 

Through
our growing network of dealers, we promote and sell our products in select regional retailers and local specialty safe, sporting goods,
hunting and firearms stores, as well as online, including our website and e-commerce platforms such as Amazon.com. 

American
Rebel is boldly positioning itself as America s Patriotic Brand in a time when national spirit and American values
are being rekindled and redefined. American Rebel is an advocate for the 2nd Amendment and conveys a sense of responsibility to teach
and preach good common practices of gun ownership. American Rebel products keep you concealed and safe inside and outside the home. American
Rebel Safes protect your firearms and valuables from children, theft, fire and natural disasters inside the home; and American Rebel
Concealed Carry Products provide quick and easy access to your firearm utilizing American Rebel s Proprietary Protection Pocket
in its backpacks and apparel outside the home. The initial company product releases embrace the concealed carry lifestyle 
with a focus on concealed carry products, apparel, personal security and defense. There s a growing need to know how to
protect yourself, your family, your neighbors or even a room full of total strangers, says American Rebel s Chief Executive Officer, Andy Ross.
 That need is in the forethought of every product we design. 

The
 concealed carry lifestyle refers to a set of products and a set of ideas around the emotional decision to carry a gun everywhere
you go. The American Rebel brand strategy is similar to the successful Harley-Davidson Motorcycle philosophy, referenced in this quote
from Richard F. Teerlink, Harley s chairman and former chief executive, It s not hardware; it is a lifestyle, an emotional
attachment. That s what we have to keep marketing to. As an American icon, Harley has come to symbolize freedom, rugged
individualism, excitement and a sense of bad boy rebellion. American Rebel America s Patriotic Brand has
significant potential for branded products as a lifestyle brand. Its innovative Concealed Carry Product line and Safe line serve a large
and growing market segment; but it is important to note we have product opportunities beyond Concealed Carry Products and Safes. 

5 

American
Rebel Safes 

Keeping
your guns in a location only appropriate trusted members of the household can access should be one of the top priorities for every responsible
gun owner. Whenever a new firearm is purchased, the owner should also look for a way to store and secure it. Storing the firearm in a
gun safe will prevent it from being misused by young household members, and it will also prevent it from being stolen in a burglary or
damaged in a fire or natural disaster. Gun safes may seem pricy at first glance, but once the consumer is educated on their role to protect
expensive firearms and other valuables such as jewelry and important documents, the price is justified. 

American
Rebel produces large floor safes in a variety of sizes as well as small portable keyed safes. Additional opportunities exist for the
Company to develop Wall Safes and Handgun Boxes. 

Reasons
gun owners should own a gun safe : 

If
 you are a gun owner and you have children, many states have a law in place that you have to have your gun locked in a safe, away
 from children. This will prevent your children from getting the gun and hurting themselves or someone else. 

Some
 states have a law in place that you have to keep your gun locked away when it is not in use even if you don t have children
 in your home. California has a law that you have to have your gun locked in a firearms safety device that is considered safe by the
 California Department of Justice (DOJ). When you buy a safe, you should see if it has approval from the California DOJ. 

Many
 gun owners own more guns than insurance will cover. Many insurance companies only cover 3,000 worth of guns. Are your weapons worth
 more? If so, you should invest in a gun safe to make sure your guns are protected from fire, water, and thieves. 

Many
 insurance companies may give you a discount if you own a gun safe. If you own a gun safe or you purchase one, you should see if your
 insurance company is one that offers a discount for this. A safe can protect your guns and possibly save you money. 

Do
 people know you own guns? You might not know that many burglaries are carried out by people they know. 

If
 a person you know breaks into your home, steals your gun, and murders someone you could be charged with a crime you didn t
 commit, or the victim s family could sue you. 

Gun
 safes can protect your guns in the event your home goes up in flames. When buying a safe, you should see if it will protect your
 firearm or any other valuables from fire damage. 

You
 might be the type of person that has a gun in your home for protection. A gun locked in a safe can still offer you protection. There
 are quick access gun safes on the market. With a quick access gun safe, you can still retrieve your gun in a few seconds, but when
 it isn t needed it will be protected. 

A
gun safe is the best investment a gun owner can make because the safe can protect guns from thieves, fire, water, or accidents. Bills
or ballot measures to require safe storage have been discussed in Delaware, Washington, Oregon, Missouri and Virginia; and various laws
are on the books in California and Massachusetts. Even a figure as staunchly pro-gun as Texas s Republican lieutenant governor,
Dan Patrick, called on gun-owning parents to lock up their weapons after the Santa Fe shooting. The gun safe industry is experiencing
rapid growth and innovation. American Rebel Chief Executive Officer Andy Ross and the rest of the American Rebel team are committed to fulfilling the opportunity
in the gun safe market and filling the identified void with American Rebel Gun Safes. 

6 

Below
is a summary of the different safes we offer: 

i. 
 Large
 Safes our current large model safe collection consists of six premium safes. All of our large safes share the same high-quality
 workmanship, are constructed out of 11-gauge U.S.-made steel and feature a double plate steel door, double-steel door casements and
 reinforced door edges. Each of these safes provide up to 75 minutes of fire protection at 1200 degrees Fahrenheit. Our safes offer
 a fully adjustable interior to fit our customers needs. Depending on the model, one side of the interior may have shelves
 and the other side set up to accommodate long guns. There are optional additions such as Rifle Rod Kits and Handgun Hangers to increase
 the storage capacity of the safe. These large safes offer greater capacity for secure storage and protection, and our safes are designed
 to prevent unauthorized access, including in the event of an attempted theft, natural disaster or fire. We believe that a large,
 highly visible safe also acts as a deterrent to any prospective thief. 

ii. 
 Personal
 Safes the safes in our compact safe collection are easy to operate and carry as they fit into briefcases, desks or under
 vehicle seats. These personal safes meet Transportation Security Administration TSA airline firearm guidelines and
 fit comfortably in luggage when required by travel regulations. 

iii. 
 Vault
 Doors our U.S.-made vault doors combine style with theft and fire protection for a look that fits any decor. Newly-built,
 higher-end homes often add vault rooms and we believe our vault doors, which we designed to facilitate secure access to such vault
 rooms, provide ideal solutions for the protection of valuables and shelter from either storms or intruders. Whether it s in
 the context of a safe room, a shelter, or a place to consolidate valuables, our American Rebel in- and out-swinging vault doors provide
 maximum functionality to facilitate a secure vault room. American Rebel vault doors are constructed of 4 double steel
 plate thickness, A36 carbon steel panels with sandwiched fire insulation, a design that provides greater rigidity, security and fire
 protection. Active boltworks, which is the locking mechanism that bolts the safe door closed so that it cannot be pried open and
 three external hinges that support the weight of the door, are some of the features of the vault door. For safety and when the door
 is used for a panic or safe room, a quick release lever is installed inside the door. 

iv. 
 Dispensary
 Safes - our HG-INV Inventory Safe, a safe tailor-made for the cannabis community, provides cannabis and horticultural plant
 home growers a reliable and safe solution to protect their inventory. Designed with medical marijuana or recreational cannabis dispensaries
 in mind and increasing governmental and insurance industry regulation to lock inventory after hours, we believe our HG-INV Inventory
 Safe delivers a high-level user experience. 

Upcoming
Product Offerings 

To
further complement our diverse product offerings, we intend to introduce additional products in 2023 and 2024. Below is a summary of
potential upcoming product offerings: 

i.
Biometrics Safes we intend to introduce a line of handgun boxes with biometrics, WiFi and Bluetooth technologies. These Biometric
Safes have been designed, engineered and are ready for production. 

ii.
2A Lockers we have developed a unique steel lockbox with a 5-point locking mechanism to provide a secure place to lock up ammunition
and other items that may not require the safety and security of a safe, but prevents unauthorized access. We believe there is a strong
market for this product that is priced between 349 - 449 depending on the model. 

iii.
Wall Safes wall safes can be easily hidden and provide free storage space since they are able to be tucked into
the space between your wall and studs. 

iv. Economy Safe Line we are exploring enhancing our safe line through the introduction of entry level safes
built in North America to compete with other safes imported from overseas. 

7 

In
addition to introducing additional products to add to our existing lines, we are actively seeking acquisition opportunities to
diversify our product offerings and enhance stockholder value. 

Our
Competitive Strengths 

We
believe we are progressing toward long-term, sustainable growth, and our business has, and our future success will be driven by, the
following competitive strengths: 

Powerful Brand Identity we believe we have developed a distinctive brand that sets us apart from our competitors. This has contributed
significantly to the success of our business. Our brand is predicated on patriotism and quintessential American character: protecting
our loved ones. We strive to equip our safes with technologically advanced features that offer customers advanced security to provide
the peace of mind they need. Maintaining, protecting and enhancing the American Rebel brand is critical to expanding our
loyal enthusiasts base, network of dealers and other partners. Through our branded apparel and accessories, we seek to further enhance
our connection with the American Rebel community and share the values of patriotism and safety for which our Company stands for. We strive
to continue to meet their need for our safes and our success will depend largely on our ability to maintain customer trust, become a
gun safe storage leader and continue to provide high-quality safes. 

Product Design and Development our current safe model relies on time-tested features, such as Four-Way Active Boltworks,
pinning the door shut on all four sides (compared to Three-Way Bolt works, which is prevalent in many of our competitors 
safes), and benefits that would not often be available in our price point, including 12-gauge and heavier US-made steel. The sleek
exterior of our safes has garnered attention and earned the moniker from our dealers as the safe with an attitude. 
When we set out to enter the safe market, we wanted to offer a safe that we would want to buy, one that would get our attention and
provide excellent value for the cost. 

Focus on Product Performance - since the introduction of our first safes, we have maintained a singular focus on creating a full range
of safe, quality, reliable safes that were designed to help our customers keep their family and valuables safe at all times. We incorporate
advanced features into our safes that are designed to improve strength and durability. Key elements of our current model safes 
performance include: 

Double
Plate Steel Door - 4 Thick 

 Reinforced
Door Edge 7/16 Thick 

 Double-Steel
Door Casement 

 Steel
Walls 11-Gauge 

 Diameter
Door Bolts 1 Thick 

 Four-Way
Active Boltworks AR-50(14), AR-40(12), AR-30(10), AR-20(10), AR-15(8), AR-12(8) 

 Diamond-Embedded
Armor Plate 

Double Plate Steel Door is formed from two U.S.-made steel plates with fire insulation sandwiched inside. Thicker steel is placed on
the outside of the door while the inner steel provides additional door rigidity and attachment for the locking mechanism and bolt works.
The door edge is reinforced with up to four layers of laminated steel. Pursuant to industry-standard strength tests performed, this exclusive
design offers up to 16 times greater door strength and rigidity than the thin metal bent to look thick doors. 

Double-Steel Door Casement is formed from two or more layers of steel and is welded around the perimeter of the door opening. Pursuant
to industry-standard strength tests performed, it more than quadruples the strength of the door opening and provides a more secure and
pry-resistant door mounting. Our manufacturer installs a Double-Steel Door Casement on our safes. We believe the reinforced door
casement feature provides important security as the safe door is often a target for break-in attempts. 

Diamond-Embedded Armor Plate Industrial diamond is bonded to a tungsten steel alloy hard plate. Diamond is harder than either a cobalt
or carbide drill. If drilling is attempted the diamond removes the cutting edge from the drill, thus dulling the drill bit to where it
will not cut. 

Trusted Brand - we believe that we have developed a trusted brand with both retailers and consumers for delivering reliable, secure safe
solutions. 

Customer Satisfaction - we believe we have established a reputation for delivering high-quality safes and personal security products
in a timely manner, in accordance with regulatory requirements and our retailers delivery requirements and supporting our products
with a consistent merchandising and marketing message. We also believe that our high level of service, combined with strong consumer
demand for our products and our focused distribution strategy, produces substantial customer satisfaction and loyalty. We also believe
we have cultivated an emotional connection with the brand which symbolizes a lifestyle of freedom, rugged individualism, excitement and
a sense of bad boy rebellion. 

Proven Management Team - our founder and Chief Executive Officer, Charles A. Ross, Jr., has led the expansion and focus on the select
product line we offer today. We believe that Mr. Ross had an immediate and positive impact on our brand, products, team members, and
customers. Under Mr. Ross s leadership, we believe that we have built a strong brand and strengthened the management team. We are
refocusing on the profitability of our products, reinforcing the quality of safes to engage customers and drive sales. We believe our
management team possesses an appropriate mix of skills, broad range of professional experience, and leadership designed to drive board
performance and properly oversee the interests of the Company, including our long-term corporate strategy. Our management team also reflects
a balanced approach to tenure that will allow the Board to benefit from a mix of newer members who bring fresh perspectives and seasoned
directors who bring continuity and a deep understanding of our complex business. 

8 

Our
Growth Strategy 

Our
goal is to enhance our position as a designer, producer and marketer of premium safes and personal security products. We have established
plans to grow our business by focusing on three key areas: (1) organic growth and expansion in existing markets; (2) targeted strategic
acquisitions that increase our on-premise and online product offerings, distributor and retail footprint and/or have the ability to increase
and improve our manufacturing capabilities and output, and (3) expanding the scope of our operation activities to the dispensaries U.S.
community. 

We
have developed what we believe is a multi-pronged growth strategy, as described below, to help us capitalize on a sizable opportunity.
Through methodical sales and marketing efforts, we believe we have implemented several key initiatives we can use to grow our business
more effectively. We believe we made significant progress in 2022 in the largest growing segment of the safe industry, sales to
first-time buyers. We also intend to opportunistically pursue the strategies described below to continue our upward trajectory and enhance
stockholder value. Key elements of our strategy to achieve this goal are as follows: 

Organic
Growth and Expansion in Existing Markets - Build our Core Business 

The
cornerstone of our business has historically been our safe product offerings. We are focused on continuing to develop our home,
office and personal safe product lines. We are investing in adding what we believe are distinctive and advanced technological solutions
for our safes and protective product lines. 

We
are working to increase floor space dedicated to our safes and strengthen our online presence in order to expand our reach to new
enthusiasts and build our devoted American Rebel community. We intend to continue to endeavor to create and provide retailers and customers
with what we believe are responsible, safe, reliable and stylish products, and we expect to concentrate on tailoring our supply and distribution
logistics in response to the specific demands of our customers. 

9 

Additionally,
our Concealed Carry Product line and Safe line serve a large market segment. We believe that interest in safes increase,
as well as in our complimentary concealed carry backpacks and apparel as a byproduct, when interest of the general population in firearms
increase. To this extent, the FBI s National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS), which we believe serves as a proxy
for gun sales since a background check is generally needed to purchase a firearm, reported a record number of background checks in 2020,
39,695,315. The prior annual record for background checks was 2019 s 28,369,750. In 2021, there were 38,876,673 background checks
conducted, similar to that of 2020 s annual record which was 40 higher than the previous annual record in 2019. While we do not
expect this increase in background checks to necessarily translate to an equivalent number of additional safes purchased, we do believe
it might be an indicator of the increased demand in the safe market. In addition, certain states (such as Massachusetts, California,
New York and Connecticut) are starting to legislate new storage requirements in respect of firearms, which is expected to have a positive
impact on the sale of safes. 

We
continue to strive to strengthen our relationships and our brand awareness with our current distributors, dealers, manufacturers, specialty
retailers and consumers and to attract other distributors, dealers, and retailers. We believe that the success of our efforts depends
on the distinctive features, quality, and performance of our products; continued manufacturing capabilities and meeting demand for our
safes; the effectiveness of our marketing and merchandising programs; and the dedicated customer support. 

In
addition, we seek to improve customer satisfaction and loyalty by offering distinctive, high-quality products on a timely and cost-attractive
basis and by offering efficient customer service. We regard the features, quality, and performance of our products as the most important
components of our customer satisfaction and loyalty efforts, but we also rely on customer service and support for growing our business. 

Furthermore,
we intend to continue improving our business operations, including research and development, component sourcing, production processes,
marketing programs, and customer support. Thus, we are continuing our efforts to enhance our production by increasing daily production
quantities through equipment acquisitions, expanded shifts and process improvements, increased operational availability of our equipment,
reduced equipment down times, and increased overall efficiency. 

We
believe that by enhancing our brand recognition, our market share might grow correspondingly. Industry sources estimate that 70 million
to 80 million people in the United States own an aggregate of more than 400 million firearms, creating a large potential market for our
safes and personal security products. We are focusing on the premium segment of the market through the quality, distinctiveness, and
performance of our products; the effectiveness of our marketing and merchandising efforts; and the attractiveness of our competitive
pricing strategies. 

Targeted
Strategic Acquisitions for Long-term Growth 

We
are consistently evaluating and considering acquisition opportunities that fit our overall growth strategy as part of our corporate
mission to accelerate long-term value for our stockholders and create integrated value chains. 

Champion
Safe 

On
June 29, 2022, the Company entered into a stock and membership interest purchase agreement with Champion Safe Co., Inc., Superior Safe,
LLC, Safe Guard Security Products, LLC, Champion Safe De Mexico, S.A. de C.V. (the Champion Entities or Champion and Mr. Ray Crosby (the Seller (the Champion Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to
acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock and membership interests of the Champion Entities from the Seller. 

The
acquisition closed on July 29, 2022. Under the terms of the Champion Purchase Agreement, the Company paid the Seller (i) cash consideration
of approximately 9,150,000, along with (ii) cash deposits in the amount of 350,000, and (iii) reimbursed the Seller for approximately
 400,000 of agreed upon acquisitions and equipment purchases completed by the Seller and the Champion Entities since June 30, 2021. In
addition to the payments to the Seller, the Company paid costs on behalf of and specifically associated with the acquisition of Champion
and its integration into the Company s operations of 350,000; 200,000 was paid to our investment banker in analyzing the acquisition
and purchase of Champion prior to the purchase and subsequent financing in July as well as 150,000 paid to Champion s independent
PCAOB registered accounting firm to conduct their two years of audit and subsequent interim review reports. 

10 

Based
in Provo, Utah and founded in 1999, Champion Safe is what we believe to be one of the premier designers, manufacturers and marketers
of home and gun safes in North America. Champion Safe Co. has three safe lines, which we believe feature some of the most secure and
highest quality gun safes. 

Following
the acquisition, we operate Champion Safe in the same manner as it operated pre-acquisition. Champion Safe, Superior Safe and Safe Guard
Security Products are valuable and prominent identifiable brands in the safe industry. We plan to expand our manufacturing throughput
to fill our significant backlog of orders and aggressively open new dealer accounts. As a division of the combined company, Champion
Safe Company will shift its emphasis to growing revenue and increasing profitability of the combined company. 

We
believe the combined company will continue to benefit greatly from Champion founder Mr. Ray Crosby s vast experience
and expertise in the industry. Mr. Crosby is a foundational figure in the safe business with over 40 years of experience in the
industry. Mr. Crosby and his brother Jay founded Fort Knox Safe in 1982 and Liberty Safe, in 1988, which recently sold to a middle
market private investment firm for approximately 147.5 million. In 1999, Mr. Crosby founded Champion Safe, later expanding to
include Superior Safe and Safe Guard Security Products. Champion Safe employs over 60 employees in their Utah factory and over 150
employees in their Nogales, Mexico facility just south of the U.S. border. The majority of the midline and value priced safes
industry-wide are manufactured in China, but Mr. Crosby had the foresight to build his own facility in Mexico and utilize
American-made steel exclusively. Steep tariffs were imposed on China manufactured safes by the Trump administration and were
continued under the first half of the Biden administration. The prices of components for the made-in-China safes have dramatically
increased as well as the transportation costs to import these Chinese-made safes. Mr. Crosby s decision to build his own
facility in Mexico as opposed to importing Chinese-made safes has proven to be insightful and beneficial for Champion
Safe. 

Mr.
Crosby was eager to expand his manufacturing operation and seize upon the growth opportunities in the safe business. Working closing with
the American Rebel team, Mr. Crosby expanded his paint-line capacity and hinge assembly workstations. Mr. Crosby has experience in
many prior economic cycles and has found the safe business to be sound in good and bad economic times. Furthermore, the current emphasis
on safe storage and the capital infusion from American Rebel positions the Champion operation to grow its footprint. 

In
addition to the access to capital for Champion to grow its business, American Rebel will benefit from Champion s 350 dealers, nationwide
distribution network and seniority with buying groups and trade shows. American Rebel will also benefit from the increased Champion manufacturing
throughput as capacity restrictions have limited American Rebel s inventory and potential growth. The collaboration between Champion
and American Rebel management teams will focus on increased manufacturing efficiencies and volume expansion. 

Expanding
Scope of Operations Activities by Offering Servicing Dispensaries and Brand Licensing 

We
continually seek to target new consumer segments for our safes. As we believe that safes are becoming a must-have household appliance,
we strive to establish authenticity by selling our products to additional groups, and to expand our direct-to-consumer presence through
our website and our showroom in Lenexa, Kansas. 

Further,
we expect the cannabis dispensary industry to be a material growth segment for our business. Several cannabis dispensary operators have
expressed interest in the opportunity to help them with their inventory locking needs. Cannabis dispensaries have various insurance requirements
and local ordinances requiring them to secure their inventory when the dispensary is closed. Dispensary operators have been purchasing
gun safes and independently taking out the inside themselves to allow them to store cannabis inventory. Recognizing what seems to be
a growing need for cannabis dispensary operators, we have designed a safe tailor-made for the cannabis industry. With the legal cannabis
hyper-growth market expected to exceed 43 billion by 2025, and an increasing number of states where the growth and cultivation of cannabis
is legal (California, Colorado, Hawaii, Maine, Maryland, Michigan, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington),
we believe we are well positioned to address the need of dispensaries. American Rebel has a long list of dispensary operators, growers,
and processors interested in the Company s inventory control solutions. We believe that dispensary operators, growers, and processors
are another fertile new growth market for our Vault Doors products, as many in the cannabis space have chosen to install entire vault
rooms instead of individual inventory control safes the American Rebel Vault Door has been the choice for that purpose. 

11 

Further,
we believe that American Rebel has significant potential for branded products as a lifestyle brand. As the American Rebel Brand
continues to grow in popularity, we anticipate generating additional revenues from licensing fees earned from third parties who wish
to engage the American Rebel community. While the Company does not currently generate material revenues from licensing fees, our
management team believes the American Rebel brand name may in the future have significant licensing value to third parties that seek
the American Rebel name to brand their products to market to the American Rebel target demographic. For example, a tool manufacturer
that wants to pursue an alternative marketing plan for a different look and feel could license the American Rebel brand name for
their line of tools and market their tools under our distinct brand. This licensee would benefit from the strong American Rebel
brand with their second line of American Rebel branded tools as they would continue to sell both of the lines of tools. Conversely,
American Rebel could potentially also benefit as a licensee of products. If American Rebel determines a third party has designed,
engineered, and manufactured a product that would be a strong addition to the American Rebel catalog of products, American Rebel
could license that product from the third-party and sell the licensed product under the American Rebel brand. 

Our
website address is www.americanrebel.com. The information on our website is not part of this Annual Report, Form 10-K. 

Description
of Business 

Our
Company 

American
Rebel America s Patriotic Brand, operates primarily on designing and marketing branded safes and personal security and self-defense
products. Additionally, the Company designs and produces branded accessories and apparel, including with concealment pockets. 

We
believe that when it comes to their homes, consumers place a premium on their security and privacy. Our products are designed to offer
our customers convenient, efficient and secure home and personal safes from a provider that they can trust. We are committed to offering
products of enduring quality that allow customers to keep their valuable belongings protected and to express their patriotism and style,
which is synonymous with the American Rebel brand. 

Our
safes and personal security products are constructed primarily of U.S.-made steel. We believe our products are designed to safely store
firearms, as well as store our customers priceless keepsakes, family heirlooms and treasured memories and other valuables, and
we aim to make our products accessible at various sizes and price points for home use. We believe our products are designed for safety,
quality, reliability, features and performance. 

To
enhance the strength of our brand and drive product demand, we work with our manufacturing team and our suppliers to emphasize product quality and mechanical development in order to improve the performance and affordability of our
products while providing support to our distribution channel and consumers. We seek to sell products that offer features and
benefits of higher-end safes at mid-line price ranges. 

We
believe that safes are becoming a must-have appliance in a significant portion of households. We believe our current safes
provide safety, security, style and peace of mind at competitive prices. We are in the process of developing an additional value-line
model safe. Seventy percent of current industry-wide safe safes are from value-priced safes. 

In
addition to branded safes, we offer an assortment of personal security products as well as apparel and accessories for men and women
under the Company s American Rebel brand. Our backpacks utilize what we believe is a distinctive sandwich-method concealment pocket,
which we refer to as Personal Protection Pocket, to hold firearms in place securely and safely. The concealment pockets on our Freedom
2.0 Concealed Carry Jackets incorporate a silent operation opening and closing with the use of a magnetic closure. 

We
believe that we have the potential to continue to create a brand community presence around the core ideals and beliefs of America, in
part through our Chief Executive Officer, Charles A. Andy Ross, who has written, recorded and performs a number of songs
about the American spirit of independence. We believe our customers identify with the values expressed by our Chief Executive Officer
through the American Rebel brand. 

Through
our growing network of dealers, we promote and sell our products in select regional retailers and local specialty safe, sporting goods,
hunting and firearms stores, as well as online, including our website and e-commerce platforms such as Amazon.com. 

12 

Our
Products 

We
design, manufacture, market and sell branded safes and personal security products, including concealed carry/self-defense products,
and design and market an apparel line and complimentary accessories. We promote and sell our products primarily through retailers
using a dealer network, as well as online, through our website, and on Amazon.com, where customers can place an order for our
branded backpacks and apparel items. 

Safes 

We
offer a wide range of home, office and personal safe models, in a broad assortment of sizes, features and styles, which are constructed
with U.S.-made steel. Our safes exhibit the strength and rugged independence that America was built upon. American Rebel s design
makes keeping your firearms more secure in style. Products are marketed under the American Rebel brand. Although demand for our safes
is strong across all segments of our customers, including individuals and families who wish to protect their valuables, to collectors
and the dispensary servicing community, the demand for safe storage responsible solutions has been particularly strong among gun owners,
sportsmen, competitive shooters and hunters alike. We expect to benefit from increasing awareness of and need for safe storage of firearms
in future periods. 

Large
Safes 

Our
large safe collection consists of six safes in a range of sizes. All of our large safes share the same high-quality workmanship, are
constructed out of 11-gauge U.S.-made steel and feature a double plate steel door, double-steel door casements and reinforced door edges.
We believe that our large safes are ideal for storing valuables of significant size, and that they offer greater capacity for storage
and protection. Our safes offer a fully adjustable interior to fit our customers needs. Depending on the model, one side of the
interior may have shelves and the other side set up to accommodate long guns. The large safes are designed to be resistant to break-ins,
natural disasters and fire damage, and to prevent unauthorized access and to protect your family and their valuables. A large, highly
visible safe also is believed to act as a deterrent to any prospective thief. Safe storage is also top priority of our customer base
who seeks to responsibly secure their firearms. Whenever a new firearm is purchased, gun owners look for our premium solution to responsibly
secure them and protect their loved ones. 

Our
large safes selection includes the following: 

AR-50 

The
AR-50 is our biggest safe. The AR-50 safe is designed to be strong, rugged, constructed of 11-gauge American-made steel and maintains
capacity to comfortably store over 40 firearms comfortably. This premium gun safe with a double plate steel door, double-steel door casement
and reinforced door edge is designed to give our customers added security and peace of mind, with 75 minutes of fire protection at 1200
degrees Fahrenheit as well as a customized shelf solution and optional additional accessories to increase the capacity to hold firearms.
72 tall, 40 wide with a depth of 28.5 . 

AR-40 

The
AR-40 has the same footprint as the AR-50; however, it is 12 shorter with a capacity of over 30 firearms. This gun safe contains
a double plate steel door, double-steel door casement and reinforced door edge, designed to give our customers secure storage. It provides
75 minutes of fire protection at 1200 degrees Fahrenheit as well as a flexible shelving system to accommodate firearm storage. The dimensions
include 60 tall, 40 wide with a depth of 28.5 . 

13 

AR-30 

The
AR-30 offers nearly 50,000 cubic inches of storage. Built with the same strength and ruggedness as the AR-50 and AR-40 models, this safe
holds over 20 firearms. This gun safe contains a double plate steel door, double-steel door casement and reinforced door edge. It is
designed to give our customers the ability to store their firearms and valuables securely, with 75 minutes of fire protection at 1200
degrees Fahrenheit as well as offering optional add-on accessories to increase storage capacity. The dimensions include 60 tall,
34 wide with a depth of 24.5 . 

AR-20 

The
AR-20 shares the quality workmanship as the other sizes with a capacity for over 15 firearms. This gun safe contains a double plate steel
door, double-steel door casement and reinforced door edge is designed to prevent theft and provide protection from fire, flood and accidental
access, with 75 minutes of fire protection at 1200 degrees Fahrenheit as well as a customized shelving solution. The dimensions include
60 tall, 28 wide with a depth of 22.5 . 

AR-15 

The
AR-15 fits the bill for narrow spaces with room for over 10 firearms. Same quality construction as our other large safes including a
double plate steel door, double-steel door casement and reinforced door edge is designed to give our customers added security and peace
of mind, with 75 minutes of fire protection at 1200 degrees Fahrenheit as well as a customized shelving solution. The dimensions include
60 tall, 22 wide with a depth of 22.5 . 

AR-12 

The
AR-12 is our shortest safe. It is the perfect size to store AR rifles, handguns and personal valuables. It has a capacity of over 8 AR
rifles. Same quality construction as our other large safes including a double plate steel door, double-steel door casement and reinforced
door edge is designed to give our customers safe storage and peace of mind, with 75 minutes of fire protection at 1200 degrees Fahrenheit
as well as offering optional add-on accessories to increase storage capacity. The dimensions include 40 tall, 26 wide with
a depth of 23 . 

Personal
safes 

Our
compact safes, which come in two sizes, are a responsible solution to safely secure smaller valuables or handguns. The AR-110 weighs
5 pounds and is 9.5 x 6.5 x 1.75 . The AR-120 weighs 6 pounds and is 10.5 x 7.5 x 2.1875 . These
small, personal safes are easy to operate and carry as they fit into a briefcase, desk or under a vehicle seat. These personal safes
meet TSA airline firearm guidelines and fit comfortably in luggage where travel regulations require it. 

Vault
doors 

Our
U.S.-made Vault Doors combine style with theft and fire protection for a look that fits any decor. Designed to offer superior protection,
vault rooms provide an ideal solution for the protection of the family and any valuables. Newly-built, higher-end homes often add vault
rooms and we believe our vault doors, which we designed to facilitate secure access to such vault rooms, provide ideal solutions for
the protection of valuables and shelter from either storms or intruders. Whether it is a safe room, a shelter, or a place to consolidate
valuables, our American Rebel In-Swinging and Out-Swinging Vault Doors provide maximum functionality to a secure vault room. American
Rebel vault doors are constructed of two thick, A36 carbon steel panels with sandwiched fire insulation, a design that provides greater
rigidity, security and fire protection. The active boltworks and three external hinges are some of the features of the vault door. For
safety and to use the door for a panic or safe room door, a quick release lever is installed inside the door. 

14 

Dispensaries 

Our
inventory control safe, the HG-INV Inventory Safe, provides cannabis dispensaries a reliable and safe solution. With wide-spread legalization,
medical marijuana or recreational cannabis dispensaries face increasing government regulation and insurance requirements to lock their
inventory after hours. Our HG-INV Inventory Safe delivers a higher level user experience with customized shelving and our inventory notation
system. The HG-INV has been introduced to the dispensary industry through trade show appearances and many of our dealers are actively
cultivating dispensary business. Expanding our marketing of the HG-INV can open new markets to American Rebel. 

Personal
Security 

Concealed
Carry Backpacks consist of an assortment of sizes, features and styles. Our XL, Large, and Medium concealed carry backpacks feature
our proprietary Personal Protection Pocket which utilizes a sandwich method to keep handguns secure and in the desired
and easily accessible position. The sandwich method is comprised of two foam pads that surround or sandwich the firearm in place. The
user can access the isolated Protection Pocket from either side of the backpack. We believe these distinctive concealed carry products
are designed for everyday use while keeping your firearm concealed, safe and easily accessible. 

The
Extra-Large Freedom and Cartwright CCW Backpack 

Our
largest concealed carry backpack offers ample storage, including a dedicated top loading laptop pouch and additional tablet sleeve. Both
compartments are padded to protect your devices. Two large open compartments make this backpack practical for carrying documents and
folders or whatever you need to tote from one place to another. Our proprietary Protection Pocket allows quick and easy
access to your handgun from either side. Multiple interior compartments are strategically placed to secure extra magazines and accessories.
Available in the Freedom and Cartwright style as well as a variety of trim color options. 

Large
Freedom and Cartwright CCW Backpack 

Our
most popular concealed carry backpack. This backpack offers ample storage, including a dedicated top loading laptop pouch and an additional
tablet sleeve. Both compartments are padded to protect your devices. The size of the main compartment opening makes this backpack practical
for carrying documents, folders or whatever you need to tote from one place to another. Includes our proprietary Protection Pocket 
and is available in the Freedom and Cartwright style as well as a variety of trim color options. 

Medium
Freedom CCW Backpack 

This
medium-sized backpack is designed for those who look to be more streamlined. This backpack offers ample storage, including a dedicated
top loading laptop/tablet compartment and two liquid container pouches. The laptop/tablet compartment is padded to protect your devices.
The main compartment is practical for carrying documents and folders or whatever you need for everyday use. Includes our proprietary
 Protection Pocket . Available in a variety of trim color options. 

Small
Plus CCW Backpack 

Our
small one-strap concealed carry backpack is designed for use while running, jogging, biking or riding a motorcycle. Our concealment pocket
contains a holster and attaches to the interior with hook and loop material. Soft fleece lined pockets for your tablet, glasses case
and accessories are also included. Available in dark blue or in our signature patriotic We The People design. 

Small
Freedom CCW Backpack 

This
one strap pack also contains a holster and attaches to the interior with hook and loop material. There is also plenty of room for a small
tablet, cell phone, chargers and other necessities. Available in a variety of trim color options. 

15 

Apparel 

We
offer a wide range of concealed carry jackets, vests and coats for men and women, including our Freedom Jacket 2.0 which incorporates
a significant advance in the operation of the concealment pocket. We also proudly offer patriotic apparel for the whole family, with
the imprint of the American Rebel brand. Our apparel line serves as point man for the brand, often the first exposure that
people have to all things American Rebel. Our branded apparel line is forever relevant, current and bold. We place emphasis on styling
that complements our enthusiast customers lifestyle, representing the values of our community and quintessential American character.
The American Rebel clothing line style is not only a fashion statement; it is the sense of pride of belonging to our patriotic family,
on your adventures and in life. Our apparel collection consists of the following: 

Cartwright
Coats and Vests 

Engineered
for comfort, warmth, and versatility and mobility. Our Cartwright Concealed Carry Coats and Vests are designed with purpose and informed
by the rugged demands of the everyday hard worker. Its quality construction and workmanship are designed to keep you warm and shielded
from the elements. Left-hand and right-hand concealment pocket access provides for secure and safe concealment of your firearm with easy
access on either side. 

Freedom
2.0 Jackets and Vests for men and women 

Our
lightweight jackets collection is designed with magnetic pocket closures for silent, secure and safe concealment. Our lightweight jackets
are crafted to facilitate easy firearm access for both right-handed and left-handed carriers. 

American
Rebel T-Shirts Collection 

American
Rebel s T-shirts collection is created to liberate the spirit of an endless summer inside everyone and to embrace their patriotism. 

16 

Competition 

The
North American safe industry is dominated by a small number of companies. We compete primarily on the quality, safety, reliability, features,
performance, brand awareness, and price of our products. Our primary competitors include companies such as Liberty Safe, Fort Knox Security
Products, American Security, Sturdy Safe Company, Homeland Security Safes, SentrySafe and as well as certain other domestic manufacturers,
as well as certain China-based manufactured safes. Safes manufactured in China, including Steelwater and Alpha-Guardian, have struggled
under the import tariffs initiated under the administration of former U.S President Donald Trump and continued during the first half of the current administration.
We believe that given the current substantial uncertainty related to the supply chain and delivery of international goods, we have a
competitive advantage because our safes are not manufactured overseas. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our brand and technology,
defend and enforce our intellectual property rights, preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets, operate our business without
infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property or proprietary rights of third parties and prevent third
parties from infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of patent,
copyright and trade secret laws in the United States to protect our proprietary technology. We also rely on a number of United States
registered, pending and common law trademarks to protect our brand American Rebel . 

On
May 29, 2018, US Patent No. 9,984,552, Firearm Detecting Luggage, was issued to us. The term of the patent is 20 years from the issuance
date. In addition to our patent, we rely upon unpatented trade secrets and know-how and continuing technological development and maintain
our competitive position. Trade secrets and know-how, however, can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary information,
in part, by entering into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees and independent contractors. 

Regulation 

The
storage of firearms and ammunition is subject to increasing federal, state and local governmental laws. While the current legislative
climate does not appear to seek to limit possession of firearms, there is apparent momentum to require safe storage of firearms and ammunition.
Although our safes, which are the primary driver of our sales and revenues, are designed to protect any valuables, a significant number
of our safes end users have traditionally been gun enthusiasts, collectors, hunters, sportsmen and competitive shooters. Therefore,
we expect the increasing federal, state and local governmental regulation of gun storage to have a materially positive effect on our
business. 

Our
Customers 

We
primarily market and sell our products to safe-only specialty stores and independent gun stores nationwide. We also sell our products
online to individuals desiring home, personal and office protection, as well as to recreational shooters and hunters. Our customers choose
us for a number of reasons, including the breadth and availability of the products we offer, our extensive expertise, and the quality
of our customer service. 

We
believe the nature of our solutions and our high-touch customer service model strengthens relationships, builds loyalty and drives repeat
business as our customers businesses expand. In addition, we feel as if our premium product lines and comprehensive product portfolio
position us well to meet our customers needs. Furthermore, we fully anticipate that we will be able to leverage all of the data
that we are collecting from our existing customer base to make continuous improvements to our offerings and better serve our current
and new customers in the future. 

We
intend to expand our distribution to sporting goods stores, farm and home stores, other independent retailers as well as our online customer
base upon securing additional funding and expanding our manufacturing facilities. 

17 

Suppliers 

We
are dependent on the continued supply of materials for the manufacturing of our safes, as well as the continued supply and
manufacturing of backpacks and apparel at third-party facilities locations, which are critical to our success. Any event that causes
a disruption of the operation of these facilities for even a relatively short period of time would adversely affect our ability to
ship and deliver our safes and other products and to provide service to our customers. We have previously experienced, including
during the first months after the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, and may in the future experience, launch and production ramp up
delays for our products as a result of disruption at our suppliers and our suppliers manufacturing partners. Additionally, we
have to date fully qualified only a very limited number of such suppliers and have limited flexibility in changing suppliers. Any
disruption in the supply of materials for our branded safes from our suppliers could limit our sales. 

Furthermore,
the cost of safes depends in part upon the prices and availability of raw manufacturing
materials such as steel, locks, fireboard, hinges, pins and other metals. The prices for these materials fluctuate and their available
supply may be unstable, depending on market conditions and global demand for these materials, including as a result of increased global
production of electric vehicles and energy storage products. Any reduced availability of these materials may impact our access to these
parts and any increases in their prices may reduce our profitability if we cannot recoup the increased costs through increased safe prices.
Moreover, any such attempts to increase product prices may harm our brand, prospects and operating results. 

We
currently rely on third-party suppliers to ship our products to our customers. We have found that dedicated truckloads from our warehouse
to our dealers reduce freight damage and provide the overall best shipping solution. Several companies offer dedicated truckload shipping.
Increased sales will offer the opportunity to establish regional distribution centers. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
market our products to consumers through independent safe specialty stores, select national and regional retailers, local specialty firearms
stores, as well as via e-commerce. We maintain consumer-focused product marketing and promotional campaigns, which include print and
digital advertising campaigns; social and electronic media; product demonstrations; point-of-sales materials; in-store training; and
in-store retail merchandising. Our use of social media includes Facebook, and YouTube. 

Marketing
Team Aligned with Sales Force to Maximize Our Industry Visibility to Drive Revenue 

Our
Chief Executive Officer, Charles A. Ross, is familiar to many in the industry due to his twelve years on television as the host of Maximum
Archery World Tour and later American Rebel, that was broadcast on The Outdoor Channel, Sportsman Channel and the Pursuit
Channel. Our Marketing and Sales teams have established American Rebel as a brand that our customers want and a brand that they are proud
to embrace and bring into their homes. 

Direct
Marketing 

In
light of the expertise required to deliver and install safes that weigh 500-1000 pounds, direct marketing is utilized to create awareness
and provide information. Our website, AmericanRebel.com, has proven to be a very valuable tool in introducing potential customers to
our products. Infomercials and direct-to-consumer campaigns are vehicles to expand our reach at the appropriate time. Currently the demand
from our current customers and future customer pool of independent safe specialty stores is high. As the Company grows and seeks out
new customers to expand its customer base, direct marketing will be an asset for American Rebel. Chief Executive Officer, Charles A.
Ross, was basically making infomercials to promote his Ross Archery products when he was filming Maximum Archery World Tour during
the mid-2000s. 

18 

Social
Media and Thought Leadership 

A
portion of marketing dollars will be directed to social media. American Rebel and Chief Executive Officer Charles A. Ross have large
followings on social media and a dedicated social media campaign will efficiently reach large numbers of potential customers and brand
adopters. We will leverage our social media assets to cross-promote locally with independent safe specialty store customers to pull out
product through the sales channel. Driving demand and awareness of our products to our customers will expand their loyalty to American
Rebel and increase each stores commitment to our brand. 

Trade
Shows 

Trade
shows have been an important medium to introducing our brand and our products. The NRA Annual Meeting, a consumer trade show, is a valuable
opportunity to meet and greet our final customers. When we launched our Concealed Carry line of products at the NRA Annual Meeting in
Atlanta, GA, in the Spring of 2017, the response from the meeting attendees was overwhelming. We immediately knew the product line resonated
with consumers. Similarly, when we introduced our line of safes at the 2019 NRA Annual Meeting in the Spring of 2019, we knew we were
on to something significant. The USCCA (United States Concealed Carry Association) has an annual Concealed Carry and Home Defense Expo.
This is also an excellent opportunity to meet, greet and sell product to our final customers, the buying public. The Iowa Deer Classic
and Illinois Deer Classic are carryovers from our Chief Executive Officer Charles A. Ross hosting duties on Maximum Archery
World Tour , but we have found that many potential safe buyers attend these shows. 

Three
industry-only trade shows we attend are the SHOT Show, Nation s Best Sports (NBS) Spring and Fall Buying Markets, and the Sports,
Inc trade show. The SHOT Show is very high-profile show that most movers and shakers in the firearms industry attend. Operated by the
National Shooting Sports Foundation, the SHOT Show is the first trade show of the calendar year and is a great opportunity to introduce
the year s new products. NBS operates buying group shows where retailers who are members of NBS attend the Spring and Fall Market
Buying shows to place orders. NBS provides an excellent base of customers for us to introduce our products to. Sports, Inc. is also a
buying group show where retailers who are members of Sports, Inc. attend to make purchases from attending vendors. 

Paid
Advertising 

We
will occasionally purchase paid print advertising to support editorial and events. The American Shooting Journal has been very supportive
of our business has featured an interview with our Chief Executive Officer in one of past issues of the magazine. 

Legal
Proceedings 

There
are no proceedings to which any director or officer, or any associate of any such director or officer, is a party that is adverse to
our Company or any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries. No director or executive
officer has been a director or executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy petition or had a bankruptcy petition filed
against it during the past ten years. No current director or executive officer has been convicted of a criminal offense or is the subject
of a pending criminal proceeding during the past ten years. No current director or executive officer has been the subject of any order,
judgment or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any
type of business, securities or banking activities during the past ten years. No current director or officer has been found by a court
to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law during the past ten years. 

From
time to time, however, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business.
Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. 

Corporate
History 

The
Company was incorporated on December 15, 2014, under the laws of the State of Nevada, as CubeScape, Inc. Effective January 5, 2017, the
Company amended its articles of incorporation and changed its name to American Rebel Holdings, Inc. The Company completed a business
combination with its majority stockholder, American Rebel, Inc. on June 19, 2017. As a result, American Rebel, Inc. became a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company. On July 29, 2022, the Company closed on its acquisition of the Champion Entities. 

ITEM
1A. Risk Factors 

The
following risk factors should be considered in connection with an evaluation of our business: 

In
addition to other information in this Annual Report, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating our
business because such factors may have a significant impact on our business, operating results, liquidity and financial condition.
As a result of the risk factors set forth below, actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking
statements. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently consider to be immaterial, may also
impact our business, result of operations, liquidity and financial condition. If any such risks occur, our business, operating
results, liquidity and financial condition could be materially affected in an adverse manner. Under such circumstances, if and when
a trading market for our securities is established, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you may lose all or part
of your investment. 

19 

OUR
SECURITIES INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK AND, THEREFORE, SHOULD BE CONSIDERED EXTREMELY SPECULATIVE. THEY SHOULD NOT BE PURCHASED BY
PERSONS WHO CANNOT AFFORD THE POSSIBILITY OF THE LOSS OF THE ENTIRE INVESTMENT. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY 

Our
success depends upon our ability to introduce new products that track customer preferences. 

Our
success depends upon our ability to introduce new products that track consumer preferences. Our efforts to introduce new products into
the market may not be successful, and new products that we introduce may not result in customer or market acceptance. We develop new
products that we believe will match consumer preferences. The development of a new product is a lengthy and costly process and may not
result in the development of a marketable or profitable product. Failure to develop new products that are attractive to consumers could
decrease our sales, operating margins, and market share and could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Our
business depends on maintaining and strengthening our brand, as well as our reputation as a producer of high-quality goods, to maintain
and generate ongoing demand for our products, and any harm to our brand could result in a significant reduction in such demand which
could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

The
 American Rebel name and brand image are integral to the growth of our business, as well as to the implementation of our
strategies for expanding our business. Our success depends on the value and reputation of our brand, which, in turn, depends on factors
such as the quality, design, performance, functionality and durability of our products, e-commerce sales and retail partner floor spaces,
our communication activities, including advertising, social media and public relations, and our management of the customer experience,
including direct interfaces through customer service. Maintaining, promoting, and positioning our brand are important to expanding our
customer base and will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts and our ability to provide consistent,
high-quality consumer experiences. To sustain long-term growth, we must continue to successfully promote our products to consumers, as
well as other individuals, who value and identify with our brand. 

Ineffective
marketing, negative publicity, product diversion to unauthorized distribution channels, product or manufacturing defects, and those and
other factors could rapidly and severely diminish customer confidence in us. Maintaining and enhancing our brand image are important
to expanding our customer base. If we are unable to maintain or enhance our brand in current or new markets, or if we fail to continue
to successfully market and sell our products to our existing customers or expand our customer base, our growth strategy and results of
operations could be harmed. 

Additionally,
independent third parties and consumers often review our products as well as those of our competitors. Perceptions of our offerings in
the marketplace may be significantly influenced by these reviews, which are disseminated via various media, including the Internet. If
reviews of our products are negative, or less positive as compared to those of our competitors, our brand may be adversely affected and
our results of operations materially harmed. 

As
a significant portion of our revenues is derived by demand for our safes and personal security products for firearms storage purposes,
we depend on the availability and regulation of firearm/ammunition storage, as well as various economic, social and political factors. 

Our
performance is influenced by a variety of economic, social, and political factors. General economic conditions and consumer spending
patterns can negatively impact our operating results. Economic uncertainty, unfavorable employment levels, declines in consumer confidence,
increases in consumer debt levels, increased commodity prices, and other economic factors may affect consumer spending on discretionary
items and adversely affect the demand for our products. In times of economic uncertainty, consumers tend to defer expenditures for discretionary
items, which affects demand for our products. Any substantial deterioration in general economic conditions that diminish consumer confidence
or discretionary income could reduce our sales and adversely affect our operating results. Economic conditions also affect governmental
political and budgetary policies. As a result, economic conditions also can have an effect on the sale of our products to law enforcement,
government, and military customers. 

Political
and other factors also can affect our performance. Concerns about presidential, congressional, and state elections and legislature and
policy shifts resulting from those elections can affect the demand for our products. As most of our revenue is generated from sales of
safes, which are purchased in large numbers for firearms storage, speculation surrounding control of firearms, firearm products, and
ammunition at the federal, state, and local level and heightened fears of terrorism and crime can affect consumer demand for our products.
Often, such concerns result in an increase in near-term consumer demand and subsequent softening of demand when such concerns subside.
Inventory levels in excess of customer demand may negatively impact operating results and cash flow. 

Federal
and state legislatures frequently consider legislation relating to the regulation of firearms, including amendment or repeal of existing
legislation. Existing laws may also be affected by future judicial rulings and interpretations firearm products, ammunition, and safe
gun storage. If such restrictive changes to legislation develop, we could find it difficult, expensive, or even impossible to comply
with them, impeding new product development and distribution of existing products. 

20 

Shortages
of components and materials, as well as supply chain disruptions, may delay or reduce our sales and increase our costs, thereby harming
our results of operations. 

The
inability to obtain sufficient quantities of raw materials and components, including those necessary for the production of our products
could result in reduced or delayed sales or lost orders. Any delay in or loss of sales or orders could adversely impact our operating
results. Many of the materials used in the production of our products are available only from a limited number of suppliers. We do not
have long-term supply contracts with any suppliers. As a result, we could be subject to increased costs, supply interruptions, and difficulties
in obtaining raw materials and components. 

Our
reliance on third-party suppliers for various raw materials and components for our products exposes us to volatility in the availability,
quality, and price of these raw materials and components. Our orders with certain of our suppliers may represent a very small portion
of their total orders. As a result, they may not give priority to our business, leading to potential delays in or cancellation of our
orders. A disruption in deliveries from our third-party suppliers, capacity constraints, production disruptions, price increases, or
decreased availability of raw materials or commodities could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers
or increase our operating costs. Quality issues experienced by third party suppliers can also adversely affect the quality and effectiveness
of our products and result in liability and reputational harm. 

We
do not have long-term purchase commitments from our customers, and their ability to cancel, reduce, or delay orders could reduce our
revenue and increase our costs. 

Our
customers do not provide us with firm, long-term volume purchase commitments, but instead issue purchase orders for our products as needed.
As a result, customers can cancel purchase orders or reduce or delay orders at any time. The cancellation, delay, or reduction of customer
purchase orders could result in reduced sales, excess inventory, unabsorbed overhead, and reduced income from operations. 

We
often schedule internal production levels and place orders for products with third party manufacturers before receiving firm orders from
our customers. Therefore, if we fail to accurately forecast customer demand, we may experience excess inventory levels or a shortage
of products to deliver to our customers. Factors that could affect our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products include
the following: 

an
 increase or decrease in consumer demand for our products or for the products of our competitors; 

our
 failure to accurately forecast consumer acceptance of new products; 

new
 product introductions by us or our competitors; 

changes
 in our relationships within our distribution channels; 

changes
 in general market conditions or other factors, which may result in cancellations of orders or a reduction or increase in the rate
 of reorders placed by retailers; 

changes
 in laws and regulations governing the activities for which we sell products, such as hunting and shooting sports; and 

changes
 in laws and regulations regarding the possession and sale of medical or recreational controlled- substances. 

Inventory
levels in excess of consumer demand may result in inventory write-downs and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices, which
could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. If we underestimate demand for our products,
our suppliers may not be able to react quickly enough to meet consumer demand, resulting in delays in the shipment of products and lost
revenue, and damage to our reputation and customer and consumer relationships. We may not be able to manage inventory levels successfully
to meet future order and reorder requirements. 

21 

We
face intense competition that could result in our losing or failing to gain market share and suffering reduced sales. 

We
operate in intensely competitive markets that are characterized by price erosion and competition from major domestic and international
companies. Competition in the markets in which we operate is based on a number of factors, including price, quality, performance, reliability,
styling, product features, and warranties, and sales and marketing programs. This intense competition could result in pricing pressures,
lower sales, reduced margins, and lower market share. 

Our
competitors include nationwide safe manufacturers and various smaller manufacturers and importers. Most of our competitors have greater
market recognition, larger customer bases, and substantially greater financial, technical, marketing, distribution, and other resources
than we possess and that afford them competitive advantages. As a result, they may be able to devote greater resources to the promotion
and sale of products, to invest more funds in intellectual property and product development, to negotiate lower prices for raw materials
and components, to deliver competitive products at lower prices, and to introduce new products and respond to consumer requirements more
quickly than we can. 

Our
competitors could introduce products with superior features at lower prices than our products and could also bundle existing or new products
with other more established products to compete with us. Certain of our competitors may be willing to reduce prices and accept lower
profit margins to compete with us. Our competitors could also gain market share by acquiring or forming strategic alliances with other
competitors. 

Finally,
we may face additional sources of competition in the future because new distribution methods offered by the Internet and electronic commerce
have removed many of the barriers to entry historically faced by start-up companies. Retailers also demand that suppliers reduce their
prices on products, which could lead to lower margins. Any of the foregoing effects could cause our sales to decline, which would harm
our financial position and results of operations. 

Our
ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, both within and outside our control. These factors include the following: 

our
 success in developing, producing, marketing, and successfully selling new products; 

our
 ability to efficiently manage our operations; 

our
 ability to implement our strategies and business plans; 

our
 ability to achieve future operating results; 

our
 ability to address the needs of our consumer customers; 

the
 pricing, quality, performance, and reliability of our products; 

the
 quality of our customer service; 

the
 efficiency of our production; and 

product
 or technology introductions by our competitors. 

Because
we believe technological and functional distinctions among competing products in our markets are perceived by many end-user consumers
to be relatively modest, effectiveness in marketing and manufacturing are particularly important competitive factors in our business. 

22 

We
have a limited operating history on which you can evaluate our company. 

We
have a limited operating history on which you can evaluate our company. The corporate entity has existed since 2014 and started
engaging in its current primary business operations in April 2019. As a result, our business has been subject to many of the
problems, expenses, delays, and risks inherent in the establishment of a relatively new business enterprise. 

We
have a limited operating history upon which an evaluation of our business plan or performance and prospects can be made. Our business
and prospects must be considered in the light of the potential problems, delays, uncertainties and complications encountered in connection
with a newly established business and creating a new line of products. The risks include, in part, the possibility that we will not be
able to develop functional and scalable products, or that although functional and scalable, our products and will not be economical to
market; that our competitors hold proprietary rights that preclude us from marketing such products; that our competitors market a superior
or equivalent product; that our competitors have such a significant advantage in brand recognition that our products will not be considered
by potential customers; that we are not able to upgrade and enhance our technologies and products to accommodate new features as the
market evolves; or the failure to receive necessary regulatory clearances for our products. To successfully introduce and market our
products at a profit, we must establish brand name recognition and competitive advantages for our products. There are no assurances that
we can successfully address these challenges. If it is unsuccessful, we and our business, financial condition and operating results could
be materially and adversely affected. 

The
current and future expense levels are based largely on estimates of planned operations and future revenues. It is difficult to accurately
forecast future revenues because our business is relatively new, and our market is rapidly developing. If our forecasts prove incorrect,
the business, operating results and our financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. Moreover, we may be unable to
adjust our spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unanticipated reduction in revenue. As a result, any significant reduction
in revenues would immediately and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We
are highly dependent on Charles A. Ross, our Chief Executive Officer. The loss of our Chief Executive Officer, whose knowledge, leadership
and industry reputational upon which we rely, could harm our ability to execute our business plan. 

We are highly dependent on Charles
A. Ross, our Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of our board of directors (the Board or Board of Directors and largest stockholder. Our success depends heavily upon the continued contributions of Mr. Ross, whose leadership, industry reputation
entrepreneurial background and creative marketing skills may be difficult to replace at this stage in our business development, and on
our ability to attract and retain similarly positioned prominent leaders. If we were to lose the services of our Chief Executive Officer,
our ability to execute our business plan may be harmed and we may be forced to limit operations until such time as we could hire suitable
replacements. 

We
cannot predict when we will achieve profitability. 

We
have not been profitable and cannot predict when or if we will achieve profitability. We have experienced net losses since our inception
in December 2014. 

We
cannot predict when we will achieve profitability, if ever. Our inability to become profitable may force us to curtail or temporarily
discontinue our research and development programs and our day-to-day operations. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that profitability,
if achieved, can be sustained on an ongoing basis. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 34,112,810. 

We
have limited financial resources. Our independent registered auditors report includes an explanatory paragraph stating that there
is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern . 

We
have recorded net losses since inception and have significant accumulated deficits. We have relied upon loans and equity financings for
operating capital. Total revenues will be insufficient to pay off existing debt and fund operations. We may be required to rely on further
debt financing, further loans from related parties, and private placements of our common and preferred stock for our additional cash
needs. Such funding sources may not be available, or the terms of such funding sources may not be acceptable to the Company. 

23 

American
Rebel has limited financial resources. There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern if we are unable to
raise additional funds . 

We
expect to require additional funds to further develop our business plan, including the anticipated launch of new products, in addition
to continuing to market our safes and concealed carry product line. Since it is impossible to predict with certainty the timing and amount
of funds required to establish profitability, we anticipate that we will need to raise additional funds through equity or debt offerings
or otherwise in order to meet our expected future liquidity requirements. Any such financing that we undertake may be dilutive to existing
stockholders. 

The
sales of our safes are dependent in large part on the sales of firearms. 

We
market safes and other personal security products for sale to a wide variety of consumers. Although our customer base is large and diverse,
and our products serve our customers different needs, our products have been particularly popular among collectors, hunters, sportsmen,
competitive shooters, and gun enthusiasts. The sale of safe firearms storage and security components is influenced by the sale and usage
of firearms. Sales of firearms are influenced by a variety of economic, social, and political factors, which may result in volatile sales. 

Our
financial results may be affected by tariffs or border adjustment taxes or other import restrictions. 

Our
current backpack and apparel suppliers have facilities both in China and Mexico and the imposition of tariffs or border adjustment taxes
may affect our financial results. The current political climate is hostile to companies manufacturing goods outside of the US. At the
current manufacturing levels, it is impractical to seek manufacturing facilities in the United States as US manufacturers are unable
to meet or even approach the cost of manufacturing small quantities of custom-made goods. We are in the process of locating an alternative
supplier which will have the capacity to produce commercial volumes of our backpacks and apparel to meet our expected demands. However,
we have not yet located a suitable supplier and, even if we are able to do so, there is no guarantee that our manufacturing process will
scale to produce our products in quantities sufficient to meet demand. 

An
inability to expand our e-commerce business and sales organization to effectively address existing and new markets that we intend to
target could reduce our future growth and impact our business and operating results. 

Consumers
are increasingly purchasing products online. We operate a direct-to-consumer e-commerce store to maintain an online presence with our
end users. The future success of our online operations depends on our ability to use our marketing resources to communicate with existing
and potential customers. We face competitive pressure to offer promotional discounts, which could impact our gross margin and increase
our marketing expenses. We are limited, however, in our ability to fully respond to competitor price discounting because we cannot market
our products at prices that may produce adverse relationships with our customers that operate brick and mortar locations as they may
perceive themselves to be at a disadvantage based on lower e-commerce pricing to end consumers. There is no assurance that we will be
able to successfully expand our e-commerce business to respond to shifting consumer traffic patterns and direct-to-consumer buying trends. 

In
addition, e-commerce and direct-to-consumer operations are subject to numerous risks, including implementing and maintaining appropriate
technology to support business strategies; reliance on third-party computer hardware/software and service providers; data breaches; violations
of state, federal or international laws, including those relating to firearms and ammunition sales; online privacy; credit card fraud;
telecommunication failures; electronic break-ins and similar disruptions; and disruption of Internet service. Our inability to adequately
respond to these risks and uncertainties or to successfully maintain and expand our direct-to-consumer business may have an adverse impact
on our business and operating results. 

24 

We
sell products that create exposure to potential product liability, warranty liability, or personal injury claims and litigation. 

Our
products are used to store, in part, items that involve risk of personal injury and death. Our products expose us to potential product
liability, warranty liability, and personal injury claims and litigation relating to the use or misuse of our products, including allegations
of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product or activities associated with the
product, negligence, and strict liability. If successful, any such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results, and financial condition. Defects in our products may result in a loss of sales, recall expenses, delay in market acceptance,
and damage to our reputation and increased warranty costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results,
and financial condition. Although we maintain product liability insurance in amounts that we believe are reasonable, we may not be able
to maintain such insurance on acceptable terms, if at all, in the future and product liability claims may exceed the amount of insurance
coverage. In addition, our reputation may be adversely affected by such claims, whether or not successful, including potential negative
publicity about our products. 

Despite
the Company s indebtedness levels, we are able to incur substantially more debt. This could further increase the risks associated
with its leverage. 

We
may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, although certain terms of current debt agreements prohibit us from doing
so. To the extent that we incur additional indebtedness, the risks associated with its substantial indebtedness describe above, including
its possible inability to service its debt, will increase. 

At
this stage of our business operations, even with our good faith efforts, investors in our company may lose some or all of their investment. 

Because
the nature of our business is expected to change as a result of shifts in the industries in which we operate, competition, and the development
of new and improved technology, management forecasts are not necessarily indicative of future operations and should not be relied upon
as an indication of future performance. Further, we have raised substantial debt and equity to fund our business operations, which to
date have generated insufficient revenue to support our working capital needs. 

While
management believes its estimates of projected occurrences and events are within the timetable of its business plan, our actual results
may differ substantially from those that are currently anticipated. If our revenues do not increase to a level to support our working
capital needs, we will be forced to seek equity capital to fund our operations and repay our substantial debt balances, which may not
be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 

25 

Product
defects could adversely affect the results of our operations. 

The
design, manufacture and marketing of our products involve certain inherent risks. Manufacturing or design defects, unanticipated use
of our products, or inadequate disclosure of risks relating to the use of our products can lead to injury or other adverse events. The
Company may not properly anticipate customer applications of our products and our products may fail to survive such unanticipated customer
use. If the Company s products fail to adequately perform to meet the customer s expectations, the customer may demand refunds
or replacements which will negatively affect the Company s profitability. 

We
could be exposed to significant liability claims if we are unable to obtain insurance at acceptable costs and adequate levels or otherwise
protect ourselves against potential product liability claims. 

Our
products support the use and access to firearms and if our products are ineffective, we could require protection against potential product
liability claims. 

We
will not be profitable unless we can demonstrate that our products can be manufactured at low prices. 

To
date, we have manufactured our products in limited volume. As the Company creates demand for its products, our projections require the
benefit of volume discounts as we increase the size of our order. We can offer no assurance that either we or our manufacturing partners
will develop efficient, automated, low-cost manufacturing capabilities and processes to meet the quality, price, engineering, design
and production standards or production volumes required to successfully mass market our products. Even if we or our manufacturing partners
are successful in developing such manufacturing capability and processes, we do not know whether we or they will be timely in meeting
our product commercialization schedule or the production and delivery requirements of potential customers. A failure to develop such
manufacturing processes and capabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

Our
profitability in part is dependent on material and other manufacturing costs. We are unable to offer any assurance that either we or
a manufacturing partner will be able to reduce costs to a level that will allow production of a competitive product or that any product
produced using lower cost materials and manufacturing processes will not suffer from a reduction in performance, reliability and longevity. 

War,
terrorism, other acts of violence or natural or manmade disasters such as a pandemic, epidemic, outbreak of an infectious disease or
other public health crisis may affect the markets in which the Company operates, the Company s customers, the Company s delivery
of products and customer service, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

Our
business and supply chain may be adversely affected by instability, disruption or destruction in a geographic region in which it operates,
regardless of cause, including war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest, and natural or manmade disasters, including
famine, food, fire, earthquake, storm or pandemic events and spread of disease (including the outbreak of COVID-19). 

Such
events may cause customers to suspend their decisions on using the Company s products and services, make it impossible to access
some of our inventory, and give rise to sudden significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles that could interfere
with purchases of goods or services and commitments to develop new products and services. These events also pose significant risks to
the Company s personnel and to physical facilities, transportation and operations, which could materially adversely affect the
Company s financial results. 

26 

Any
significant disruption to communications and travel, including travel restrictions and other potential protective quarantine measures
against COVID-19 or other public health crisis by governmental agencies, could make it difficult for the Company to deliver goods services
to its customers. War, riots, or other disasters may increase the need for our products and demand by government and military may make
it difficult for use to provide products to customers. Further, travel restrictions and protective measures against COVID-19 could cause
the Company to incur additional unexpected labor costs and expenses or could restrain the Company s ability to retain the highly
skilled personnel the Company needs for its operations. Due to the substantial uncertainty related to the effects of the pandemic, its
duration and the related market impacts, including the economic stimulus activity, we are unable to predict the specific impact the pandemic
and related restrictions (including the lifting or re-imposing of restrictions due to the Omicron variant or otherwise) will have on
our results of operations, liquidity or long-term financial results. 

We
believe COVID-19 has not yet had a materially adverse effect on our operational results, but could at any time and without notice in
the foreseeable future. As a result of COVID-19, at any time we may be subject to increased operating costs, supply interruptions, and
difficulties in obtaining raw materials and components. COVID-19 has resulted in restrictions, postponements and cancelations of meetings,
conferences, trade shows and the impact, extent and duration of the government-imposed restrictions on travel and public gatherings as
well as the overall effect of the COVID-19 virus is currently unknown. 

The
costs of being a public company could result in us being unable to continue as a going concern. 

As
a public company, we are required to comply with numerous financial reporting and legal requirements, including those pertaining to audits
and internal control. The costs of maintaining public company reporting requirements could be significant and may preclude us from seeking
financing or equity investment on terms acceptable to us and our stockholders. We estimate these costs to be in excess of 100,000 per
year and may be higher if our business volume or business activity increases significantly. Our current estimate of costs does not include
the necessary expenses associated with compliance, documentation and specific reporting requirements of Section 404 as we will not be
subject to the full reporting requirements of Section 404 until we exceed 700 million in public float market capitalization. 

If
our revenues are insufficient or non-existent, or we cannot satisfy many of these costs through the issuance of shares or debt, we may
be unable to satisfy these costs in the normal course of business. This would certainly result in our being unable to continue as a going
concern. 

Any
acquisitions that we potentially undertake will involve significant risks, and any acquisitions that we undertake in the future could
disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and harm our operating results. 

Part
of our growth strategy is to expand our operations through strategic acquisitions to enhance existing products and offer new products,
enter new markets and businesses, strengthen and avoid interruption from our supply chain, and enhance our position in current markets
and businesses. Acquisitions involve significant risks and uncertainties. We cannot accurately predict the timing, size, and success
of any future acquisitions. We may be unable to identify suitable acquisition candidates or to complete the acquisitions of candidates
that we identify. Increased competition for acquisition candidates or increased asking prices by acquisition candidates may increase
purchase prices for acquisitions to levels beyond our financial capability or to levels that would not result in the returns required
by our acquisition criteria. Unforeseen expenses, difficulties, and delays frequently encountered in connection with expansion through
acquisitions could inhibit our growth and negatively impact our operating results. 

27 

Our
ability to complete acquisitions that we desire to make will depend upon various factors, including the following: 

the
 availability of suitable acquisition candidates at attractive purchase prices; 

the
 ability to compete effectively for available acquisition opportunities; 

the
 availability of cash resources, borrowing capacity, or stock at favorable price levels to provide required purchase prices in acquisitions; 

the
 ability of management to devote sufficient attention to acquisition efforts; and 

the
 ability to obtain any requisite governmental or other approvals. 

We
may have little or no experience with certain acquired businesses, which could involve significantly different supply chains, production
techniques, customers, and competitive factors than our current business. This lack of experience would require us to rely to a great
extent on the management teams of these acquired businesses. These acquisitions also could require us to make significant investments
in systems, equipment, facilities, and personnel in anticipation of growth. These costs could be essential to implement our growth strategy
in supporting our expanded activities and resulting corporate structure changes. We may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits
that we expect to achieve as we expand into these new markets within the time frames we expect, if at all. If we fail to achieve some
or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve as we expand into these new markets, or do not achieve them within the time frames we
expect, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Unforeseen
expenses, difficulties, and delays frequently encountered in connection with future acquisitions could inhibit our growth and negatively
impact our profitability. Any future acquisitions may not meet our strategic objectives or perform as anticipated. In addition, the size,
timing, and success of any future acquisitions may cause substantial fluctuations in our operating results from quarter to quarter. These
interim fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 

If
we finance any future acquisitions in whole or in part through the issuance of Common Stock or securities convertible into or exercisable
for Common Stock, existing stockholders will experience dilution in the voting power of their Common Stock and earnings per share could
be negatively impacted. The extent to which we will be able or willing to use our Common Stock for acquisitions will depend on the market
price of our Common Stock from time-to-time and the willingness of potential acquisition candidates to accept our Common Stock as full
or partial consideration for the sale of their businesses. Our inability to use our Common Stock as consideration, to generate cash from
operations, or to obtain additional funding through debt or equity financings to pursue an acquisition could limit our growth. 

We
may not be able to successfully fund future acquisitions of new businesses due to the lack of availability of debt or equity financing
on acceptable terms, which could impede the implementation of our acquisition strategy and materially adversely impact our financial
condition, business and results of operations. 

In
order to make future acquisitions, we intend to raise capital primarily through debt financing, additional equity offerings, the sale
of stock or assets of our businesses, and by offering equity in the businesses to the sellers of target businesses or by undertaking
a combination of any of the above. Since the timing and size of acquisitions cannot be readily predicted, we may need to be able to obtain
funding on short notice to benefit fully from attractive acquisition opportunities. Such funding may not be available on acceptable terms.
In addition, the level of our indebtedness may impact our ability to borrow funds on acceptable terms. Another source of capital for
us may be the sale of additional shares of Common Stock, subject to market conditions and investor demand for the shares at prices that
we consider to be in the interests of our stockholders. These risks may materially adversely affect our ability to pursue our acquisition
strategy successfully and materially adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 

28 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR LEGAL AND REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 

Failure
to comply with applicable laws and changing legal and regulatory requirements could harm our business and financial results. 

Our
policies and procedures are reasonably designed to comply with applicable laws, accounting and reporting requirements, tax rules and
other regulations and requirements, including those imposed by the SEC, and foreign countries, as well as applicable trade, labor, safety,
environmental, labeling and gun safety related laws, such as the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act as well as state laws. The
complexity of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the related cost of compliance are both increasing due to additional
or changing legal and regulatory requirements, our ongoing expansion into new markets and new channels, and the fact that foreign laws
occasionally conflict with domestic laws. In addition to potential damage to our reputation and brand, failure by us or our business
partners to comply with the various applicable laws and regulations, as well as changes in laws and regulations or the manner in which
they are interpreted or applied, may result in litigation, civil and criminal liability, damages, fines and penalties, increased cost
of regulatory compliance and restatements of our financial statements and have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 

Our
ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, we had net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, for federal and state income tax
purposes of 34,112,810 and 26,969,657, respectively, which begins to expire in 2034. Net operating loss
carryforwards are available to reduce future taxable income. The federal net operating losses generated before 2018 will begin to
expire in 2032. The federal net operating losses generated in and after 2018 may be carried forward indefinitely. The expiration of
state NOL carryforwards vary by state and begin to expire in 2024. It is possible that we will not generate taxable income in time
to use NOLs before their expiration, or at all. Under Section 382 and Section 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
or the Code, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change
NOLs and other tax attributes to offset its post-change income may be limited. In general, an ownership change will
occur if there is a cumulative change in our ownership by 5 percent stockholders that exceeds 50 percentage points
over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. Our ability to use NOLs and other tax attributes to
reduce future taxable income and liabilities may be subject to annual limitations as a result of prior ownership changes and
ownership changes that may occur in the future (which may be outside our control). 

Under
the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or the Tax Act, as amended by the CARES Act, NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31,
2017, are subject to an 80 of taxable income limitation (as calculated before taking the NOLs into account) for tax years beginning
after December 31, 2020. In addition, NOLs arising in tax years 2018, 2019, and 2020 are subject to a five-year carryback and indefinite
carryforward, while NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2020, also are subject to indefinite carryforward but cannot
be carried back. Our NOLs may also be subject to limitations in other jurisdictions. For example, California recently enacted legislation
suspending the use of NOLs for taxable years 2020, 2021, and 2022 for many taxpayers. In future years, if and when a net deferred tax
asset is recognized related to our NOLs, the changes in the carryforward/carryback periods as well as the new limitation on use of NOLs
may significantly impact our valuation allowance assessments for NOLs generated after December 31, 2017. 

If
we are unable to protect our intellectual property, we may lose a competitive advantage or incur substantial litigation costs to protect
our rights. 

Our
future success depends upon our proprietary technology. Our protective measures, including patent and trade secret protection, may prove
inadequate to protect our proprietary rights. The right to stop others from misusing our trademarks, service marks, and patents in commerce
depends to some extent on our ability to show evidence of enforcement of our rights against such misuse in commerce. Our efforts to stop
improper use, if insufficient, may lead to loss of trademark and service mark rights, brand loyalty, and notoriety among our customers
and prospective customers. The scope of any patent that we have or may obtain may not prevent others from developing and selling competing
products. The validity and breadth of claims covered in technology patents involve complex legal and factual questions, and the resolution
of such claims may be highly uncertain, and expensive. In addition, our patents may be held invalid upon challenge, or others may claim
rights in or ownership of our patents. Company owned trademarks are listed under the heading Intellectual Property on page 20. 

29 

We
are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of Section 15(d) and 12(g) of the Exchange Act that require us to incur audit fees
and legal fees in connection with the preparation of such reports. These additional costs could reduce or eliminate our ability to earn
a profit. 

We
are required to file periodic reports with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
In order to comply with these requirements, our independent registered public accounting firm will have to review our financial statements
on a quarterly basis and audit our financial statements on an annual basis. Moreover, our legal counsel will have to review and assist
in the preparation of such reports. The costs charged by these professionals for such services cannot be accurately predicted at this
time because factors such as the number and type of transactions that we engage in, and the complexity of our reports cannot be determined
at this time and will affect the amount of time to be spent by our auditors and attorneys. However, the incurrence of such costs will
obviously be an expense to our operations and thus have a negative effect on our ability to meet our overhead requirements and earn a
profit. 

However,
for as long as we remain a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we may take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, reduced financial
statement disclosure in registration statements, which must include two years of audited financial statements, reduced financial statement
disclosure in annual reports on Form 10-K, and exemptions from the auditor attestation of management s assessment of internal control
over financial reporting. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer a smaller reporting company. 

If
we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose
confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our Common Stock, if a market ever develops, could drop significantly. 

Our
internal controls may be inadequate, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated
to the public. 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. As defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the principal executive and principal financial
officer and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the Company; 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of management and/or directors of the Company; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

30 

Our
internal controls may be inadequate or ineffective, which could cause financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation
being disseminated to the public. Furthermore, our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we report our financial condition
and results of operations, and they may require our management to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. Investors
relying upon this misinformation may make an uninformed investment decision. 

Failure
to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could cause us to face regulatory action and also cause investors to
lose confidence in our reported financial information, either of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business,
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

However,
our auditors will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to
Section 404 until we are no longer a smaller reporting company. 

RISKS
RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN OUR SECURITIES 

Stockholders 
voting power and ownership interest may be diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and satisfy obligations through
issuance of additional shares . 

Our Second Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation authorizes our board of directors to issue up to 600,000,000 shares of common stock and up to 10,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, of which we have designated 100,000 shares as Series A Super Voting Convertible Preferred Stock Existing
Series A Preferred Stock (which were issued to two members of management, Messrs. Charles A. Ross, Jr. and Doug E. Grau), and
have superior voting rights of 1,000 to 1 over shares of our common stock, resulting in nearly 85 of the available stockholder votes.
While the Certificate of Designation is named Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock , the Company s
Existing Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into shares of common stock of the Company or redeemable by either the Company
or any other person. The power of the board of directors to issue shares of common stock, preferred stock, warrants or options to purchase
shares of common stock or preferred stock is generally not subject to stockholder approval, except for issuances of more than 20 of
the company s outstanding common stock or its voting power. 

While
we just completed a capital raise utilizing a financial institution, we may attempt to raise additional capital by returning to the market
to sell shares, possibly at a deep discount. These actions may result in dilution of the ownership interests and voting power of existing
stockholders, further dilute Common Stock book value, and may delay, defer or prevent a change of control. 

Additionally,
series of preferred stock may carry the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before
dividends are distributed to the holders of Common Stock, superior voting or conversion rights and the right to the redemption of the
shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our Common Stock. 

Our
board of directors has the authority, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with terms that may not be beneficial to
Common Stockholders and with the ability to affect adversely stockholder voting power and perpetuate their control over us. 

Our Second Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation allow us to issue shares of preferred stock without any vote or further action by our stockholders. Our board
of directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. As a result, our board of
directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders the preferred right to our assets upon
liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of Common Stock and the right to the
redemption of the shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our Common Stock. 

31 

Our
Common Stock may be affected by limited trading volume and our share price may be volatile, which could adversely impact the value of
our Common Stock. 

There
can be no assurance that an active trading market in our Common Stock will be maintained. Our Common Stock is likely to experience significant
price and volume fluctuations in the future, which could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock without regard to our
operating performance and the market price of our Common Stock may drop below the price paid by investors. In addition, we believe that
factors such as our operating results, quarterly fluctuations in our financial results and changes in the overall economy or the condition
of the financial markets, including as the result of the COVID-19 pandemic, could cause the price of our Common Stock to fluctuate substantially.
These fluctuations may also cause short sellers to periodically enter the market in the belief that we will have poor results in the
future. We cannot predict the actions of market participants and, therefore, can offer no assurances that the market for our Common Stock
will be stable or appreciate over time. 

Warrants
are speculative in nature. 

The common stock warrants Warrants included in our February 2022 public offering or our July 2022 private investment in public entity PIPE offering do not
confer any rights of Common Stock ownership on their holders, such as voting rights or the right to receive dividends, but rather merely
represent the right to acquire shares of our Common Stock at a fixed price for a limited period of time. Specifically, commencing on the
date of issuance, holders of the Warrants may exercise their right to acquire the Common Stock and pay an exercise price of per share,
prior to five years from the date of issuance, after which date any unexercised Warrants will expire and have no further value. Until
holders of the Warrants acquire Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrants, the holders will have no rights with respect to the Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. Upon exercise of the Warrants, the holder will be entitled to exercise the rights of a Stockholder
as to the security exercised only as to matters for which the record date occurs after the exercise. Moreover, the market value of the
Warrants is uncertain and there can be no assurance that the market value of the Warrants will equal or exceed their public offering price.
There can be no assurance that the market price of the Common Stock will ever equal or exceed the exercise price of the Warrants, and
consequently, whether it will ever be profitable for holders of the Warrants to exercise the Warrants. 

Provisions of the Warrants sold in our February
and July 2022 offerings could discourage an acquisition of us by a third party . 

In addition to the discussion of the provisions of our governing organizational
documents, certain provisions of the Warrants offered in our February 2022 public offering and July 2022 PIPE offering could make it more
difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire us. The Warrants prohibit us from engaging in certain transactions constituting fundamental
transactions unless, among other things, the surviving entity assumes our obligations under the Warrants. These and other provisions
of the Warrants could prevent or deter a third party from acquiring us even where the acquisition could be beneficial to our stockholders. 

Our
executive officers and directors, and their affiliated entities, although they own an insignificant percentage of our stock, super voting preferred stock will allow them to be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 

Our executive officers and
directors beneficially own only approximately 4 of our Common Stock. However, as referenced above, we issued 100,000 shares of the
Existing Series A Preferred Stock to two members of our management, Messrs. Charles A. Ross, Jr. and Doug E. Grau, which have
superior voting rights of 1,000 to 1 over shares of our common stock, resulting in nearly 85 of the current available
stockholder votes. 

Accordingly, these stockholders
who are members of management may, as a practical matter, continue to be able to control the election of a majority of our directors and
the determination of all corporate actions after these offerings and any future offerings. This concentration of ownership could delay
or prevent a change in control of the Company. 

32 

We
do not anticipate that we will pay dividends on our Common Stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment
will depend on appreciation in the price of our Common Stock. 

We have never paid cash dividends
on our Common Stock. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our Common Stock at any time in the foreseeable future. The future payment
of dividends directly depends upon our future earnings, capital requirements, financial requirements and other factors that our board
of directors will consider. Since we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our Common Stock, return on your investment, if any, will
depend solely on an increase, if any, in the market value of our Common Stock. 

RISKS
RELATED TO THE INDUSTRY 

The
industry in which we operate is competitive, price sensitive and subject to risks of governmental regulations or laws. If our competitors
are better able to develop and market products that are more effective, less costly, easier to use, or are otherwise more attractive,
we may be unable to compete effectively with other companies. 

The
safe and personal security industry is characterized by intense competition. We will face competition on the basis of product features,
reliability, price, apparent value, and other factors. Competitors may include large safe makers and other companies, some of which have
significantly greater financial and marketing resources than we do, and firms that are more specialized than we are with respect to particular
markets. Our competition may respond more quickly to new or emerging styles, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, have greater
financial, marketing and other resources than ours or may be more successful in attracting potential customers, employees and strategic
partners. 

Our
industry could experience greater scrutiny and regulation by governmental authorities, which may lead to greater governmental regulation
in the future. 

The
rapidly growing interest in new concealed carry products that this rapidly growing market may attract the attention of government regulators
and legislators. The current trend in legislation is to roll back or minimize access to firearms restrictions, but there can be no assurance
that this trend will continue. 

RISKS
RELATED TO THE CANNABIS INDUSTRY 

Federal
regulation and enforcement may adversely affect the implementation of medical controlled substance laws and regulations may negatively
impact our revenues and profits. 

Currently,
many states plus the District of Columbia have laws or regulations that recognize, in one form or another, legitimate medical uses for
cannabis and consumer use of cannabis in connection with medical treatment. Many other states are considering similar legislation. Conversely,
under the Controlled Substance Act (the CSA ), the policies and regulations of the Federal government and its agencies are
that cannabis has no medical benefit and a range of activities including cultivation and the personal use of cannabis is prohibited.
Unless and until Congress amends the CSA with respect to medical marijuana, as to the timing or scope of any such potential amendments
there can be no assurance, there is a risk that federal authorities may enforce current federal law. Active enforcement of the current
federal regulatory position on cannabis may thus indirectly and adversely affect our revenues and profits. The risk of strict enforcement
of the CSA in light of Congressional activity, judicial holdings, and stated federal policy remains uncertain. 

The
DOJ has not historically devoted resources to prosecuting individuals whose conduct is limited to possession of small amounts of marijuana
for use on private property but has relied on state and local law enforcement to address marijuana activity. In the event the DOJ reverses
its stated policy and begins strict enforcement of the CSA in states that have laws legalizing medical marijuana and recreational marijuana
in small amounts, there may be a direct and adverse impact to our business and our revenue and profits. Furthermore, H.R. 83, enacted
by Congress on December 16, 2014, provides that none of the funds made available to the DOJ pursuant to the 2015 Consolidated and Further
Continuing Appropriations Act may be used to prevent certain states, including Nevada and California, from implementing their own laws
that authorized the use, distribution, possession, or cultivation of medical marijuana. 

33 

Variations
in state and local regulation and enforcement in states that have legalized medical controlled substance that may restrict marijuana-related
activities, including activities related to medical cannabis and Biotech complex work on cannabis, may negatively impact our revenues
and profits. 

Individual
state laws do not always conform to the federal standard or to other states laws. A number of states have decriminalized marijuana to
varying degrees, other states have created exemptions specifically for medical cannabis, and several have both decriminalization and
medical laws. Nineteen states and the District of Columbia and Guam have legalized the recreational use of cannabis. Variations exist
among states that have legalized, decriminalized, or created medical marijuana exemptions. For example, Alaska and Colorado have limits
on the number of marijuana plants that can be homegrown. In most states, the cultivation of marijuana for personal use continues to be
prohibited except for those states that allow small-scale cultivation by the individual in possession of medical marijuana needing care
or that person s caregiver. Active enforcement of state laws that prohibit personal cultivation of marijuana may indirectly and
adversely affect our business and our revenue and profits. 

It
is possible that federal or state legislation could be enacted in the future that would prohibit us or potential customers from using
our products, and if such legislation were enacted, our revenues could decline, leading to a loss in your investment. 

We
are not aware of any federal or state regulation that regulates the sale of indoor cultivation equipment to medical or recreational marijuana
growers. The extent to which the regulation of drug paraphernalia under the CSA is applicable to the sale of our dispensaries is found
in the definition of drug paraphernalia. Drug paraphernalia means any equipment, product, or material of any kind that
is primarily intended or designed for use in manufacturing, compounding, converting, concealing, producing processing, preparing, injecting,
ingesting, inhaling, or otherwise introducing into the human body a controlled substance, possession of which is unlawful. 

Marijuana
remains illegal under federal law 

Cannabis
is illegal under U.S. federal law. In those states in which the use of cannabis has been legalized, its use remains a violation of federal
law pursuant to the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 811). The Controlled Substances Act classifies cannabis as a Schedule
I controlled substance, and as such, medical and adult use cannabis use is illegal under U.S. federal law. Unless and until Congress
amends the Controlled Substances Act with respect to cannabis (and the President approves such amendment), there is a risk that federal
authorities may enforce current federal law. Since federal law criminalizing the use of cannabis pre-empts state laws that legalize its
use, enforcement of federal law regarding cannabis is a significant risk and would likely result in our inability to precede with our
business plans, especially in respect of expanding the reach of our dispensaries sale. 

34 

We
are indirectly engaged in the medical and adult use cannabis industry in the United States where local state law permits such activities.
The legality of the production, cultivation, extraction, distribution, retail sales, transportation and use of cannabis differs among
states in the United States. Due to the current regulatory environment in the United States, new risks may emerge, and management may
not be able to predict all such risks. 

As
of September 2021, there were 36 states, plus the District of Columbia (and the territories of Guam, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands
and the Northern Mariana Islands), that have laws and/or regulations that recognize, in one form or another, legitimate medical uses
for cannabis and consumer use of cannabis in connection with medical treatment. In addition, Alaska, California, Colorado, Illinois,
Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Nevada, Oregon, Vermont, Washington and the District of Columbia have legalized cannabis for adult use. 

Due
to the conflicting views between state legislatures and the federal government regarding cannabis, cannabis businesses are subject to
inconsistent laws and regulations. There can be no assurance that the federal government will not enforce federal laws relating to cannabis
and seek to prosecute cases involving cannabis businesses that are otherwise compliant with state laws in the future. While we are not
subject to these laws, the uncertainty of U.S. federal enforcement practices going forward and the inconsistency between U.S. federal
and state laws and regulations present risks for our dispensary safes business, including incurring substantial costs associated with
compliance or altering certain aspects of our business plan. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

American Rebel Facilities 

American Rebel entities lease the following properties: 

Location 
 
 Square
 Feet 
 
 Use 
 
 Lessee 
 
 Lease
 Expiration 
 
 909
 18 th Avenue South, Suite A 
 Nashville,
 TN 37212 
 
 1,750 
 
 Corporate
 Executive Offices 
 
 American
 Rebel Holdings, Inc. 
 
 March 31, 2024 

3800
 S Ross Lane 
 Chanute,
 Kansas 66720 
 
 50,000 
 
 Warehouse
 and Shipping 
 
 American
 Rebel Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Month to month 

8460
 Nieman Road 
 Lenexa,
 Kansas 66214 
 
 5,724 
 
 Retail
 Sales 
 
 American
 Rebel, Inc. 
 
 March 31, 2026 

35 

Champion Safe Facilities 

Headquarters for the Champion
Entities (Champion, Superior and Safe Guard) are located in Provo, Utah. These entities lease the following locations: 

Location 
 
 Square
 Feet 
 
 Use 
 
 Lessee 
 
 Lease
 Expiration 
 
 2055
 S. Tracy Hall Parkway 
 Provo,
 Utah 84606 
 
 8,000 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Champion
 Safe 
 Company, Inc. 
 
 January
 1, 2024 

2813 S Sierra Vista Way, Provo, Utah 84606 
 
 8,000 
 
 Executive Offices and Factory Sales Outlet 

January 1, 2024 

200
 Rock Industrial Park 
 Bridgeton,
 Missouri 63044 
 
 5,000 
 
 Warehouse
 and Shipping 

May
 1, 2024 

500
 Industrial Drive 
 Lewisberry,
 Pennsylvania 17339 
 
 2,100 
 
 Warehouse
 and Retail Sales 

August
 1, 2024 

5411
 Trebor Lane 
 Knoxville,
 Tennessee 37914 
 
 2,500 
 
 Warehouse
 and Retail Sales 

September
 1, 2024 

792
 N. Gilbert Road, Suite 102 
 Gilbert,
 Arizona 85233 
 
 2,600 
 
 Retail
 Sales 

June
 30, 2026 

4027
 North Oracle Road 
 Tucson,
 Arizona 85705 
 
 1,400 
 
 Retail
 Sales 

March
 7, 2027 

17455
 N. Black Canyon Highway 
 Phoenix,
 Arizona 85023 
 
 2,400 
 
 Retail
 Sales 

February
 28, 2025 

9802
 N. 91 st Avenue, Suite 108 
 Peoria,
 Arizona 85345 
 
 3,907 
 
 Warehouse
 and Retail Sales 

April
 30, 2025 

28344
 Waterview Drive 
 Boerne,
 Texas 78006 
 
 2,400 
 
 Retail
 Sales 
 
 Sublease 
 
 Month-to-month 

1020
 FM 1960 West, Suite 7 
 Houston,
 Texas 77090 
 
 2,500 
 
 Retail
 Sales 
 
 Sublease 
 
 Month-to-month 

Av.
 Alvaro Obregon 6745, California, 84065 Nogales, Sonora, Mexico 
 
 73,659 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Champion
 Safe 
De Mexico, S.A. DE C.V. 
 
 September 1, 2024 

Leased from Utah Tennessee Holding Company, LLC, a company owned
by the current Champion CEO, Ray Crosby. 

 Leased from Champion Holdings, LLC, a company owned by the current Champion
CEO, Ray Crosby. 

As part of our transaction in acquiring the Champion Entities, several
of the long-term leases are held with the Seller, Mr. Ray Crosby through a limited liability company. These long-term leases are considered
market value as Mr. Crosby through this LLC provides rental space at market value, neither charging the Company and its subsidiaries too
much or too little. Please review the footnotes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further disclosure on the leases that the
Company is obligated to the Seller of the Champion Entities. 

The Company believes these facilities are adequate for its needs, including
providing the space and infrastructure to accommodate its development work based on current operating plans. In the future, the Company
may lease or license additional facilities for manufacturing, corporate offices and other functions. The Company believes that suitable
additional facilities will be available on commercially reasonable terms to accommodate the foreseeable expansion of its operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm business. 

We
are not currently a party in any legal proceeding or governmental regulatory proceeding nor are we currently aware of any pending or
potential legal proceeding or governmental regulatory proceeding proposed to be initiated against us that would have a material adverse
effect on us or our business. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

36 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Reverse
Stock Split and Potential Reverse Stock Split for NASDAQ Continued Listing Requirements 

On
February 7, 2022, we effectuated a reverse split of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock at a ratio of 1-for-80. The share
numbers and pricing information in this Annual Report are adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split. 

Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, which has as one of its continued listing requirements a minimum bid price of
at least 1.00 per share. During 2022, our common stock traded significantly below 1.00 per share. On June 28, 2022, we
received a letter from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC indicating that we failed to comply with the minimum bid price requirement, and
that we have been provided with a 180-day grace period (which expired on December 27, 2022) to regain compliance. On December 28, 2022, we received notice from Nasdaq indicating that, while we had not regained compliance with the
bid price requirement, Nasdaq has determined that we were eligible for an additional 180-day period, or until June 26, 2023, to regain
compliance. According to the notification from Nasdaq, the staff s determination was based on (i) us meeting the continued listing
requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other applicable Nasdaq initial listing standards, with the exception of
the minimum bid price requirement, and (ii) our written notice to Nasdaq of the intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance
period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. If at any time during this second 180-day compliance period, the closing bid
price of the common stock is at least 1 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide us with written
confirmation of compliance. If compliance cannot be demonstrated by June 26, 2023, Nasdaq will provide written notification that the common
stock will be delisted. At that time, we may appeal Nasdaq s determination to a Hearings Panel. 

We have received stockholder consent to implement up to a 1-for-25 reverse stock split of our outstanding shares
of common stock at any time prior to January 5, 2024. Our board of directors will determine when, and if, the reverse stock split would
be implemented and at what ratio. 

Delisting
from the Nasdaq Capital Market may adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing through the public or private sale of equity
securities, may significantly affect the ability of investors to trade our securities and may negatively affect the value and liquidity
of our common stock. Delisting also could have other negative results, including the potential loss of employee confidence, the loss
of institutional investors or interest in business development opportunities. 

If
we are delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market and we are not able to list our common stock on another exchange, our common stock could
be quoted on the OTC Markets or in the pink sheets. As a result, we could face significant adverse consequences
including, among others: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

a
 determination that our common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere
 to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and little or no analyst coverage of our company; 

we
 would no longer qualify for exemptions from state securities registration requirements, which may require us to comply with applicable
 state securities laws; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities (including pursuant to short-form registration statements on Form S-3) or obtain
 additional financing in the future. 

In
addition, an increase in the per share trading value of our common stock would be beneficial because it would: 

improve
 the perception of our common stock as an investment security; 

reset
 our stock price to more normalized trading levels in the face of potentially extended market dislocations; 

assist
 with future potential capital raises; 

appeal
 to a broader range of investors to generate greater investor interest in us; and 

reduce
 stockholder transaction costs because investors would pay lower commissions to trade a fixed dollar amount of our stock if our stock
 price were higher than they would if our stock price were lower. 

37 

Public Offering(s) and Recent Up-listing to Nasdaq 

On February 9, 2022, we closed
on an underwritten public offering of 2,530,121 units (the Common Units ), at a price to the public of 4.15 per Common Unit,
for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 10.5 million, prior to deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and other estimated
offering expenses. Each Common Unit consisted of one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one share of common stock. The
common stock and warrants were immediately separable from the Common Units and were issued and trade separately. The warrants are exercisable
immediately, expire five years from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of 5.1875 per share. 

On July 12, 2022, we entered into
a PIPE transaction with an institutional investor for the purchase and sale of 12,887,976 of securities, consisting of (i) 509,311 shares
of common stock at 1.11 per share, (ii) prefunded warrants (the Prefunded Warrants that are exercisable into 11,202,401
shares of common stock (the Prefunded Warrant Shares at 1.10 per Prefunded Warrant, and (iii) immediately exercisable
warrants to purchase up to 23,423,424 shares of common stock at an initial exercise price of 0.86 per share and will expire five years
from the date of issuance. 

As of December 31, 2022, there were no Prefunded Warrants issued and outstanding.
The Prefunded Warrants were purchased by the holders of the warrants for 1.10 per warrant. The Prefunded Warrants required the payment
of an additional 0.01 per warrant and the written notice of exercise to the Company to convert the Prefunded Warrant into one share of
common stock of the Company. During the period ended September 30, 2022, the Company received notice on all the Prefunded Warrants converting
into 11,202,401 shares of common stock. 

We
used the net proceeds from these offerings to repay various outstanding indebtedness, purchase the Champion Safe entities and for general corporate purposes, including
working capital, increased research and development expenditures and funding our growth strategies. 

The
shares of Common Stock and Warrants were approved to up-list on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols AREB and AREBW, 
respectively, and began trading on February 7, 2022. 

Market
for our Common Stock 

Our
Common Stock was quoted on the OTC:QB Market under the symbol AREB and continued with our uplisting to NASDAQ on
February 7, 2022 through this date as AREB . Our Common Stock traded infrequently on the OTC, which limited our ability to pinpoint high and low bid
prices for each quarter during the year ending December 31, 2021. The following table lists the available quotations for
the high and low closing prices for fiscal 2021 and 2022 obtained through various investing websites. The quotations reflect
inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up, markdown, or commissions and may not represent actual transactions. 

2022 
 2021 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 1st Quarter 
 6.48 
 1.15 
 9.12 
 3.29 
 
 2nd Quarter 
 2.12 
 0.65 
 9.60 
 4.00 
 
 3rd Quarter 
 1.24 
 0.33 
 9.44 
 3.88 
 
 4th Quarter 
 0.50 
 0.16 
 7.42 
 3.02 

On
March 30, 2023, the closing price of shares of Common Stock of the Company was 0.15. 

Stockholders
of Record 

As of March 30, 2023, an aggregate of 16,930,517 shares
of our Common Stock were issued and outstanding and owned by 132 stockholders of record. We also had 159,737 shares of Common Stock that were authorized, but unissued as of March 30, 2023. 

Dividends 

We
have not since December 15, 2014 (date of inception) declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and currently do not anticipate
paying such cash dividends. We currently anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the development and expansion
of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our
board of directors and will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, tax laws and other factors as the board, in its
discretion, deems relevant. 

38 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
Board is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Nevada law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from
time-to-time the number of shares to be included in each series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares
of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions, in each case without further vote or action by our stockholders.
Our Board can also increase (but not above the total number of authorized shares of the class) or decrease (but not below the number
of shares then outstanding) the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, without any further vote or action by our stockholders.
Our Board may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power
or other rights of the holders of our common stock or other series of preferred stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing
flexibility in connection with possible financings, acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect
of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in our control of our company and might adversely affect the market price of our common
stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

No
Maturity, Sinking Fund or Mandatory Redemption 

The
Series A Preferred Stock (the Existing Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any
sinking fund or mandatory redemption. Shares of the Existing Series A Preferred Stock will remain outstanding indefinitely unless we
decide to redeem or otherwise repurchase them. 

Dividend
Rights 

Holders
of shares of the Existing Series A Preferred Stock are not entitled to receive any dividends. 

Voting
Rights 

Holders
of the Existing Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with the holders of our common stock on an as-converted basis.
Each Existing Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to cast one thousand (1,000) votes for each share held of the Existing Series A Preferred
stock. 

Conversion
Rights 

While
the Certificate of Designation is named Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock , the Company s
Existing Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into shares of common stock of the Company or redeemable by either the Company or
another person. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

No
Maturity, Sinking Fund or Pre-Determined Mandatory Redemption 

The
Series B (the Existing Series B Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or
pre-determined mandatory redemption. Shares of the Existing Series B Preferred Stock will remain outstanding indefinitely unless we decide
to redeem or otherwise repurchase them, or the holders decide to convert them. 

Dividend
Rights 

Holders
of shares of the Existing Series B Preferred Stock are not entitled to receive any dividends. 

Voting
Rights 

Holders
of the Existing Series B Preferred Stock shall not have any voting rights, except in the case of voting on a change in the preferences
of the Existing Series B Preferred Stock shares. 

Conversion
Rights 

Each
holder of the Existing Series B Preferred Stock is entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding shares of Existing Series B Preferred
Stock held by such holder into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of our common stock Each share of the Existing Series
B Preferred Stock is convertible into our common stock at the conversion rate of 1 share of Existing Series B Preferred Stock to 1.25
shares of common stock, subject to adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations,
reclassifications or similar events affecting our common stock. Should the Company issue a redemption notice the conversion shall occur
on or prior to the fifth (5 th day prior to the redemption date, as may have been fixed in any redemption notice with respect
to the Existing Series B Preferred Stock shares, at the office of the Company or any transfer agent for such stock. 

39 

Liquidation
Preference 

The
Existing Series B Preferred Stock has senior liquidation preference rights compared to the common stock. Upon a liquidation, the Existing
Series B Preferred Stock shares are entitled to receive cash based upon a stated value per share of 7.00. 

Fractional
Shares 

No
fractional shares of our common stock will be issued upon any conversion of the Existing Series B Preferred Stock. If the conversion
would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of common stock, the number of shares of common stock issuable upon such conversion
will be rounded up to the nearest whole share. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

On
January 1, 2021, our board of directors approved the establishment of the 2021 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan LTIP ).
The LTIP is intended to enable us to continue to attract able directors, employees, and consultants and to provide a means whereby
those individuals upon whom the responsibilities rest for successful administration and management of the Company, and whose present
and potential contributions are of importance, can acquire and maintain common stock ownership, thereby strengthening their concern
for our welfare. The aggregate maximum number of shares of common stock (including shares underlying options) that may be issued
under the LTIP pursuant to awards of Restricted Shares or Options will be limited to 10 of the outstanding shares of common stock,
which calculation shall be made on the first trading day of each new fiscal year. For fiscal year 2022, up to 159,737 shares of
common stock are available for participants under the LTIP. The number of shares of common stock that are the subject of awards
under the LTIP which are forfeited or terminated, are settled in cash in lieu of shares of common stock or in a manner such that all
or some of the shares covered by an award are not issued to a participant or are exchanged for awards that do not involve shares
will again immediately become available to be issued pursuant to awards granted under the LTIP. If shares of common stock are
withheld from payment of an award to satisfy tax obligations with respect to the award, those shares of common stock will be treated
as shares that have been issued under the LTIP and will not again be available for issuance under the LTIP. In December of 2022, we
authorized the grant and issuance of all 159,737 shares of common stock under the LTIP to our executive management team. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
December 27, 2022, we authorized the issuance of 103,829 shares of common stock to our CEO and 55,908 shares of common
stock to our President under the 2021 LTIP. These shares have not been issued as of the date of this Annual Report. 

Subsequent
Issuances after Year-End 

None 

All
of the above-described issuances were exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation D of the Securities Act
as transactions not involving a public offering. With respect to each transaction listed above, no general solicitation was made by either
the Company or any person acting on its behalf. All such securities issued pursuant to such exemptions are restricted securities as defined
in Rule 144(a)(3) promulgated under the Securities Act, appropriate legends have been placed on the documents evidencing the securities,
and may not be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant to an exemption there from. 

Repurchase
of Equity Securities 

We
have no plans, programs or other arrangements in regards to repurchases of our common stock. Further, we did not repurchase any of our
equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

40 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This
Item 7 contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are subject to a number of
risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Our actual results, performance, prospects or opportunities could differ
materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. Additional risks of which we are not currently aware
or which we currently deem immaterial could also cause our actual results to differ, including those discussed in the sections entitled
 Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the
 Financial Statements ). The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting policies
in the United States GAAP ). Except as otherwise disclosed, all dollar figures included therein and in the following management
discussion and analysis are quoted in United States dollars. 

The
following discussion of the Company s financial condition and the results of operations should be read in conjunction with the
Financial Statements and footnotes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

The
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. In order to comply with the
terms of the safe harbor, the Company notes that in addition to the description of historical facts contained herein, this Annual
Report contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties as detailed herein and from time to time in
the Company s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and elsewhere. Such statements are based on
management s current expectations and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties, which could cause actual results
to differ materially from those, described in the forward-looking statements. These factors include, among others: (a) the
Company s fluctuations in sales and operating results; (b) risks associated with international operations; (c) regulatory,
competitive and contractual risks; (d) development risks; (e) the ability to achieve strategic initiatives, including but not
limited to the ability to achieve sales growth across the business segments through a combination of enhanced sales force, new
products, and customer service; and (f) pending litigation. 

Operations 

On
June 9, 2016, a change in control occurred, a sixty percent (60 ownership interest was obtained by American Rebel, Inc. from our former
officer and director and founder. On June 17, 2017, the Company acquired the business of its control stockholder accounted for and presented
financially as a reverse merger transaction. Our majority stockholder, American Rebel, Inc. became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
and we distributed shares to the stockholders of American Rebel, Inc. As a result of this reverse merger, the reported operating history
of the Company is now the operating history of American Rebel, Inc. Financial statements of both companies are now consolidated and all
material intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated. On July 29, 2022, the Company closed on its acquisition of the Champion
Entities. 

41 

Recent
Developments 

Acquisition
of Champion Entities 

On
June 29, 2022, the Company entered into a stock and membership interest purchase agreement with Champion Safe Co., Inc. Champion Safe ), Superior Safe, LLC Superior Safe ), Safe Guard Security Products, LLC Safe
Guard ), Champion Safe De Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Champion Safe Mexico and, together with Champion Safe, Superior
Safe, Safe Guard and Champion Safe Mexico, collectively, the Champion Entities and Mr. Ray Crosby Seller (the
 Champion Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding
capital stock and membership interests of the Champion Entities from the Seller. This transaction was completed on July 29, 2022. We
have included the Champion Entities assets and liabilities as of that date and the subsequent financial activity through the date of
this Annual Report in our Consolidated Financial Statements. For all intent and purposes, the Champion Entities have been
integrated with our existing operations and are under the control of our management team. 

The
closing of the acquisition occurred on July 29, 2022. Under the terms of the Champion Purchase Agreement, the Company paid the
Seller (i) cash consideration in the amount of 9,150,000, along with (ii) cash deposits in the amount of 350,000, and (iii)
reimbursed Seller for 397,420 of agreed upon acquisitions and equipment purchases completed by the Seller and the
Champion Entities since June 30, 2021. 

Description
of Business 

Company
Overview 

American
Rebel is boldly positioning itself as America s Patriotic Brand. The Company has identified the market opportunity to design, manufacture,
and market innovative concealed carry products and safes. American Rebel accesses its market uniquely through its positioning as America s
Patriotic Brand and the appeal of its products as well as through the profile and public persona of its founder and Chief Executive Officer, Andy Ross. Andy
hosted his own television show for 12 years, has made multiple appearances over the years at trade shows, and is well-known in the archery
world as the founder of Ross Archery, which was the world s fastest-growing bow company in 2007 and 2008. Andy has also released
3 CDs, done numerous radio and print interviews, and performed many concerts in front of thousands of people. Andy has the ability to
present American Rebel to large numbers of potential customers through the appeal of his music and other supporting appearances. For
example, his appearance on the History Channel hit show Counting Cars in February 2014 has been viewed by over 2 million people.
Bringing innovative products that satisfy an existing demand to the market through exciting means is the American Rebel blueprint for
success. 

Other 

As
a corporate policy, we will not incur any cash obligations that we cannot satisfy with known resources, of which there are currently
none except as described in Liquidity below or elsewhere in this Annual Report. We believe that the perception that
many people have of a public company makes it more likely that they will accept restricted securities from a public company as
consideration for indebtedness to them than they would from a private company. We have not performed any studies of this matter. Our
conclusion is based on our own observations. Additionally, the issuance of restricted shares will dilute the percentage of ownership
interest of our stockholders. 

Results
of Operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 

Revenue
and cost of goods sold 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported Sales of 8,449,800, compared to Sales of 986,826 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase is primarily attributable to the Company s recent acquisition of the Champion Entities that closed on
July 29, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported Cost of Sales of 6,509,382, compared to Cost of Sales of 812,130 for
the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in Cost of Sales was again primarily attributable to the acquisition of the Champion
Entities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported Gross Profit of 1,940,418, compared to Gross Profit of 174,696 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in Gross Profit was primarily attributable to the acquisition of the Champion Entities.
Please review our footnotes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for its presentation on the pro forma financial information as
if the Company and the Champion Entities had been combined since January 1, 2021. This represents a significant difference if we were
able to include a full year of revenue and costs of sales for the Champion Entities for 2022. 

42 

Expenses 

Total
operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 7,003,704 compared to 3,486,135 for the year ended December 31,
2021 as further described below. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred consulting and business development expenses of 2,000,624, compared to consulting and
business development expenses of 2,012,803 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The slight decrease in consulting and business development
expenses is due to the decrease in outside corporate consultants offset by additional payroll expenses for the Company as a result of
the acquisition of the Champion Entities. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred rental expense, warehousing and outlet expense of 508,527, compared to rental expense,
warehousing and outlet expense of 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Since the acquisition of the Champion Entities that closed
on July 29, 2022, the Company now has a much larger physical footprint. Our rental expense, warehousing, etc. was negligible in years
prior to 2022 and was included in our general and administrative expense line item. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred product development expenses of 746,871, compared to product development expenses of 330,353
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in the amount of product development expenses was due to the increase in product development
activity. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred marketing and brand development expenses of 507,503, compared to marketing and brand development
expenses of 171,030 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in marketing and brand development expenses relates primarily
to the expanded size of the Company and the return of trade shows post the COVID-19 pandemic. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred general and administrative expenses of 3,190,092, compared to general and administrative
expenses of 968,306 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase relates primarily to an increase in professional, consulting
and operating fees due to the expanded size of the Company. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred depreciation expense of 50,087, compared to depreciation expense of 3,643 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The increase in depreciation expense is due to the increased size of the Company and the assets acquired in the Champion Entities purchase. 

Other
income and expenses 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred interest expense of 358,689,
compared to interest expense of 2,061,782 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in interest expense is due to the Company
retiring or converting to common stock most of its outstanding debt in late 2021. Retirement or converting to common stock of debt in
2022 was smaller in comparison. Additionally, the Company incurred interest expense of 350,000 for the release of pre-emptive rights
from a certain lender to the Company. 

Net
Loss 

Net
loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, amounted to 7,143,153, resulting
in a loss per share of 0.96, compared to a net loss of 6,098,944 for the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting in a loss per share
of 4.85. The increase in the net loss from the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily due to acquisition
costs of the Champion Entities and our increased expenditures on financing and other activities for growth. 

Liquidity 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the
Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal
course of business. The Company is in the growth and acquisition stage and, accordingly, will have to raise capital to complete acquisitions and successfully integrate
acquired companies. Since inception, the Company has been engaged in financing activities and executing its business plan of operations and
incurring costs and expenses related to developing products and market identity, obtaining inventory and preparing for public product
launch. As a result, the Company incurred net income (losses) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 7,143,981) and 6,098,944),
respectively. The Company s accumulated deficit was 34,112,810) as of December 31, 2022, and 26,969,657) as of December 31,
2021. The Company s working capital surplus was 6,678,562 as of December 31, 2022, and a deficit of 4,171,277) as of December
31, 2021. In addition, the Company s development activities since inception have been sustained through equity and debt financing
and the deferral of payments on accounts payable and other expenses. 

43 

The
ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to raise capital from the sale of its equity
and, ultimately, the achievement of increased operating revenues. Management believes holders of its warrants will execute their
outstanding warrants generating investment capital for the Company. Management is also in discussion with several investment banks
and broker dealers regarding the initiation of a capital campaign. 

Management
believes sufficient funding can be secured through the obtaining of loans, as well as future offerings of its preferred and common stock
to institutional and other financial sources. However, no assurance can be given that the Company will obtain this additional working
capital, or if obtained, that such funding will not cause substantial dilution its stockholders. If the Company is unable to secure such
additional funds from these sources, it may be forced to change or delay its business plan rollout. 

As
we proceed with the launch of our American Rebel concealed carry product and safe lines we have devoted and expect to continue to devote
significant resources in the areas of capital expenditures and marketing, sales, and operational expenditures. 

We
expect to require additional funds to further develop our business plan. Since it is impossible to predict with certainty the timing
and amount of funds required to establish profitability, we anticipate that we will need to raise additional funds through equity or
debt offerings or otherwise in order to meet our expected future liquidity requirements. Any such financing that we undertake will likely
be dilutive to existing stockholders. 

In
addition, we expect to also need additional funds to respond to business opportunities and challenges, including our ongoing operating
expenses, protecting our intellectual property, developing or acquiring new lines of business and enhancing our operating infrastructure.
While we may need to seek additional funding for such purposes, we may not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at all.
In addition, the terms of our financings may be dilutive to, or otherwise adversely affect, holders of our common stock. We may also
seek additional funds through arrangements with collaborators or other third parties. We may not be able to negotiate any such arrangements
on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain additional funding on a timely basis, we may be required to curtail or terminate
some or all of our product lines. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related footnotes requires us to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. 

An
accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that
are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in
the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the financial statements. 

Financial
Reporting Release No. 60 requires all companies to include a discussion of critical accounting policies or methods used in the
preparation of financial statements. There are no critical policies or decisions that rely on judgments that are based on
assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made. Note 1 to the financial statements, included
elsewhere in this Annual Report, includes a summary of the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of
our financial statements. 

Recent
Pronouncements 

The
Company evaluated recent accounting pronouncements through December 31, 2022, and believes that none have a material effect on the Company s
financial statements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

44 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 5041) 
 
 F-1 
 
 Financial
 Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statement of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 F-6 

45 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of American Rebel Holdings, Inc.: 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of American Rebel Holdings, Inc. (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the two years
in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations that raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We
determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

BF
Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 

April
14, 2023 

F- 1 

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expense 

Inventory 

Inventory deposits 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Assets 

Property and Equipment, net 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Lease deposits 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use lease assets 

- 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Total Other Assets 
 
 - 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expense 

Accrued interest 

Loan Officers related party 
 - 

Loans Working capital 

Loans - Nonrelated parties 
 - 

Right-of-use lease liability, current 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 

Right-of-use lease liability, long-term 

- 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT): 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; , and issued and outstanding, respectively at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred Shares A 

Preferred Shares B 

Preferred stock, value 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; and issued and outstanding, respectively at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

See
Notes to Financial Statements. 

F- 2 

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross margin 

Expenses: 

Consulting/payroll and other costs 

Rental expense, warehousing, outlet expense 
 
 - 
 
 Product development costs 

Marketing and brand development costs 

Administrative and other 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Total
 operating expense 

Operating income (loss) 

Other Income (Expense) 

Interest expense 

Interest expense pre-emptive rights release 
 
 - 
 
 Interest income 
 
 - 
 
 Gain/(loss) on extinguishment of debt 

Net income (loss) before income tax provision 

Provision for income tax 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted income (loss) per share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

See
Notes to Financial Statements. 

F- 3 

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock Amount 
 Preferred Stock Amount 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total 

Balance December 31, 2020 

- 

Issuance of common stock as compensation 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance of preferred stock Series A 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Issuance of preferred stock Series B 
 - 
 - 

- 

Conversion of debt 

- 

Warrants issued as compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale of common stock, net 

- 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Balance, value 

Sale of common stock through registered offering, net of offering costs, includes reverse stock split round lot shares of 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock to pay for expenses 

- 
 
 - 

Preferred stock converted to common stock 

- 
 - 
 
 Debt converted into warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Sale of common stock 

- 
 
 - 

Sale of pre-funded common stock warrants per share, exercise price of 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Prefunded common stock warrant offering costs and fees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock as compensation 

- 
 
 - 

Exercise of prefunded warrants 

- 
 
 - 

Exercise of prefunded warrants 

- 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Balance, value 

See
Notes to Financial Statements. 

F- 4 

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income (loss) 

Depreciation 

Gain on disposition of property 
 
 - 
 
 Compensation paid through issuance of common stock 

Amortization of loan discount 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash (used in) operating
 activities (net of acquired amounts from Champion): 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventory 

Inventory deposits and other 

Accounts payable and accrued expense 

Net Cash (Used in) Operating Activities 

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of Champion 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of property and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Net Cash (Used in) Investing Activities 
 
 - 

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from sale of common and preferred stock, net of offering costs 

Proceeds from sale of prefunded warrants, net of offering costs 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of prefunded warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds (repayments) of loans officer - related party 

Proceeds of working capital loan 

Repayment of loans nonrelated party 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AT END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Conversion of debt to equity 

See
Notes to Financial Statements. 

F- 5 

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

(date of inception) under the laws of the State of Nevada, as CubeScape,
Inc. Effective January 5, 2017, the Company amended its articles of incorporation and changed its name to American Rebel Holdings, Inc.
The Company completed a business combination with its majority stockholder, American Rebel, Inc. on June 19, 2017. As a result, American
Rebel, Inc. became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

The
acquisition of American Rebel, Inc. was accounted for as a reverse merger. The Company issued shares of its common stock and
issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock to stockholders of American Rebel, Inc. and cancelled shares of common
stock owned by American Rebel, Inc. 

The
Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on October
14, 2015. Twenty six (26) investors invested at a price of 
per share for a total of 
and closed on December 11, 2015. On July 29, 2022, the Company closed on the acquisition of the Champion Entities. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and ) , respectively. 

Fully
diluted shares outstanding is the total number of shares that the Company would theoretically have if all dilutive securities were exercised
and converted into shares. Dilutive securities include options, warrants, convertible debt, preferred stock and anything else that can
be converted into shares. Potential dilutive shares
consist of the incremental common shares issuable upon the exercise of dilutive securities, calculated using the treasury stock method.
The calculation of dilutive shares outstanding excludes out-of-the-money options (i.e., such options exercise prices were greater
than the average market price of our common shares for the period) because their inclusion would have been antidilutive. Out-of-the-money
stock options totaled none and none as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. All other dilutive securities are listed
below. 

The following table
illustrates the total number of common shares that would be converted from common stock equivalents issued and outstanding at the end
of each period presented; as of December 31, 20 22 and as of December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Total dilutive effect of outstanding stock awards or common stock equivalents 

Shares used in computation of fully diluted earnings per share for the year ended 

Net income (loss) 

Fully diluted income (loss) per share 

In periods of losses, diluted
loss per share is computed on the same basis as basic loss per share as the inclusion of any other potential shares outstanding would
be anti-dilutive. 

as of December 31, 2022. We had no warranty liability as of December 31,
2021. 

Under
ASC 842, the Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement
date based on the present value of remaining lease payments over the lease term. For this purpose, the Company considers only payments
that are fixed and determinable at the time of commencement. As most of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the
Company estimated the incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. The ROU asset also includes any
lease payments made prior to commencement and is recorded net of any lease incentives received. The Company lease terms may include
options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise such options. 

Operating
leases are included in operating lease Right-of-Use assets and operating lease liabilities, current and non-current, on the Company s
consolidated balance sheets. 

 of inventory from two third-party vendors. With the closing of the Champion Entities, the Company no longer purchases a substantial
portion (over of its inventory from these specific third-party vendors. As of December 31, 2022, the net amount due to these specific third-party
vendors (accounts payable and accrued expense) was .
Similarly, as of December 31, 2021, the net amount due to these specific third-party vendors (accounts payable and accrued expenses)
was also .
The loss of manufacturing vendor relationships could have a material effect on the Company, however the Company believes numerous
other suppliers that could be substituted should these specific third-party vendors/suppliers become unavailable or
non-competitive. 

 and ),
respectively. The Company s accumulated deficit was as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. The Company s working capital surplus was as
of December 31, 2022 compared to a working capital deficit of as
of December 31, 2021. The increase in working capital from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022, is due primarily to the Company
closing on its registered public offering in February 2022 its July 2022 private investment in public equity PIPE transaction and its acquisition and integration of the Champion Entities. Until most recently the Company s activities have
been primarily sustained through equity/debt financing and the continued usage of deferral of payments on accounts payable and other
expenses. 

The
ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to raise capital from the sale of its equity
and, ultimately, the achievement of significant operating revenues. 

Management
believes funding can be secured through the obtaining of loans, as well as future offerings of its preferred and common
stock. However, no assurance can be given that the Company will obtain this additional working capital, or if obtained, that such
funding will not cause substantial dilution to its existing stockholders. If the Company is unable to secure such additional funds
from these sources, it may be forced to change or delay some of its business objectives and efforts. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

These
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts
and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Inventory - Deposits and other 
 
 - 
 
 Total Inventory 

With
the Champion acquisition we will soon eliminate the need to hold inventory with our American Rebel, Inc subsidiary at its facility.
We do not believe we have a risk of concentration in our purchasing of inventory materials, sourcing needs or manufacturing. The
Champion acquisition added approximately 
in inventory on the date of purchase less intercompany deposits of approximately .
We have added approximately 
in new inventory purchases over the past 5 months and 3 days, enabling us to take advantage of pricing discounts. 

Vehicles 

Property
 and equipment gross 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Net property and equipment 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we recognized 
 and 
 in depreciation expense, respectively. We depreciate
these assets over a period of sixty months which has been deemed their useful life. We recognized 5 months and 3 days of depreciation expense from the assets that we acquired
with the Champion acquisition. The Champion acquisition added approximately 
 in assets on the date of the purchase . 

. Balances outstanding during the year ended December 31, 2021 were paid
in full during 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company acquired three vehicles from various related parties and assumed the debt secured by each
one of the vehicles. Accordingly, the recorded value for each vehicle is the total debt assumed under each related loan, or a total of
 . All of the loans associated with these transactions were paid in full as of December 31, 2022. 

Charles
A. Ross, Jr. serves as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and director. Compensation for Mr. Ross was and 
plus stock awards of 
and ,
respectively for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Doug E. Grau serves as the Company s President, Interim Principal Accounting Officer and a director. Compensation
for Mr. Grau was and plus stock awards of and , respectively for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

including interest at per annum through January 2023 when the remaining balance is payable. 
 - 

Total recorded as current liability 
 - 

Current
and long-term portion. Total loan balance was paid in full prior to December 31, 2022. 

. The notes were secured by
a pledge of certain of the Company s current inventory and the chief executive officer s personal guaranty. These short-term
working capital notes . In connection with these notes, the Company issued shares of its common stock, warrants
to purchase shares of its common stock. The fair value of these share incentives was calculated to be . The fair value
of the share incentive was recorded as a discount to the note payable and the discount was amortized over the term of those agreements
to interest expense using the straight-line method that approximates the effective interest method. Interest expense recorded as a result
of amortization of discount for the year ended December 31, 2021 was . 

 During the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company and the Company s wholly-owned operating subsidiary completed the conversion of short term notes with a face
value of and accrued interest into shares of common stock with a fair value of , resulting in a loss on extinguishment
of debt of recorded in our consolidated statement of operations. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
through one of its wholly-owned operating subsidiaries completed the sale of several short-term notes under similar terms totaling .
The notes are secured by a pledge of certain items of the Company s current inventory and the chief executive officer s personal
guaranty. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company and one of its wholly-owned operating subsidiaries repaid 
of these short-term notes and completed the conversion of short-term notes with a face value of 
and accrued interest into shares of common stock with a fair value of ,
resulting in a loss on extinguishment of debt of 
recorded in our consolidated statement of operations. The conversion of a substantial portion of the outstanding short-term notes
payable and accrued interest was accomplished and done in connection with the Company s public offering completed during February
of 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the outstanding balance due on the working capital notes was and , respectively. 

and none , respectively, presented within other long-term assets
in our consolidated balance sheets, primarily related to our 2022 acquisition of Champion Entities. In the
4 th quarter of 2022, we performed a qualitative assessment of potential goodwill impairment and determined it was more likely
than not that the fair value of our reporting units exceeded its carrying value. Accordingly, no further impairment testing of goodwill
was performed, and we did not recognize any goodwill impairment for the 4 th quarter or for the year ending December 31, 2022. 

The
Company will review its goodwill for impairment periodically (based on economic conditions) and more specifically in the 4 th 
quarter of its financial reporting year and determine whether impairment is to be recognized within its consolidated statement of operations.
See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for more information on the impairment testing. 

Business
Combination Consideration 

On
June 29, 2022, the Company entered into a stock and membership interest purchase agreement with Champion Safe Co., Inc., Superior Safe,
LLC, Safe Guard Security Products, LLC, Champion Safe De Mexico, S.A. de C.V. (the Champion Entities or Champion and Mr. Ray Crosby (the Seller (the Champion Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to
acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock and membership interests of the Champion Entities from the Seller. 

The
acquisition occurred on July 29, 2022. Under the terms of the Champion Purchase Agreement, the Company paid the Seller (i) cash consideration
of approximately , along with (ii) cash deposits in the amount of , and (iii) reimbursed the Seller for approximately
 of agreed upon acquisitions and equipment purchases completed by the Seller and the Champion Entities since June 30, 2021. In
addition to the payments to the Seller, the Company paid costs on behalf of and specifically associated with the acquisition of Champion
and its integration into the Company s operations of ; was paid to our investment banker in analyzing the acquisition
and purchase of Champion prior to the purchase and subsequent financing in July as well as paid to Champion s independent
PCAOB registered accounting firm to conduct their two years of audit and subsequent interim review reports. 

Accounting
for the Business Combination 

Under
the acquisition method of accounting, the acquired tangible and intangible assets and assumed liabilities are recognized based on their
estimated fair values as of the business combination closing date. The pro forma adjustments are preliminary and based on estimates of
the fair value and useful lives of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of December 31, 2022 and have been prepared to illustrate
the estimated effect of the business combination (see Note 15 Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information (Unaudited). 

The
Company may recognize a deferred tax benefit as a result of the acquisition. Due to the acquisition, a temporary difference between the
book and the tax basis for the intangible assets acquired may be created resulting in a deferred tax liability and additional goodwill.
No deferred tax benefit was recorded in the combined pro forma financial statements. 

The
acquisition was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805. As such, the total purchase consideration was allocated
to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values as of July 29, 2022. The purchase price allocation is dependent
upon certain valuation and other studies that have not yet been completed. Accordingly, the pro forma purchase price allocation is subject
to further adjustments as additional information becomes available and as additional analyses and final valuations are conducted following
the completion of the business combination. There can be no assurances that these additional analyses and final valuations will not result
in significant changes to the estimates of fair value set forth below. 

The
following is the preliminary estimate of the fair value of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and ensuing goodwill identified,
reconciled to the purchase price transferred: 

Inventory 

Fixed assets 

Deposits and other assets 

Customer list and other intangibles 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other 

Goodwill 

Consideration 

Consideration: 

Payments of cash direct to Seller 

Debt payments on behalf of Seller - guarantor 

Payments to various service providers 

Total Purchase Price 

The
Company s preliminary estimates of fair values of the net assets acquired are based solely on the information that was
available at the date of the acquisition, and the Company is continuing to evaluate the underlying inputs and assumptions used in
its valuations. Accordingly, these preliminary estimates are subject to change during the measurement period, which is up to one
year from the date of the acquisition. - Customer list and other intangibles are combined with goodwill at
the end of each period and evaluated as to fair value. At December 31, 2022 it was determined that total intangible assets (which includes
goodwill) has a fair value of million). 

and ,
respectively, which begins to expire in 2034. 

Total deferred tax asset 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

Valuation
allowance for deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. In assessing
the recovery of the deferred tax asset, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or the entire deferred
tax asset will not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax asset is dependent upon the generation of future taxable
income in the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversals of future
deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

shares of its par value common stock and shares of its par value
preferred stock. 

Common
and Preferred stock 

For the month of
January 2021 the following transactions occurred: On January 5, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of common stock of the Company valued at 
per share as an interest payment on an outstanding note payable. On January 12, 2021, the Company received an equity investment of 
to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock by subscription agreement at 
per share. 

For the month of March 2021 the following transactions occurred: 

For
the month of April 2021 the following transactions occurred: On April 9, 2021, in connection with a bridge
loan, the Company issued Ronald A. Smith, our Chief Operating Officer, a warrant to purchase shares
of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per
share with a five-year term.
On April 9, 2021, the Company entered into two employment agreements with recently appointed officers, whereby it agreed to issue shares
of common stock to such officers. In addition, the Company entered into amendments to the current employment agreements with its
Chief Executive Officer and President, whereby it agreed to issue shares
of its common stock. On April 20, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock in return for services rendered. On April 22, 2021, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with a current
debt holder, whereby the Company agreed to repay the balance
owing on the note owed with a cash payment of and
the issuance of shares
of common stock, with a stated value of . 

For
the month of June 2021 the following transactions occurred: On June 11, 2021, the Company sold units
at per
unit consisting of shares
of Series B preferred stock and three-year warrants
to purchase share
of common stock per warrant at to
an accredited investor. On June 14, 2021, the Company sold units
at per
unit consisting of shares
of Series B preferred stock and three-year warrants
to purchase share
of common stock per warrant at to
an accredited investor. On June 14, 2021, a holder of various outstanding notes converted outstanding principal and interest to units
at per
unit consisting of shares
of Series B Preferred Stock and three-year
warrants to purchase share
of common stock per warrant at .
On June 15, 2021, a holder of various outstanding notes converted outstanding principal and interest to units
at per
unit consisting of shares
of Series B preferred stock and three-year
warrants to purchase share
of common stock per warrant at .
On June 15, 2021, a holder of an outstanding note converted outstanding principal and interest to units
at per
unit consisting of shares
of Series B preferred stock and three-year
warrants to purchase share
of common stock per warrant at .
On June 18, 2021, the Company sold units
at per
unit consisting of shares
of Series B preferred stock and three-year
warrants to purchase share
of common stock per warrant at to
an accredited investor. On June 21, 2021, a holder of an outstanding note converted a portion of outstanding principal to units
at per
unit consisting of shares
of Series B preferred stock and three-year
warrants to purchase share
of common stock per warrant at .
On June 28, 2021, the Company sold units
at per
unit consisting of shares
of Series B preferred stock and three-year
warrants to purchase share
of common stock per warrant at to
an accredited investor. On
June 29, 2021, a holder of an outstanding note converted outstanding principal and interest to units
at per
unit consisting of shares
of Series B preferred stock and three-year
warrants to purchase share
of common stock per warrant at . On
June 29, 2021, a holder of an outstanding note converted outstanding principal and interest to units
at per
unit consisting of shares
of Series B preferred stock and three-year
warrants to purchase share
of common stock per warrant at .
On June 30, 2021, the Company sold units
at per
unit consisting of shares
of Series B preferred stock and three-year
warrants to purchase share
of common stock per warrant at to
an accredited investor. On June 30, 2021, the Company sold units
at per
unit consisting of shares
of Series B preferred stock and three-year
warrants to purchase share
of common stock per warrant at to
an accredited investor. 

For
the month of July 2021 the following transactions occurred: On July 21, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock as interest payments on an outstanding note. On July 22, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock as a component of a note payable. On July 26, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation and Amendment
with the Nevada Secretary of State to increase the number of shares constituting the Series B Convertible preferred stock from to .
On July 26, 2021, the Company sold units
at per
unit consisting of shares
of Series B preferred stock and three-year
warrants to purchase share
of common stock per warrant at to
an accredited investor by subscription agreement. On July 29, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock as a conversion of Series B preferred stock. On July 30, 2021, pursuant to its 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan, the
Company issued shares
of common stock to Rocco LaVista, our VP of Business Development, for services. 

For
the month of August 2021 the following transactions occurred: On August 3, 2021, pursuant to its 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan, the
Company issued shares
of common stock to Charles A. Ross, Jr., our CEO, for services. On August 4, 2021, pursuant to its 2021 Long-Term Incentive
Plan, the Company issued shares
of common stock to Doug E. Grau, our President, for services. On
August 12, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock as an interest payment on an outstanding note. On August 18, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock upon conversion of 42,658 shares of Series B preferred stock. 

For
the month of September 2021 the following transactions occurred: On September 3, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock as a component of a note. On September 8, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock as an interest payment on an outstanding note. On September 21, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock as a component of a note. On September 21, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock as a component of a note. On September 30, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock as a component of a note extension. On September 30, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock as an interest payment on an outstanding note. On
September 30, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock as an interest payment on outstanding notes. 

For the month of October
2021 the following transactions occurred: On October 25, 2021, the Company issued 
 shares of common stock and 
 three-year warrants to purchase common stock for 
 for an investment of 
 by an accredited investor. On October 29, 2021, the
Company issued 
 shares of common stock as an interest payment
on an outstanding note. On October 29, 2021, pursuant to its 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Company issued 
 shares of common stock to a legal consultant
of the Company for services. On October 29, 2021, pursuant to its 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Company issued 
 shares of common stock to a financial consultant
of the Company for services. 

For
the month of December 2021 the following transactions occurred: On December 2, 2021, pursuant to its 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan,
the Company issued shares
of common stock to a consultant of the Company for services. On December 2, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock as interest payments on outstanding notes. On December 2, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock to convert three outstanding notes to equity. On December 2, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock as a conversion of Series B Preferred stock. On December 2, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock in return for services. 

For
the month of February 2022 the following transactions occurred: On February 3, 2022, multiple Series B Convertible Preferred stockholders
converted shares of their Series B Convertible preferred stock to shares of common stock of the Company. On February
3, 2022, the Company converted two outstanding notes into shares of common stock of the Company. On February 10, 2022, the Company
received an equity investment of to purchase shares of the Company s common stock through a registered public
offering at per share. 

For
the month of July 2022 the following transactions occurred: On July 12, 2022, we entered into a PIPE transaction with Armistice Capital
Master Fund Ltd. for the purchase and sale of of securities, consisting of (i) shares of common stock at 
per share, (ii) prefunded warrants (the Prefunded Warrants that are exercisable into 11,202,401 shares of common stock
(the Prefunded Warrant Shares at per Prefunded Warrant, and (iii) immediately exercisable warrants to purchase up
to shares of common stock at an initial exercise price of per share and will expire five years from the date of issuance. 

At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively;
and and shares of Series B preferred stock issued and outstanding, respectively, and and shares of its
Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

shares of the Company s common stock at 
 per share in connection with short term financing. In July 2021, the Company issued three-year
 warrants to purchase 
 shares of the Company s common stock at 
 per share in connection with conversion of short-term debt to Preferred and common stock. In August 2021, the Company issued three-year
warrants to purchase 
 shares of the Company s common stock at 
 per share in connection with conversion of short-term debt to Preferred and common stock. In September 2021, the Company issued
 five-year warrants to purchase 
 shares of the Company s common stock at 
 per share in connection with short term financing. In October 2021, the Company issued three-year
 warrants to purchase 
 shares of the Company s common stock at 
 per share in connection with sale of common stock. 

On February 10, 2022, the Company received an equity
investment of to purchase shares of the Company s common stock through a registered public offering at 
per share. Along with the issuance of the shares of common stock, the Company issued immediately exercisable warrants to purchase up to
 shares of common stock with an exercise price of per warrant and will expire five years from the date of issuance. Commensurate
with the February 10, 2022 offering the Company issued to its underwriters immediately exercisable warrants to purchase up to 
shares of common stock with an exercise price of per warrant and will expire five years from the date of issuance. 

On February 11, 2022, we entered into a transaction
with Calvary Fund, the provider of our 2021 bridge financing for the retirement of its debt instrument, principal and interest with a
combined value of through the issuance of securities, consisting of (i) prefunded warrants (the Calvary Warrants that are exercisable into shares of common stock (the Calvary Warrant Shares at per Calvary Warrant, and
(iii) immediately exercisable warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock with an exercise price of per warrant
and will expire five years from the date of issuance. 

On
July 12, 2022, we entered into a PIPE transaction with Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. for the purchase and sale of 
of securities, consisting of (i) shares of common stock at per share, (ii) prefunded warrants (the Prefunded Warrants that are exercisable into shares of common stock (the Prefunded Warrant Shares at per Prefunded Warrant,
and (iii) immediately exercisable warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock with an exercise price of 
per warrant and will expire five years from the date of issuance. 

As
of December 31, 2022, no Prefunded Warrants remained issued and outstanding with respect to the July PIPE transaction. The Prefunded
Warrants were purchased in their entirety by the holders of the warrants for 
per warrant. The Prefunded Warrants required the payment of an additional 
per warrant and the written notice of exercise to the Company to convert the Prefunded Warrant into one share of common stock of the
Company. During the period from July 12, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the Company received notice on 
 Prefunded Warrants converting into 
shares of common stock. 

Calvary Fund exercised all of its Calvary Warrants
by November 30, 2022 requiring the payment of an additional per warrant and the written notice of exercise to the Company to convert
the Calvary Warrant into one share of common stock of the Company. Calvary Fund continues to hold the warrants exercisable at
a price of per warrant. 

Along
with the Prefunded Warrants the PIPE investors were issued immediately exercisable warrants to purchase up to shares of the
Company s common stock with an exercise price of per share expiring five years from the date of issuance, or July 11, 2027.
Each Prefunded Warrant and share of common stock issued in the PIPE transaction received two warrants that were exercisable at 
per share with a five-year expiry. None of these warrants have been exercised by the holders. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 
warrants issued and outstanding to acquire additional shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2021, there were 
warrants issued and outstanding to acquire additional shares of common stock. 

The
Company evaluates outstanding warrants as derivative liabilities and will recognize any changes in the fair value through earnings. The
Company determined that the Warrants have an immaterial fair value at December 31, 2022. The warrants do not trade in a highly active
securities market, and as such, the Company estimated the fair value of these common stock equivalents using Black-Scholes and the following
assumptions: 

Expected volatility was based primarily on historical volatility. Historical volatility was computed using daily
pricing observations for recent periods. The Company believes this method produced an estimate that was representative of the Company s
expectations of future volatility over the expected term which due to their maturity period as expiry, it was three years. The Company
had no reason to believe future volatility over the expected remaining life of these common stock equivalents was likely to differ materially
from historical volatility. Expected life was based on three years due to the expiry of maturity. The risk-free rate was based on the
U.S. Treasury rate that corresponded to the expected term of the common stock equivalents. 

Exercise Price 

Term (expected in years) 

Volatility 

Annual Rate of Dividends 

Risk-Free Rate 

Stock
Purchase Warrants 

years 
 - 
 
 Granted 

years 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding and Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

years 
 - 
 
 Granted 

years 
 - 
 
 Granted in Debt Conversion 

years 

Granted Prefunded Warrants 

years 

Granted in PIPE transaction 

years 

Exercised 

- 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding and Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

years 
 - 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company does not have any equipment leases whereby we finance this equipment needed for operations at
competitive finance rates. New equipment to be financed in the near term, if necessary, may not be obtainable at competitive pricing with increasing
interest rates. 

Rental
equipment expense for finance leases totaled approximately none and none for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Right
of Use Assets and Lease Liabilities 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The standard requires lessees to recognize almost all leases on the
balance sheet as a Right-of-Use ROU asset and a lease liability and requires leases to be classified as either an operating
or a finance type lease. The standard excludes leases of intangible assets or inventory. The standard became effective for the Company
beginning January 1, 2019. The Company adopted ASC 842 using the modified retrospective approach, by applying the new standard to all
leases existing at the date of initial application. Results and disclosure requirements for reporting periods beginning after January
1, 2019, are presented under ASC 842, while prior period amounts have not been adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with
our historical accounting under ASC 840. The Company elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the standard, which
also allowed the Company to carry forward historical lease classifications. The Company also elected the practical expedient related
to treating lease and non-lease components as a single lease component for all equipment leases as well as electing a policy exclusion
permitting leases with an original lease term of less than one year to be excluded from the ROU assets and lease liabilities. 

Under
ASC 842, the Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement
date based on the present value of remaining lease payments over the lease term. For this purpose, the Company considers only payments
that are fixed and determinable at the time of commencement. As most of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the
Company estimated the incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. The ROU asset also includes any
lease payments made prior to commencement and is recorded net of any lease incentives received. The Company lease terms may include
options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise such options. 

On
January 1, 2019, the Company adopted ASC 842 which increases transparency and comparability by recognizing a lessee s rights and
obligations resulting from leases by recording them on the balance sheet as lease assets and lease liabilities. ASC 842 requires the
recognition of the right-of-use ROU assets and related operating and finance lease liabilities on the balance sheet.
The Company adopted the new guidance using the modified retrospective approach with a cumulative-effect adjustment recorded on January
1, 2019. 

The
adoption of ASC 842 resulted in the recognition of ROU assets of and lease liabilities for operating leases of on the Company s
consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2019, with no material impact to its consolidated statements of operations. The difference
between the ROU assets and the operating lease liability represents the reclassification of (i) deferred rent balances, resulting from
the historical operating leases, and (ii) certain accrued restructuring liabilities. The Company s accounting for finance leases
remained substantially unchanged from its accounting for capital leases in prior periods. 

The
Company elected the package of practical expedients permitted within the standard, which allow an entity to forgo reassessing (i) whether
a contract contains a lease, (ii) classification of leases, and (iii) whether capitalized costs associated with a lease meet the definition
of initial direct costs. Also, the Company elected the expedient allowing an entity to use hindsight to determine the lease term and
impairment of ROU assets and the expedient related to land easements which allows the Company not to retrospectively treat land easements
as leases; however, the Company must apply lease accounting prospectively to land easements if they meet the definition of a lease. 

For
contracts entered into on or after the effective date, at the inception of a contract the Company will assess whether the contract is,
or contains, a lease. The Company s assessment is based on: (i) whether the contract involves the use of a distinct identified
asset, (ii) whether the Company obtained the right to substantially all the economic benefit from the use of the asset throughout the
period, and (iii) whether the Company has the right to direct the use of the asset. Leases entered into prior to January 1, 2019, are
accounted for under ASC 840 and were not reassessed for classification. 

For
operating leases, the lease liability is initially and subsequently measured at the present value of the unpaid lease payments. For finance
leases, the lease liability is initially measured in the same manner and date as for operating leases, and is subsequently measured at
amortized cost using the effective interest method. The Company generally uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate for
leases, unless an interest rate is implicitly stated in the lease. The lease term for all of the Company s leases includes the
noncancellable period of the lease plus any additional periods covered by either a Company option to extend the lease that the Company
is reasonably certain to exercise, or an option to extend the lease controlled by the lessor. All ROU assets are reviewed for impairment. 

Lease
expense for operating leases consists of the lease payments plus any initial direct costs, net of lease incentives, and is recognized
on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Lease expense for finance leases consists of the amortization of the asset on a straight-line
basis over the earlier of the lease term or its useful life and interest expense determined on an amortized cost basis. The lease payments
are allocated between a reduction of the lease liability and interest expense. 

The
Company s operating leases are comprised primarily of a facility lease and we have no finance leases for our vehicles or equipment.

- 
 
 Right-of-use lease liability, current 
 Other current liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use lease liability, long-term 
 Right-of-use operating lease liability 
 
 - 

Finance leases: 

Right-of-use lease assets 
 Property, plant and equipment 
 - 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use lease liability, current 
 Current portion of long-term debt 
 - 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use lease liability, long-term 
 Long-term debt 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Finance lease expense: 

Amortization of assets 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest on lease liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total finance lease expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating lease expense, net 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Cash Paid For Amounts Included In Measurement of Liabilities: 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 
 - 
 
 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term: 

Operating leases 
 years 
 years 
 
 Finance leases 
 years 
 years 
 
 Weighted Average Discount Rate: 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 
 n/a 
 n/a 

The
minimum future annual payments under non-cancellable leases during the next five years and thereafter, at rates now in force, are as
follows: 

2024 
 - 

2025 
 - 

2026 
 - 

2027 
 - 

Thereafter 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total future minimum lease payments, undiscounted 
 - 

Less: Imputed interest 
 (- 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 
 - 

Total Current Liabilities 
 Total Current Liabilities 

Rental expense totaled approximately and for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

in additional funding secured by all of Champion Safe Company s inventory and account receivables. 

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

 UNAUDITED
COMBINED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

- 

- 

Accounts receivable 

() 

- 

Prepaid expense 

- 

- 

Inventory 

- 

- 

Inventory deposits and other 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Total Current Assets 

() 

- 

Property and Equipment, net 

- 

- 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Goodwill and Purchase Consideration 

() 

(243,899) 

Right of use - Assets 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Lease deposits 

- 

- 

10,252,170 

257,181 

(5,918,319) 

327,000 

4,705,703 

TOTAL ASSETS 

() 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expense 

- 

- 

Accrued interest 

- 

- 

- 

Loan officer - related party 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Loan working capital 

() 

- 

Loans - nonrelated parties 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total Current Liabilities 

() 

- 

Right of use - Liabilities 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

() 

- 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT): 

Preferred stock, Class A 

- 

- 

- 

Preferred stock, Class B 

- 

- 

- 

Preferred
 stock 

Common stock, 

- 

- 

- 

Additional paid in capital 

() 

- 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

- 

- 

() 
 
 TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

() 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

() 

AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 

American 
 Rebel Holdings, Inc 
 Champion
 Safe Et Al Company 
 Purchase
 Transaction Accounting 
 Financing
 Transaction Accounting 
 Pro
 Forma 

Historical 
 Historical 
 Adjustments 
 Adjustments 
 Combined 

31-Dec-21 
 31-Dec-21 
 31-Dec-21 
 31-Dec-21 
 31-Dec-21 

(unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Revenue 

- 

Cost
 of goods sold 

- 

Gross
 margin 

- 
 - 

Expenses: 

Consulting
 business development 

- 
 - 

Product
 development costs 

- 
 - 

Marketing
 and brand development costs 

- 
 - 

Administrative
 and other 

- 
 - 

Depreciation
 expense 

- 
 - 

Operating
 expenses 

- 
 - 

Operating
 income (loss) 

- 
 - 

Other
 Income (Expense) 

Interest
 expense 

- 

Interest
 Income 
 - 

Payroll
 Protection Loan Forgiven 
 - 

- 

Gain
 (Loss) on extinguishment of debt 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 income (loss) before income tax provision 

- 

Provision
 for income tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 income (loss) 

- 

Basic
 and diluted income (loss) per share 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Weighted
 average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 

American Rebel Holdings, Inc 
 Champion Acquisition 
 Purchase Transaction Accounting 
 Financing Transaction Accounting 
 Pro Forma 

Historical 
 Historical 
 Adjustments 
 Adjustments 
 Combined 

31-Dec-22 
 31-Dec-22 
 31-Dec-22 
 31-Dec-22 
 31-Dec-22 

(unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Revenue 

- 

Cost of goods sold 

- 

Gross margin 

- 

Expenses: 

Consulting/payroll and other payroll 

- 
 - 

Product development costs 

- 
 - 

Marketing and brand development costs 

- 
 - 

Administrative and other 

- 

Depreciation expense 

- 
 - 

Operating expenses 

- 

Operating income (loss) 

- 

Other Income (Expense) 

Interest expense 

- 
 - 

Interest income 

- 
 - 

Gain/loss on sale of assets 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Gain (Loss) on extinguishment of debt 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) before income tax provision 

- 

Provision for income tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income (loss) 

- 

Basic and diluted income (loss) per share 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Basis of Presentation 

The historical financial information has been adjusted
in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information to give effect to events that are (1) directly attributable to the
transaction, (2) factually supportable, and (3) with respect to the statement of operations, expected to have a continuing impact on the
combined results. The pro forma adjustments are based on estimates of the fair value and useful lives of the assets acquired
and liabilities assumed and have been prepared to illustrate the estimated effect of the transaction and certain other adjustments. The
final determination of the purchase price allocation was based on the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of
the date the transaction closed, which was July 29, 2022. 

The Company s and Champion
Entities historical results reflect the audited condensed statements of operations for the twelve months ended December
31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, and the audited condensed balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

Description of Transaction 

On June 29, 2022, the Company entered into and executed
a stock and membership interest purchase agreement with Champion Safe Co., Inc., Superior Safe, LLC, Safe Guard Security Products, LLC,
Champion Safe De Mexico, S.A. de C.V. (the Champion Entities and Mr. Ray Crosby Seller (the Champion
Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock and membership interests
of Champion Entities from the Seller. 

Under the terms of the Champion Purchase Agreement, the Company paid the
Seller (i) cash consideration of approximately , along with (ii) previously provided cash deposits in the amount of ,
and (iii) reimbursed Seller for approximately of agreed upon acquisitions and equipment purchases which were completed by the
Seller through Champion Entities since June 30, 2021. Of total cash consideration paid to the Seller, the Seller commensurate with
the closing retired a line of credit held by Champion Entities of approximately and approximately in related party
loans due to the Seller by Champion Entities. All were recorded on Champion Entities books and recorded prior to July 29, 2022,
the closing date. 

Reclassification Adjustments 

The accounting policies used in the preparation of
this unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information are those as set out in the Company s audited consolidated financial
statements as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. With the information
currently available, the Company determined that no significant adjustments are necessary to conform Champion Entities consolidated
financial statements to the accounting policies used by the Company. The Company determined that the Right-to-Use assets and liabilities of the Champion Acquisition provided a net, net
effect of zero to its financial presentation and condition, therefore leaving out of the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information as of December 31, 2022. 

The reclassification adjustments are based on currently
available information and assumptions management believes are, under the circumstances and given the information available, reasonable,
and reflective of any adjustments necessary to report the Company s financial condition and results of operations as if the acquisition
were completed in the presentation. 

The combined company finalized the review of all accounting
policies and reclassifications, which were not deemed to be materially different from the amounts set forth in the unaudited pro forma
condensed combined financial information presented herein. The reclassification adjustments for proforma presentation currently identified
are as follows: 

Transaction Consideration 

Total transaction consideration was approximately
 as determined through the actual purchase price of as described above in Note 2 to this unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information. 

Cash payment due at closing 

Reimbursement for equipment purchased since June 30, 2021 

Transaction Consideration 

Total additional costs directly attributed to the
purchase of the Champion Entities was and additional as determined through various expenditures or costs that the Company
incurred in completing the transaction with the Champion Entities. Those costs were approximately paid to the Company s
investment banker for its services on the acquisition as well as approximately in fees paid to the auditors of Champion Entities
which so happen to be the Company s auditor. 

Allocation of Consideration 

Under the acquisition method of accounting, the identifiable
assets acquired, and liabilities assumed of Champion Entities are recognized and measured at fair value as of the closing date of the
combination and added to those of the Company. The determination of fair value used in the transaction-related adjustments presented herein
are based on management estimates of the fair value and useful lives of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and have been prepared
to illustrate the effect of the acquisition. The Company used the assistance of outside professionals and valuation experts to determine
if there should be any impairment charges or other to these estimated numbers as of December 31, 2022. Final allocation of consideration,
upon completion of the acquisition, was based on Champion s assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date,
July 29, 2022. 

The following table sets forth an allocation of the
approximate consideration plus additional costs to acquire the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed
of Champion Entities based on Champion Entities unaudited consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, with the estimated
excess recorded to goodwill: 

Total liabilities (approximate) 

Net acquired tangible assets 

Goodwill and other intangible assets 

Allocation of the Estimated Transaction Consideration 

Pro Forma Adjustments 

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance
Sheet Adjustments 

Cost of Goods Sold 

General and Administrative Costs 
 
 - 
 
 Pro forma net adjustment 
 
 - 

c. 
 To adjust interest expense and loss on extinguishment of debt based upon debt obligations eliminated by working capital financing (of which there is none required) in connection with the acquisition: 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 

Interest expense 

- 

() 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 

- 

() 
 
 Pro forma net adjustment 

- 

() 

F- 27 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

We have had no disagreements with accountants on accounting
and financial disclosure. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The
Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s
Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time communicated to the Company s management,
including its Chief Executive Officer and Interim Principal Accounting Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure based closely on the definition of disclosure controls and procedures in Rule 13a-15(e). The Company s
disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide a reasonable level of assurance of reaching the Company s desired disclosure
control objectives. In designing periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and evaluating
the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its
judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. The Company s certifying officers, Principal
Executive Officer, and Interim Principal Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
are effective in reaching that level of assurance. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer, Charles A. Ross, Jr., and our Interim Principal Accounting Officer, Doug E. Grau evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the
period covered by this Annual Report. Based on the evaluation, Messrs. Ross and Grau concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures are effective in timely alerting them to material information relating to us required to be included in our periodic SEC
filings. The Company hired a new financial expert with the experience in creating and managing internal control systems as well as
to continue to improve the effectiveness of our internal controls and financial disclosure controls with the loss of Mr. John
Garrison who served and acted in the role of Chief Financial Officer from February 2022 through July 2022, ceasing in that role due
to his death. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
based on the criteria set forth in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report does not include
an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. As we are a non-accelerated
filer, management s report is not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm. 

This
Annual Report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the
liabilities of that section, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the
date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 

Management has confidence in its
internal controls and procedures. The Company s management believes that a control system, no matter how well designed and operated
can provide only reasonable assurance and cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the internal control system are met,
and no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a
company have been detected. Further, the design of an internal control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitation in all internal control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issuers and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have
been detected. 

46 

Changes in Internal Controls 

There were no changes in the Company s
internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Internal control systems, no matter
how well designed and operated, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even a system which is determined to be effective cannot provide
absolute assurance that all control issues have been detected or prevented. Our systems of internal controls are designed to provide reasonable
assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Effective April 4, 2023, Ken Yonika,
a member of the Board of Directors of the Registrant, a member and the Chairman of the Audit Committee, a member of the Compensation Committee,
and a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee, resigned. The Registrant is not aware of any disagreement Mr. Yonika may have
with it on any matter relating to the Registrant s operations, policies or practices. 

Corey Lambrecht will assume the
role as the Registrant s Audit Committee Chairman effective immediately. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not Applicable. 

47 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding the executive officers and directors of American Rebel Holdings, Inc. as of December 31, 2022. 

All directors of the Company hold
office until the next annual meeting of the security holders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. Officers of the
Company are appointed by our Board and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. Our directors and executive
officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Positions Held with the Company 
 
 Age 
 
 Date First Elected 
or Appointed 
 
 Executive Officers 

Charles A. Ross, Jr. 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 56 
 
 June 9, 2016 

Doug E. Grau 
 
 President, Interim Principal Accounting Officer
 and Director 
 
 60 
 
 February 12, 2020 

Ronald A. Smith 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 62 
 
 April 9, 2021 

Non-Employee Directors 

Corey Lambrecht 
 
 Lead Independent Director 
 
 53 
 
 February 12, 2020 

Michael Dean Smith 
 
 Director 
 
 53 
 
 February 8, 2022 

Ken Yonika 
 
 Director 
 
 60 
 
 February 8, 2022 

Executive Officers 

Charles A. Ross, Jr., Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Mr. Ross is currently the Company s
CEO and a Director. He has held these positions since June 20, 2016. He is responsible for all duties required of a corporate officer
and the development of the business. From December 15, 2014 through April 9, 2021, Mr. Ross served as the sole officer and director of
American Rebel, Inc. He now serves as Secretary/Treasurer and a director. American Rebel, Inc. has developed a product line of concealed
carry products that officially launch at the 2017 NRA Convention April 27 30 in Atlanta, GA. Prior to founding American Rebel,
Inc. Mr. Ross founded many companies including Digital Ally, Inc. (NASDAQ: DGLY), which he established in 2004. In addition to his entrepreneurial
accomplishments, Mr. Ross served as host for ten years of his own television show, Maximum Archery World Tour , where he bowhunted
all over the world including traditional hunts and some of the world s most dangerous game. Maximum Archery World Tour evolved
into his new show, American Rebel , which featured Mr. Ross s music, patriotism, his support of the 2 nd Amendment
and celebrated the American Rebel Spirit in all of us. Mr. Ross has released three CDs and his song American Rebel 
has become the theme song for American Rebel. 

Doug E. Grau, President, Interim Principal Accounting Officer and Director 

Mr. Grau is currently our president,
interim principal accounting officer and a director. He also serves as a director of American Rebel, Inc., our wholly-owned operating
subsidiary. Mr. Grau has produced Chief Executive Officer Andy Ross s three CDs and has worked with Andy in various capacities for thirteen years. Mr.
Grau worked as an executive at Warner Bros. Records in Nashville for fifteen years, developing the talents of Travis Tritt, Little Texas,
David Ball, Jeff Foxworthy, Bill Engvall, Larry the Cable Guy, Ron White, and others. Mr. Grau graduated from Belmont University in Nashville,
TN in 1985 with a Bachelor s degree in Business Administration. 

48 

Ronald A. Smith, Chief Operating Officer 

Mr. Smith was appointed as Chief
Operating Officer and chairman on April 9, 2021. He also serves as Chief Executive Officer/President and a director of American Rebel, Inc., our wholly-owned
operating subsidiary. Ronald Smith brings nearly 40 years of experience in company management to his position as Chief Executive Officer of American Rebel.
For more than 23 years, he was the Owner/President of LADS Pet Supplies, a premium pet supplies wholesale distributor in the northeastern
US that his parents founded in 1963. His role consisted of overseeing all facets of the business including sales and marketing, warehouse
operations and shipping, and accounting and finance. Ronald provided a vision for growth and development of the business in a competitive,
rapidly growing marketplace. It was Ronald s leadership that helped guide their team to successfully grow and develop many start-up
products into brand leaders in their category and vastly expand the business his parents had founded. As a respected distributor in the
industry, he was able to foster business relationships with hundreds of business partners, including Proctor Gamble, Mars and Bayer.
After his nearly 40 years of experiencing the industry evolve into one of the largest and fastest growing sectors, Ronald sold his business
to a national distribution company and retired from the pet supplies industry. His passion is developing strong relationships with brands
that fall in the independent retail channel and Ronald is excited to use his experience and passion to help build the American Rebel brand
into a category leader in the independent channel. 

Non-Employee Directors 

Corey Lambrecht,
Lead Independent Director 

Mr. Lambrecht is a 20+ year public
company executive with broad experience in strategic acquisitions, corporate turnarounds, new business development, pioneering consumer
products, corporate licensing, interactive technology services in addition to holding public company executive roles with responsibilities
including day-to-day business operations, management, raising capital, board communication and investor relations. He is a Certified Director
from the UCLA Anderson Graduate School of Management accredited Directors program. Since 2007 he has been a Director of CUI Global, Inc.
(NASDAQ: CUI) and has served multiple terms on the Audit Committee and currently serves as the Compensation Committee Chairman. Mr. Lambrecht
served on the Board of ORHub, Inc. (OTC: ORHB) from July 2016 through December 2019. On January 17, 2020, Mr. Lambrecht was appointed
to serve as the Chief Financial Officer for Singlepoint Inc. (OTC: SING) and he previously served as a Board Member for Lifestyle Wireless,
Inc. which, in 2012 merged into Singlepoint. In December 2011 he joined the Board of Guardian 8 Holdings, a leading non-lethal security
product company, serving until early 2016. He most recently served as the President and Chief Operating Officer at Earth911 Inc., a subsidiary
of Infinity Resources Holdings Company (OTC: IRHC) from January 2010 to July 2013. 

Michael Dean Smith, Director 

Mr. Smith has been an independent
director since February 2022 and has, since 2017, been Vice President of Industrial Maintenance, Inc. From 1997-2017, Mr. Smith served
in various positions with Payless Shoe Source. Mr. Smith holds B.S. in Business Administration and Accounting from the University of Kansas,
and MBA from Washburn University. 

Ken Yonika, Director 

Mr. Yonika has been an independent
director since February 2022 and has served as Chief Executive Officer and President at Pacific
Crest Equity Partners, Inc. since 2000. Mr. Yonika earned a B.B.A. from Western Connecticut State University in 1988 with a major in accounting
and a minor in Finance . Mr. Yonika is a former auditor with a Big 4 public accounting firm as well as working as a tax senior with a mid-tier
public accounting firm for a number of years. Mr. Yonika s focus has been on financial reporting for publicly held companies and
their compliance with SEC regulations and requirements. Effective April 4, 2023, Mr. Yonika resigned from the board and its committees. 

49 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Concurrent with our February 2022 public offering, we made significant corporate governance changes,
which are set forth below. All three independent directors have maintained their roles as members of the board of directors for the year ended
December 31, 2022 through the date of this Annual Report. 

Director Independence 

The board of directors has reviewed
the independence of our directors based on the listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market. Based on this review, the board of directors
has determined that each of Corey Lambrecht, Michael Dean Smith and Ken Yonika are independent within the meaning of the Nasdaq Capital
Market rules. In making this determination, our board of directors considered the relationships that each of these non-employee directors
has with us and all other facts and circumstances our board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence. As required
under applicable Nasdaq Capital Market rules, we anticipate that our independent directors will meet in regularly scheduled executive
sessions at which only independent directors are present. 

Board Committees 

Our Board has established the
following three standing committees: an audit committee; a compensation committee; and a nominating and governance committee or nominating
committee. Our board of directors has adopted written charters for each of these committees. Copies of their charters are available on
our website. Our board of directors may establish other committees as it deems necessary or appropriate from time to time. 

The following table identifies
the independent and non-independent current Board and committee members through the date of this filing: 

Name 
 Audit 
 Compensation 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance 
 Independent 
 
 Charles A. Ross, Jr. 

Doug E. Grau 

Corey Lambrecht 
 X 
 X 
 X 
 X 
 
 Michael Dean Smith 
 X 
 X 
 X 
 X 
 
 Ken Yonika 
 X 
 X 
 X 
 X 

Effective April 4, 2023, Mr.
Yonika resigned as a member the board and its committees. 

50 

Audit Committee 

Our board of directors established
the audit committee for the purpose of overseeing the accounting and financial reporting process and audits of our financial statements.
The audit committee is responsible for, among other matters: 

appointing, compensating, retaining, evaluating, terminating, and overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm; 

discussing with our independent registered public accounting firm the independence of its members from its management; 

reviewing with our independent registered public accounting firm the scope and results of their audit; 

approving all audit and permissible non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm; 

overseeing the financial reporting process and discussing with management and our independent registered public accounting firm the interim and annual financial statements that we file with the SEC; 

reviewing and monitoring our accounting principles, accounting policies, financial and accounting controls, and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; 

coordinating the oversight by our board of directors of our code of business conduct and our disclosure controls and procedures; 

establishing procedures for the confidential and/or anonymous submission of concerns regarding accounting, internal controls or auditing matters; and 

reviewing and approving related-person transactions. 

Our
audit committee consists of Corey Lambrecht, Michael Dean Smith and Ken Yonika. Ken Yonika serves as the chairman. Our board of
directors has affirmatively determined that each of the members; Corey Lambrecht, Michael Dean Smith and Ken Yonika qualify as an
 audit committee financial expert, as defined by Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. 

Our board of directors has affirmatively
determined that each of the members; Corey Lambrecht, Michael Dean Smith and Ken Yonika meet the definition of an independent director 
for purposes of serving on the audit committee under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and the Nasdaq Capital Market rules and requirements. 

Compensation Committee 

Our board of directors has established
the compensation committee for the purpose of reviewing, recommending and approving our compensation policies and benefits, including
the compensation of all of our executive officers and directors. The compensation committee is responsible for, among other matters: 

reviewing key employee compensation goals, policies, plans and programs; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of our directors and executive officers; 

reviewing and approving employment agreements and other similar arrangements between us and our executive officers; and 

appointing and overseeing any compensation consultants or advisors. 

Our compensation committee consists
of Corey Lambrecht, Michael Dean Smith and Ken Yonika. Corey Lambrecht serves as the chairman. In determining that each of the members;
Corey Lambrecht, Michael Dean Smith and Ken Yonika qualify as an independent director pursuant to Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange
Act, the board of directors also considered all factors required by Rule 5605(d)(2)(A) and any and all other applicable regulations or
rules promulgated by the SEC and the Nasdaq Capital Market rules relating to the compensation committee composition. 

51 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our board of directors has established
the nominating and corporate governance committee for the purpose of assisting the board in identifying qualified individuals to become
board members, in determining the composition of the board and in monitoring the process to assess board effectiveness. Our nominating
committee consists of Michael Dean Smith, Ken Yonika, and Corey Lambrecht. Michael Dean Smith serves as the chairman. 

Board Leadership Structure 

Our Board has not adopted a formal
policy regarding the separation of the offices of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. Rather, the Board believes that different
leadership structures may be appropriate for the Company at a different time and under different circumstances, and it prefers the flexibility
in making this decision based on its evaluation of the relevant facts at any given time. 

In December 2014, Mr. Ross was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and
became Executive Chairman of the board of directors. Under our current Board leadership structure, the Chief Executive Officer is responsible
for the day-to-day leadership and performance of the Company. Mr. Grau, our President and Interim Principal Accounting Officer, focuses
on the allocation of resources and the financial reporting and operational and internal controls necessary to provide accurate and timely
financials. 

Risk Oversight 

Our board of directors oversee
a company-wide approach to risk management. Our board of directors determines the appropriate risk level for us generally, assesses the
specific risks faced by us and review the steps taken by management to manage those risks. While our board of directors have ultimate
oversight responsibility for the risk management process, its committees oversee risk in certain specified areas. 

Specifically, our compensation
committee is responsible for overseeing the management of risks relating to our executive compensation plans and arrangements, and the
incentives created by the compensation awards it administers. Our audit committee oversees management of enterprise risks and financial
risks, as well as potential conflicts of interests. Our board of directors is responsible for overseeing the management of risks associated
with the independence of our board of directors. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

Our board of directors adopted
a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of this code is available on our website.
We will disclose on our website any amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any waivers of the Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, or persons
performing similar functions. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships
among our directors and/or executive officers. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge,
none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past 10 years, been involved in any legal proceedings described in subparagraph
(f) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K. 

Board Diversity 

While we do not have a formal
policy on diversity, our Board considers diversity to include the skill set, background, reputation, type and length of business experience
of our Board members as well as a particular nominee s contributions to that mix. Our Board believes that diversity promotes a variety
of ideas, judgments and considerations to the benefit of our Company and stockholders. Although there are many other factors, the Board
primarily focuses on public company board experience, knowledge of the safes and concealed self-defense products industry, or background
in finance or technology, and experience operating growing businesses. 

Board
 Diversity Matrix (As of December 31, 2022) 

Total
 Number of Directors 
 
 5 

Female 

Male 
 
 Non-Binary 
 
 Did
 Not 
 Disclose
 Gender 
 
 Part
 I: Gender Identity 

Directors 
 
 - 
 
 5 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Part
 II: Demographic Background 

African
 American or Black 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Alaskan
 Native or Native American 
 
 - 
 
 1 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Asian 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Hispanic
 or Latinx 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Native
 Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 
 
 - 
 
 1 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 White 
 
 - 
 
 4 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Two
 or More Ethnicities 
 
 - 
 
 1 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 LGBTQ+ 
 
 - 
 
 Did
 Not Disclose Demographic Background 
 
 - 

52 

Communication with our Board 

Although the Company does not
have a formal policy regarding communications with the Board, stockholders may communicate with the Board by writing to us at American
Rebel Holdings, Inc., at 909 18th Avenue South, Suite A, Nashville, TN, 37212, Attention: Corporate Secretary. Stockholders who would
like their submission directed to a member of the Board may so specify, and the communication will be forwarded, as appropriate. 

Nominations
to the Board of Directors 

Our
directors take a critical role in guiding our strategic direction and oversee the management of the Company. Board candidates are considered
based upon various criteria, such as their broad-based business and professional skills and experiences, a global business and social
perspective, concern for the long-term interests of the stockholders, diversity, and personal integrity and judgment. 

In
addition, directors must have the time available to devote to Board activities and to enhance their knowledge in the growing of our business.
Accordingly, we have sought to attract and retain highly qualified independent directors who have the sufficient time to attend to their
substantial duties and responsibilities to the Company. 

Director
Nominations 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not
make any material changes to the procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board. During February of 2022, we
elected two new independent members to the board of directors, Messrs. Smith and Yonika. On December 14, 2022 the Company and its shareholders
approved the election and continuation of Messrs. Ross, Lambrecht, Smith and Yonika to the board of directors until the next annual shareholders
meeting. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

No
interlocking relationship exists between our Board and the board of directors or the compensation committee of any other company, nor
has any interlocking relationship existed in the past. 

53 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

General Philosophy 

During fiscal 2021, our board
was solely responsible for establishing and administering our executive and director compensation plans. During 2022, the compensation
committee of the board of directors was solely responsible for establishing and administering our executive and director compensation
plans. 

Executive Compensation 

The following table sets forth
the compensation we paid to our current executive officer(s) during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 Name and 
 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 principal position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (i) 
 (j) 
 
 Charles A. Ross, Jr. (1) 
 2022 
 200,000 
 481,400 
 20,766 (2) 
 - 
 702,166 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 200,000 
 - 
 393,490 (3) 
 - 
 593,490 

Doug E. Grau (4) 
 2022 
 120,000 
 293,381 
 11,182 (5) 
 - 
 424,563 
 
 President 
 2021 
 120,000 
 - 
 393,490 (3) 
 - 
 513,490 

Ronald A. Smith (6) 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 247,000 (6) 
 - 
 247,000 

(1) 
 On January 1, 2021, the Company entered into a five-year employment agreement with Mr. Ross, with a base annual salary of 180,000. 

(2) 
 Deemed value of 103,829 shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance on December 27, 2022 pursuant to the LTIP. 

(3) 
 Deemed value of 26,813 shares of Common Stock issued on March 24, 2021 pursuant to the LTIP, 50,000 shares of preferred
stock issued on April 9, 2021 pursuant to an employment agreement, and 9,416 shares of Common Stock issued on August 3, 2021 pursuant
to the LTIP. 

Represents cash compensation paid to the named executive officer. 

(4) 
 On January 1, 2021, the Company entered into a five-year employment agreement with Mr. Grau, with a base annual salary of 120,000. 

(5) 
 Deemed value of 55,908 shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance on December 27, 2022 pursuant to the LTIP. 

(6) 
 Mr. Smith was appointed as Chief Operating Officer and the Company entered into a two-year employment agreement with Mr. Smith on April
9, 2021, with no cash salary; however, Mr. Smith was issued 59,375 shares of Common Stock, with a deemed value of 247,000, pursuant to
the employment agreement. 

54 

Employment Agreements 

Effective
January 1, 2021, the Company entered into employment agreements with Charles A. Ross, Jr., its Chief Executive Officer, and Doug E. Grau,
its President. These agreements were amended in April of 2021. Further, on April 9, 2021, the Company entered into an employment
agreement with Ronald A. Smith, its Chief Operating Officer. 

Charles A. Ross, Jr. Employment Agreement and Amendment

In general, Mr. Ross employment
agreement contains provisions concerning terms of employment, voluntary and involuntary termination, indemnification, severance payments,
and other termination benefits, in addition to a non-compete clause and certain other perquisites. 

The original term of Mr. Ross 
employment agreement runs from January 1, 2021 until December 31, 2025. 

Mr. Ross employment agreement
provides for an initial annual base salary of 180,000, which may be adjusted by the board of directors of the Company. 

In addition, Mr. Ross is eligible
to receive annual short term incentive bonuses as determined by a review at the discretion of the Company s board of directors. 

Further, the Company granted and
issued Mr. Ross 50,000 shares of Series A - Super Voting Convertible preferred stock. Pursuant to the amendment to his employment agreement,
the Company issued 50,000 shares of Common Stock to Mr. Ross. 

In the event of a termination
of employment with the Company by the Company without cause or by Mr. Ross for Good Reason (as defined in
the employment agreement), Mr. Ross would receive: (i) a lump sum payment equal to all earned but unpaid base salary through the date
of termination of employment; (ii) a lump sum payment equal to 12-months base salary; and (iii) immediate vesting of all equity awards
(including but not limited to stock options and restricted shares). 

In the event of a termination
of employment with the Company by the Company for cause (as defined in the employment agreement), by reason of incapacity,
disability or death, Mr. Ross, or his estate, would receive a lump sum payment equal to all earned but unpaid base salary through the
date of termination of employment, disability or death. 

55 

In the event of a termination
of Mr. Ross employment with the Company by reason of change in control (as defined in the employment agreement), Mr. Ross, would
receive: (i) a lump sum payment equal to all earned but unpaid base salary through the date of termination of employment; (ii) a lump
sum payment equal to twelve (12) months Salary plus 100 of his prior year s Bonus; and (iii) and immediate vesting of all equity
awards (including but not limited to stock options and restricted shares). 

The above description of Mr. Ross 
employment agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of that agreement, a copy of which was attached as Exhibit
10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2021. A copy of the amendment to Mr. Ross employment agreement was attached as Exhibit 10.42
to the Form 10-K filed on May 17, 2021. 

Doug E. Grau Employment Agreement and Amendment 

In general, Mr. Grau s employment
agreement contains provisions concerning terms of employment, voluntary and involuntary termination, indemnification, severance payments,
and other termination benefits, in addition to a non-compete clause and certain other perquisites. 

The original term of Mr. Grau s
employment agreement runs from January 1, 2021 until December 31, 2025. 

Mr. Grau s employment agreement
provides for an initial annual base salary of 120,000, which may be adjusted by the board of directors of the Company. 

In addition, Mr. Grau is eligible
to receive annual short term incentive bonuses as determined by a review at the discretion of the Company s board of directors. 

Further, the Company granted and
issued Mr. Grau 50,000 shares of Series A - Super Voting Convertible preferred stock. Pursuant to the amendment to his employment agreement,
the Company issued 50,000 shares of Common Stock to Mr. Grau. 

In the event of a termination
of employment with the Company by the Company without cause or by Mr. Grau for Good Reason (as defined in
the employment agreement), Mr. Grau would receive: (i) a lump sum payment equal to all earned but unpaid base salary through the date
of termination of employment; (ii) a lump sum payment equal to 12-months base salary; and (iii) immediate vesting of all equity awards
(including but not limited to stock options and restricted shares). 

In the event of a termination
of employment with the Company by the Company for cause (as defined in the employment agreement), by reason of incapacity,
disability or death, Mr. Grau, or his estate, would receive a lump sum payment equal to all earned but unpaid base salary through the
date of termination of employment, disability or death. 

In the event of a termination
of Mr. Grau s employment with the Company by reason of change in control (as defined in the employment agreement), Mr. Grau, would
receive: (i) a lump sum payment equal to all earned but unpaid base salary through the date of termination of employment; (ii) a lump
sum payment equal to twelve (12) months Salary plus 100 of his prior year s Bonus; and (iii) and immediate vesting of all equity
awards (including but not limited to stock options and restricted shares). 

The above description of Mr. Grau s
employment agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of that agreement, a copy of which was attached as Exhibit
10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2021. A copy of the amendment to Mr. Grau s employment agreement was attached as Exhibit
10.43 to the Form 10-K filed on May 17, 2021. 

56 

Ronald A. Smith Employment Agreement 

In general, Mr. Smith s
employment agreement contains provisions concerning terms of employment, voluntary and involuntary termination, indemnification, severance
payments, and other termination benefits, in addition to a non-compete clause and certain other perquisites. 

The original term of Mr. Smith s
employment agreement runs from April 9, 2021 until March 31, 2023. 

Mr. Smith will not be paid a salary
for his services. 

In addition, Mr. Smith is eligible
to receive annual short term incentive bonuses as determined by a review at the discretion of the Company s board of directors. 

Further, the Company issued 59,375
shares of Common Stock to Mr. Smith. 

In the event of a termination
of employment with the Company by the Company without cause or by Mr. Smith for Good Reason (as defined in
the employment agreement), Mr. Smith would receive immediate vesting of all equity awards (including but not limited to stock options
and restricted shares). 

In the event of a termination
of Mr. Smith s employment with the Company by reason of change in control (as defined in the employment agreement), Mr. Smith, would
receive: (i) a lump sum payment equal to 100 of his prior year s Bonus; and (ii) and immediate vesting of all equity awards (including
but not limited to stock options and restricted shares). 

The above description of Mr. Smith s
employment agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of that agreement, a copy of which was attached as Exhibit
10.40 to the Form 10-K filed on May 17, 2021. 

Options Exercised and Stock Vested Table 

None of the named executive officers
exercised any stock options, nor were there any restricted stock units held by our named executive officers vested, during the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-end Table

None of the named executive officers
held any unexercised options and unvested stock awards previously awarded as of December 31, 2022. 

Potential Payments upon Termination or Change-in-Control 

SEC regulations state that we
must disclose information regarding agreements, plans or arrangements that provide for payments or benefits to our executive officers
in connection with any termination of employment or change in control of the company. On January
1, 2021 we entered into employment agreements with Charles A. Ross, Jr. and Doug E. Grau and on April 9, 2021, we entered into
an employment agreement with Ronald A. Smith. All of these agreements provide for certain payments to be made in the event of a termination
of their employment agreements by reason of change in control (as defined in the employment agreements). Each of them would receive: (i)
a lump sum payment equal to all earned but unpaid base salary through the date of termination of employment (not applicable to Smith as
he receives no salary); (ii) a lump sum payment equal to twelve (12) months Salary (not applicable to Smith as he receives no salary)
plus 100 of his prior year s bonus; and (iii) and immediate vesting of all equity awards (including but not limited to stock options
and restricted shares). No changes were made to these agreements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Retirement Plans 

We do not offer any annuity, pension,
or retirement benefits to be paid to any of our officers, directors, or employees in the event of retirement. 

Compensation of Directors 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we did not have a standard arrangement for compensation of our directors for services provided as
a director, including services for committee participation or for special assignments. In March of 2022, our Board adopted
compensation specific to and for non-employee directors. Non-employee directors are entitled to receive compensation of 60,000 per
year for their service, payable in restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a price determined by the average
monthly closing price for each month in service, and are to be paid nominal cash fees and reimbursement of costs for director and
committee meetings. 

The
following table sets forth summary compensation information for the year ended December 31, 2022 for each of our non-employee directors. 

Name 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock
 Awards 
 Option
 Awards 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Corey
 Lambrecht 
 63,000 
 54,194 (1) 
 - 
 122,000 
 239,194 

Michael
 Dean Smith 
 - 
 54,194 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 54,194 

Ken
 Yonika (2) 
 30,500 
 54,194 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 84,694 

(1) 
 Effective February 7,
 2022, our non-employee directors were eligible for the payment of 60,000 per year as a non-employee director fee for their
 services, which is payable in shares of our common stock. The value is pro-rated for the partial year ended December 31, 2022. As of
 the date of this Annual Report no shares of common stock have been issued; however, we anticipate issuing each non-employee director
 approximately 98,000 shares of common stock for their services for fiscal 2022. 

(2) 
 Effective April 4, 2023, Mr. Yonika resigned from the board and its committees. 

57 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Long-Term Incentive Plans and Awards 

On
January 1, 2021, our board of directors approved the establishment of the 2021 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan LTIP ).
The LTIP is intended to enable us to continue to attract able directors, employees, and consultants and to provide a means whereby
those individuals upon whom the responsibilities rest for successful administration and management of the Company, and whose present
and potential contributions are of importance, can acquire and maintain Common Stock ownership, thereby strengthening their concern
for our welfare. The aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock (including shares underlying options) that may be issued
under the LTIP, pursuant to awards of Restricted Shares or Options, will be limited to 10 of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, which calculation shall be made on the first trading day of each new fiscal year. For fiscal year 2022, up to 159,737 shares
of Common Stock were available for participants under the LTIP. The number of shares of Common Stock that are the subject of awards
under the LTIP which are forfeited or terminated, are settled in cash in lieu of shares of Common Stock or in a manner such that all
or some of the shares covered by an award are not issued to a participant or are exchanged for awards that do not involve shares
will again immediately become available to be issued pursuant to awards granted under the LTIP. If shares of Common Stock are
withheld from payment of an award to satisfy tax obligations with respect to the award, those shares of Common Stock will be treated
as shares that have been issued under the LTIP and will not again be available for issuance under the LTIP. In December of 2022, we
authorized the issuance of all 159,737 shares of Common Stock remaining under the LTIP to our executive management team: 103,829 to Mr. Ross and 55,908 to Mr. Grau. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT 

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning the number of shares of our Common Stock owned beneficially as of March
30, 2023 or exercisable within the next 60 days thereafter, by: (i) our directors; (ii) our named executive officers; and (iii) each
person or group known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our outstanding shares of Common Stock. Beneficial ownership is
determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.
Except as indicated by footnote, the persons named in the table below have sole voting power and investment power with respect to
all shares of Common Stock shown as beneficially owned by them. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 

Amount of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership 

Percentage of 
 Common Stock 
 Outstanding (2) 

Officers and Directors 

Charles A. Ross, Jr., Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, principal executive officer, secretary, treasurer (3) 

275,745 

1.61 

Doug E. Grau, President, Interim Chief Financial Officer and a Director, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer (3) 

204,637 

1.20 

Ronald A. Smith, Chief Operating Officer (4) 

218,125 

1.28 

Corey Lambrecht, Lead Independent Director (5) 

12,500 

Michael Dean Smith, Director (5) 

0 

Kenneth Yonika, Former Director (5)(6) 

2,500 

Directors and executive officers as a group (7 Persons) 

713,507 

4.17 

Less than 0.01 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted above, the address of the persons and entities listed in the table is c/o American Rebel Holdings, Inc., 909 18 th Avenue South, Suite A, Nashville, Tennessee 37212. 

(2) 
 Percentage is based upon 17,090,254 shares of Common Stock and figures are rounded to the nearest hundredth of a percent. 

(3) 
 Does not include 50,000
 shares of Series A Preferred stock, whereby each share is entitled to cast one thousand (1,000) votes for each share held of the
 Series A Preferred stock on all matters presented to the stockholders of the Company for a vote. Includes 159,737 LTIP shares of common stock: 103,829 shares of common stock to Mr. Ross and 55,908 shares of common
stock to Mr. Grau. 

(4) 
 Includes 25,000 five-year warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at 8.00 per share. 

(5) 
 Does
 not include approximately 98,000 shares of common stock that is contingently issuable to each non-employee director as of December
 31, 2022, nor any additional shares up through the date of this Annual Report. 

(6) 
 Effective April 4, 2023, Mr. Yonika resigned from the board and its committees. 

58 

Non-Cumulative Voting 

The holders of our shares of Common
Stock do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50 of such outstanding shares, voting for the election
of directors, can elect all of the directors to be elected, if they so choose. In such event, the holders of the remaining shares will
not be able to elect any of our directors. 

Super Majority Voting Powers Attributable to Preferred
Stock 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, the Company had 16,930,517 shares of Common Stock issued (does not include 159,737 shares of
common stock authorized under the LTIP in December 2022) and outstanding and entitled to vote, which for voting purposes are
entitled to one vote per share. If a vote was taken today, the following consenting stockholders (which consist of Messrs. Ross and
Grau) owning a total of 325,645 shares of common stock and 100,000 shares of Series A Preferred, whereby each share of Series A Preferred is entitled to cast one thousand (1,000) votes for each share held on all matters presented to the stockholders
of the Company for a stockholder vote, thereby allowing such common stock and Series A Preferred to cast votes totaling 100,325,645
shares of common stock, delivering an executed written consent authorizing the actions being set forth to the vote. The consenting
stockholders names, affiliation with the Company and holdings are as follows: 

Name 
 Affiliation 
 Number
 of 
Voting Shares 
 
 of Total 
 Voting Shares (3) 
 
 Charles
 A. Ross, Jr. 
 Director,
 Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer 
 50,176,916 (1) 
 42.91 
 
 Doug
 Grau 
 Director,
 President 
 50,148,729 (2) 
 42.89 
 
 Total 
 
 100,325,645 
 85.80 

(1) 
 
 Includes 50,000 shares of Series A Preferred with equivalent of 50,000,000
shares of Common Stock voting power and 176,916 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Ross. 

(2) 
 
 Includes 50,000 shares of Series A Preferred with equivalent of 50,000,000
shares of Common Stock voting power and 148,729 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Grau. 

(3) 
 
 Percentage is based upon 16,930,517 shares of Common Stock issued and
 outstanding and adjusted by the 100,000,000 votes attributable to the Series A Preferred, for a total of 116,930,517 total voting
 shares. Figures are rounded to the nearest hundredth of a percent. 

Transfer Agent 

The Transfer Agent for our Common Stock is Securities Transfer Corporation, 2901 Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano,
Texas 75093. Its telephone number is (469) 633-0101. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

The following information summarizes transactions
we have either engaged in for the past two fiscal years or propose to engage in, involving our executive officers, directors, more than
5 stockholders, or immediate family members of these persons. These transactions were negotiated between related parties without arm s
length bargaining and, as a result, the terms of these transactions may be different than transactions negotiated between unrelated
persons. 

Other than as set forth below,
we were not a party to any transactions or series of similar transactions that have occurred during fiscal 2022 in which: 

The amounts involved exceeds
 the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years
 77,760); and 

A director, executive officer, holder of more than 5 of our Common Stock or any member of their immediate family had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Transactions with Related Parties 

The
following includes a summary of transactions since January 1, 2021 to which we have been a party in which the amount involved
exceeded or will exceed 77,760, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or, to our knowledge, beneficial owners of
more than 5 of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or
indirect material interest, other than equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other arrangements, which
are described under Executive and Director Compensation. We also describe below certain other transactions with our
directors, executive officers and stockholders. 

Charles A. Ross, Jr. serves as
the Company s Chief Executive Officer and a director. On March 24, 2021, pursuant to the Company s Long-Term Incentive Plan, Mr. Ross received 26,813 shares of Common Stock. On April
9, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to the employment agreement with Charles A. Ross, Jr. and authorized the issuance of 50,000
shares of Common Stock to Mr. Ross. On August 3, 2021, pursuant to the Company s Long-Term Incentive Plan, Mr. Ross received 9,416
shares of Common Stock. On December 27, 2022, pursuant to the Company s Long-Term Incentive Plan, Mr. Ross was awarded 103,829 shares
of Common Stock; however, such shares have not been issued as of the date of this Annual Report. 

Ronald
Smith serves as the Company s Chief Operating Officer and on April 9, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with
Mr. Smith and authorized the issuance of 59,375 shares of Common Stock. On April 9, 2021, the Company entered into a Bridge Loan
agreement with Mr. Smith and issued 25,000 warrants to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of
 8.00 per share with a five-year term. 

59 

Doug Grau is the Company s
President. On March 24, 2021, pursuant to the Company s
Long-Term Incentive Plan, Mr. Grau received 26,813 shares of Common Stock. On April 9, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to
the employment agreement with Doug Grau and authorized the issuance of 50,000 shares of Common Stock to Mr. Grau. On August 3, 2021, pursuant
to the Company s Long-Term Incentive Plan, Mr. Grau received 9,416 shares of Common Stock. On December 27, 2022, pursuant to the Company s Long-Term Incentive Plan, Mr. Grau was awarded 55,908 shares
of Common Stock; however, such shares have not been issued as of the date of this Annual Report. 

Corey Lambrecht is an independent
director of the Company s board of directors. On March 24, 2021, the Company authorized 6,250 shares of Common Stock to Mr. Lambrecht
for services. 

The Company leases multiple
facilities from Utah Tennessee Holding Company, LLC and Champion Holdings, LLC, two companies owned by former Champion
Entities founder and CEO Mr. Ray Crosby. The Company believes these facilities are adequate for its needs at this time and priced at
or below market rate. 

The Company has agreements with
related parties for services, notes payable and stock grants. See Notes to Financial Statements numbers 5, 7, 9 and 10. 

Other than the foregoing, none
of the directors or executive officers of the Company, nor any person who owned of record or was known to own beneficially more than 5 
of the Company s outstanding shares of its Common Stock, nor any associate or affiliate of such persons or companies, has any material
interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction that has occurred during the past fiscal year, or in any proposed transaction, which
has materially affected or will affect the Company. 

Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions
with Related Persons 

Although we adopted a Code of
Ethics, we still rely on our Board to review related party transactions on an ongoing basis to prevent conflicts of interest. Our Board
reviews a transaction in light of the affiliations of the director, officer or employee and the affiliations of such person s immediate
family. Transactions are presented to our Board for approval before they are entered into or, if this is not possible, for ratification
after the transaction has occurred. If our Board finds that a conflict of interest exists, then it will determine the appropriate remedial
action, if any. Our Board approves or ratifies a transaction if it determines that the transaction is consistent with the best interests
of the Company. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table presents the
fees for professional audit services rendered by BF Borgers CPA, a professional corporation BF Borgers for the audit of
the Company s annual financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and fees billed for
other services rendered by BF Borgers during those periods. All services reflected in the following fee table for 2022 and 2021 were pre - approved,
respectively, in accordance with the policy of the Board. 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 136,600 
 37,000 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees (2) 
 219,000 
 18,900 
 
 Total Fees 
 355,600 
 55,900 

Notes: 

(1) 
 Audit fees consist of audit and review services, consent and review of documents filed with the SEC. For fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

(2) 
 Comfort letter and consent
 to use audited financial statements in additional filings related to underwritten public offering. Approximately 150,000 was paid to Champion s independent PCAOB registered accounting firm to conduct Champion s most recent
two fiscal years of audit and interim review reports which was required for the acquisition of Champion. These fees were paid by the Company
and the PCAOB registered accounting firm was BF Borgers. 

In its capacity, the audit committee
of the Board pre-approves all audit (including audit-related) and permitted non-audit services to be performed by the independent auditors.
The committee will annually approve the scope and fee estimates for the year-end audit to be performed by the Company s independent
auditors for the fiscal year. With respect to other permitted services, the committee pre-approves specific engagements, projects and
categories of services on a fiscal year basis, subject to individual project and annual maximums. To date, the Company has not engaged
its auditors to perform any non-audit related services. 

60 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The following documents are filed as part of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K 

(a) 
 Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Balance Sheets 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-3 
 
 Statement of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-6 

(b) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

(c) 
 Exhibits Index 

2.1 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated June 8, 2016, by and among CubeScape, Inc., American Rebel, Inc., and certain individual named therein (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K, filed June 9, 2016) 

2.2 
 Champion Safe Co., Inc. Stock Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated June 29, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K, filed July 6, 2022) 

3.1 
 Second
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation effective January 22, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Form 10-K, filed March 31, 2022) 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of American Rebel Holdings, Inc. effective as of February 9, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K, filed February 15, 2022) 

4.1 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2020) 

4.2 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2021) 

4.3 
 Amended Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock ((Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2021) 

4.4# 
 Description of Securities 

4.5 
 Warrant Agency Agreement with Action Stock Transfer dated February 9, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4. 2 to Form 8-K, filed February 10, 2022) 

4.6 
 Form of Pre-funded Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K, filed February 15, 2022) 

10.1 
 Ross Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, filed March 5, 2021) 

10.2 
 Grau Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 to Form 8-K, filed March 5, 2021) 

10.3 
 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K, filed March 5, 2021) 

61 

10.4 
 Smith Employment Agreement dated April 9, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to Form 10-K, filed May 17, 2021) 

10.5 
 Ross Amendment to Employment Agreement dated April 9, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to Form 10-K, filed May 17, 2021) 

10.6 
 Grau Amendment to Employment Agreement dated April 9, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to Form 10-K, filed May 17, 2021) 

10.7 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 7, 2022, between American Rebel Holdings, Inc. and the Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, filed July 8, 2022) 

10.8 
 Armistice Form of Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K, filed July 8, 2022) 

10.9 
 Armistice Form of Prefunded Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K, filed July 8, 2022) 

10.10 
 Armistice Form of Registration Rights Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K, filed July 8, 2022) 

10.11 
 Engagement Letter, dated July 8, 2022, between American Rebel Holdings, Inc. and EF Hutton (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K, filed July 18, 2022) 

14.1 
 Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Form S-1/A, filed February 3, 2022) 

21.1# 
 List of Subsidiaries 

31.1# 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2# 
 Certification of Interim Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1# 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2# 
 Certification of Interim Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 Champion Entities Audited Financial Statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K, filed July 6, 2022) 

99.2 
 Champion Entities Unaudited Financial Statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2022, and 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Form 8-K, filed July 6, 2022) 

99.3 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information for the Registrant (giving effect to the acquisition of the Champion Entities) as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2022, and for the year ended December 31, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to Form 8-K, filed July 6, 2022) 

99.4# 
 Pro Form Q3 Revenue Press Release dated October 20, 2022 

99.5# 
 New Apparel Press Release dated November 4, 2022 

99.6# 
 Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results Press Release dated November 15, 2022 

99.7# 
 2022 Disruptive Growth Conference Press Release dated December 2, 2022 

99.8# 
 2023 Shot Show Press Release dated January 17, 2023 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

# Filed herewith. 

Indicates management contract or compensatory
plan or arrangement. 

Furnished herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

62 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

(Registrant) 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Charles A. Ross, Jr. 

Charles A. Ross, Jr. 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title(s) 
 
 Date 

/s/ Charles A. Ross, Jr. 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Charles A. Ross, Jr. 

/s/ Doug E. Grau 
 
 Director and President (Interim Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Doug E. Grau 

/s/ Ronald A. Smith 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Ronald A. Smith 

/s/ Corey Lambrecht 
 
 Lead Independent
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Corey Lambrecht 

/s/ Michael Dean Smith 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Michael Dean Smith 

63 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 ex4-4.htm

Exhibit
4.4 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

General 

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this exhibit to Company, American Rebel Holdings, American
Rebel, we, us and our are references to American Rebel Holdings, Inc. and its wholly-owned
operating subsidiaries, American Rebel., Champion Safe Company, Inc., Superior Safe, LLC, Safe Guard Security Products, LLC, and Champion Safe De Mexico,
S.A. de C.V. Inc. 

As
of April 14, 2023, we had two classes of security registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ), our common stock, par value 0.001 per share Common Stock ), and a registered class of warrants,
each to purchase one share of Common Stock (the Warrants ). 

The
shares of Common Stock and Warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols AREB and AREBW, 
respectively, and began trading on February 7, 2022. 

This
summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of our Second Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation, and our Amended and Restated Bylaws, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to to the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. . You should refer to our Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, our Amended and
Restated Bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes for a complete description of our capital stock. Our authorized
capital stock consists of (i) 600,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value 0.001 per share, among which 100,000 shares are designated as Series A Preferred Stock, and 250,000 shares
are designated as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

Our
Board is authorized, without stockholder approval, except as otherwise may be required by the applicable listing standards of a national
securities exchange or any applicable laws, to issue additional shares of our authorized capital stock. 

Common
Stock 

Dividend
Rights 

Subject
to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of our Common Stock are entitled
to receive dividends out of funds legally available if our Board, in its discretion, determines to declare and pay dividends and then
only at the times and in the amounts that our Board may determine. 

Voting
Rights 

Holders
of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters properly submitted to a vote of stockholders on which
holders of Common Stock are entitled to vote. We have not provided for cumulative voting for the election of directors in our Certificate
of Incorporation. The directors are elected by a plurality of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the election of directors. 

No
Preemptive or Similar Rights 

Our
Common Stock is not entitled to preemptive rights, and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

Right
to Receive Liquidation Distributions 

If
we become subject to a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders would
be distributable ratably among the holders of our Common Stock and any participating preferred stock outstanding at that time, subject
to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights of and the payment of liquidation preferences,
if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Various Provisions of Nevada Law 

Provisions
of the Nevada Revised Statutes, and our articles of incorporation and bylaws, as amended, could make it more difficult to acquire us
by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise, or to remove incumbent officers and directors. These provisions, summarized
below, would be expected to discourage certain types of takeover practices and takeover bids our Board may consider inadequate and to
encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with us. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of
our ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us will outweigh the disadvantages
of discouraging takeover or acquisition proposals because, among other things, negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement
of their terms. 

Warrants 

Overview .
The following summary of certain terms and provisions of the Warrants is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its
entirety by, the provisions of the warrant agency agreement between us and Securities Stock Transfer (formerly Action Stock
Transfer), as the Warrant Agent, and the form of warrant, both of which are filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of
which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. 

The
Warrants entitle the registered holder to purchase shares of Common Stock at a price equal to 5.1875 per share, subject to adjustment
as discussed below, immediately following the issuance of such warrant and terminating at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on February
9, 2027. 

The
exercise price and number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances,
including in the event of a stock dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the Warrants will not
be adjusted for issuances of Common Stock at prices below its exercise price. 

Exercisability .
The Warrants are exercisable at any time after their original issuance and at any time up to the date that is five (5) years after their
original issuance. The Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the Warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the
offices of the Warrant Agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the Warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated,
accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of Warrants being
exercised. Under the terms of the Warrant Agreement, we must use our best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement
and current prospectus relating to Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants until the expiration of the Warrants. If we fail
to maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement and current prospectus relating to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of the Warrants, the holders of the Warrants shall have the right to exercise the Warrants solely via a cashless exercise feature
provided for in the Warrants, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and current prospectus. 

Exercise
Limitation . A holder may not exercise any portion of a Warrant to the extent that the holder, together with its affiliates and any
other person or entity acting as a group, would own more than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock after exercise, as such
percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrant, except that upon prior notice from the holder to us,
the holder may waive such limitation up to a percentage not in excess of 9.99 . 

Exercise
Price. The exercise price per whole share of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of the Warrants is 5.1875. The
exercise price is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations,
reclassifications or similar events affecting our shares of Common Stock and also upon any distributions of assets, including cash, stock
or other property to our stockholders. 

Fractional
Shares . No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued upon exercise of the Warrants. As to any fraction of a share which the
holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company will round up or down, as applicable, to the nearest whole
share. 

Transferability. Subject
to applicable laws, the Warrants may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without our consent. 

Warrant
Agent; Global Certificate. The Warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agency agreement between the Warrant Agent
and us. The Warrants are initially represented only by one or more global warrants deposited with the Warrant Agent, as custodian on
behalf of The Depository Trust Company (DTC) and registered in the name of Cede Co., a nominee of DTC, or as otherwise directed
by DTC. 

Fundamental
Transactions. In the event of a fundamental transaction, as described in the Warrants and generally including any reorganization,
recapitalization or reclassification of our shares of Common Stock, the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all
of our properties or assets, our consolidation or merger with or into another person, the acquisition of more than 50 of our outstanding
shares of Common Stock, or any person or group becoming the beneficial owner of 50 of the voting power represented by our outstanding
Common Stock, the holders of the Warrants will be entitled to receive the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that
the holders would have received had they exercised the Warrants immediately prior to such fundamental transaction. 

Rights
as a Stockholder. The Warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of Common Stock or any voting
rights until they exercise their Warrants and receive shares of Common Stock. After the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of the Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Governing
Law . The Warrants and the warrant agency agreement are governed by Nevada law. 

Transfer
Agent, Warrant Agent and Registrar 

The Transfer Agent for our Common Stock is Securities Transfer Corporation, 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano,
Texas 75039. Its telephone number is (469) 633-0101 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of American Rebel Holdings, Inc. 

 As
of December 31, 2022 

Name
 of Subsidiary 
 
 State/Country
 of 
 Incorporation 
 
 Percentage
 
 Ownership 
 
 Status 
 
 American
 Rebel, Inc. 
 
 Nevada-USA 
 
 100 
 
 Operating 
 
 Champion Safe Company, Inc. 
 
 Utah-USA 
 
 100 
 
 Operating 
 
 Superior Safe, LLC 
 
 Utah-USA 
 
 100 
 
 Operating 
 
 Safe Guard Security Products, LLC 
 
 Utah-USA 
 
 100 
 
 Operating 
 
 Champion Safe De Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 
 
 99 
 
 Operating 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Charles A. Ross, Jr., certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of American Rebel Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31,
 2022; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this
 report; 

4. 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for
 the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
 entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors
 and the audit committee of the Company s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 
 April 14, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Charles A. Ross, Jr. 

Charles
 A. Ross, Jr. 

Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive 

Officer
 and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Doug Grau, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of American Rebel Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

(a) designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 Company, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed
 in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting. 

5. I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s Board of Directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 
 April 14, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Doug Grau 

Doug Grau 

President and 

Interim
 Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of American Rebel Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Charles A. Ross, Jr.,
Chief Executive, Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/
 Charles A. Ross, Jr. 

Charles
 A. Ross, Jr. 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer 

And Principal Financial Officer 

April 14, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of American Rebel Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Doug Grau,
President and Interim Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Doug Grau 

Doug Grau 

President and 

Interim
 Principal Accounting Officer 

April 14, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.4>
 8
 ex99-4.htm

Exhibit
99.4 

American
Rebel Forecasts 5 Million in Pro Forma Q3 Revenue 

On
Target to Exceed 20 Million in Annual Pro Forma Revenue 

Nashville,
TN, Oct. 20, 2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) American Rebel Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: AREB) America s Patriotic Brand announced
today it anticipates reporting approximately 5 million in pro forma Q3 gross revenue and approximately 14.7 million in pro forma revenue
for the nine-months ended September 30, 2022. 

Revenue
for Q3, including only the revenue earned by the Champion entities after the closing of the acquisition on July 29, 2022, is projected
to be nearly 4 million. American Rebel acquired Champion Safe Company and its ancillary companies in a transaction with a purchase price
of approximately 9.9 million. 

American
Rebel expects to file its September 30, 2022, 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before November 14, 2022. In its
June 30, 2022, 10-Q American Rebel reported 9.7 million in pro forma revenue for the first six-months of 2022. 

We re
on target to exceed 20 million in annual pro forma revenue for 2022, said Andy Ross, CEO of American Rebel. Integrating
the Champion and American Rebel operations has been going great and we expect continued growth. We are actively evaluating potential
synergistic acquisitions or partnerships and are bullish about the future of America s Patriotic Brand. 

About
American Rebel Holdings, Inc. 

American
Rebel, through its wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, operates primarily as a designer, manufacturer and marketer of branded safes
and personal security and self-defense products. The Company also designs and produces branded apparel and accessories and now intends
to enter the E-Bike market. To learn more, visit www.americanrebel.com . For investor information, visit www.americanrebel.com/investor-relations
 . 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: 

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. American
Rebel Holdings, Inc., (NASDAQ:AREB)(NASDAQ:AREBW) (the Company, American Rebel, we, our 
or us desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words forecasts believe, 
 may, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, should, 
 plan, could, target, potential, is likely, expect 
and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking
statements primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect
our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, and financial needs. Important factors that could cause actual results
to differ from those in the forward-looking statements include our ability to efficiently incorporate acquisitions into our operations,
the use of non-GAAP based pro forma financial estimates, our ability to introduce new products, our ability to meet production demands,
our ability to expand our sales organization to address existing and new markets that we intend to target, our ability to meet or exceed
financial and reporting estimates, and the Risk Factors contained within our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. Any forward-looking statement made by us herein speaks only as of the date on which it is
made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to
predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law. 

SOURCE
 : American Rebel Holdings, Inc. 

Company
Contact: 
 info@americanrebel.com 

Investor
Relations: 

John McNamara 
TraDigital IR 
917-658-2605 
 john@tradigitalir.com 

</EX-99.4>

<EX-99.5>
 9
 ex99-5.htm

Exhibit
99.5 

American
Rebel Presents New Apparel Lineup at Nation s Best Sports Fall Specialty Market 

AURORA,
CO, Nov. 04, 2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) American Rebel, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of American Rebel Holdings, Inc. America s
Patriotic Brand (NASDAQ: AREB), is presenting its new apparel lineup at Nation s Best Sports (NBS) Fall Specialty Market November
3 5 at Gaylord Rockies Resort Convention Center in Aurora, Colorado. 

The
Fall Specialty Market presents to the NBS members the latest in team and retail athletics, fishing apparel, hunting apparel and footwear,
and lifestyle apparel. Global annual revenue from outdoor clothing alone is estimated to be worth 11.8 billion according to Market Reports
World. 

Our
concealed carry apparel falls under the lifestyle apparel category in the NBS Fall Specialty Market, says American Rebel CEO Andy
Ross. We have improved our proprietary protection pocket with a silent closure that works smoother than our previous model. We
have also made some adjustments to the size of the pocket to improve the handgun s stability inside the pocket for safe and secure
concealment. 

American
Rebel apparel supports the company s flagship safes, similar to Harley-Davidson supporting their motorcycles with their apparel
and accessories. We want to keep you concealed and safe whether you are inside your home or on the street, says Andy Ross.
 We believe our apparel is an onramp to our customers adopting our Patriotic Brand. We want Susie to ask Mom what does Dad
want for Christmas and Mom to say anything with American Rebel on it. 

About
American Rebel Holdings, Inc. 

American
Rebel Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: AREB), through its wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, operates primarily as a designer, manufacturer
and marketer of branded safes and personal security and self-defense products. The Company also designs and produces branded apparel
and accessories and recently announced its intention to enter the E-Bike market. To learn more, visit www.americanrebel.com .
For investor information, visit www.americanrebel.com/investor-relations . 

About
Nation s Best Sports 

Nation s
Best Sports (NBS) is a nationwide sporting goods buying group that was established in 1956 as the first sporting goods buying group,
the Southwest Buying Syndicate. The NBS mission is to provide independently owned retailers the ability to effectively compete in an
ever-changing environment through aggressive purchasing, marketing and service opportunities. Today, NBS is comprised of over 350 independent
retail members representing over 1,200 store fronts across the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. NBS offers independent retailers
a diverse portfolio of buying opportunities in all categories of outdoor sports and general sporting goods. NBS hosts six different buying
Markets annually that differ from industry trade shows because they are actual order writing and buying markets only open to member retail
store owners, their buyers and approved vendors. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: 

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. American
Rebel Holdings, Inc., (NASDAQ:AREB)(NASDAQ:AREBW) (the Company, American Rebel, we, our 
or us desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words forecasts believe, 
 may, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, should, 
 plan, could, target, potential, is likely, expect 
and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking
statements primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect
our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, and financial needs. Important factors that could cause actual results
to differ from those in the forward-looking statements include our ability to efficiently incorporate acquisitions into our operations,
our ability to introduce new products, our ability to meet production demands, our ability to expand our sales organization to address
existing and new markets that we intend to target, our ability to meet or exceed financial and reporting estimates, and the Risk Factors
contained within our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. Any forward-looking
statement made by us herein speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to
differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by
law. 

SOURCE
 : American Rebel Holdings, Inc. 

Company
Contact: 

info@americanrebel.com 

Investor
Relations: 

John
McNamara 
TraDigital IR 
917-658-2605 
 john@tradigitalir.com 

</EX-99.5>

<EX-99.6>
 10
 ex99-6.htm

Exhibit
99.6 

American
Rebel Reports Financial Results for 2022 Third Quarter 

Champion
Acquisition Drives Quarterly Revenue to 4.1 Million 

Nashville,
TN, Nov. 15, 2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) American Rebel Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: AREB) America s Patriotic Brand (the
 Company announced its financial results for the three-month period ended September 30, 2022. Investors are encouraged
to read the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commissions (the SEC and contains additional information and is posted at https://americanrebel.com/ 

Third
Quarter Financial Highlights: 

Revenues
 rose to 4.1 million compared to 0.3 million in the prior year period. The increase is attributable to contribution of the Champion
 acquisition which closed on July 29, 2022. 

Gross
 margin in the third quarter period ended September 30, 2022, was 978,104 compared to 15,278 in the prior year period. The increase
 in gross margin was driven by the contribution from the Champion acquisition. 

Net
 loss in the third quarter was 2.1 million, or 0.36 per share, compared to a loss of 1.4 million, or 1.05 per share in the prior
 year period. The increased loss was primarily due to transactional costs related to the Champion acquisition. 

Andy
Ross, CEO of American Rebel commented, We re very happy to be reporting the first quarter of financial results since our
acquisition of Champion at the end of July. We projected our results to be nearly 4.0 million so we re happy those results came
in at the high end of that range. We expect full year pro forma revenue to be in the area of 20 million. This is a great time for American
Rebel, not only in our enhanced safe manufacturing capabilities, but as we introduce the patriotically powered line of E-bikes, the E-Bike
With an Attitude, into a global market that is expected to grow to over 92 billion by 2029. We re excited to continue the
growth of America s Patriotic Brand. 

About
American Rebel Holdings, Inc. 

American
Rebel operates primarily as a designer, manufacturer and marketer of branded safes and personal security and self-defense products. The
Company also designs and produces branded apparel and accessories and now intends to enter the E-Bike market. To learn more, visit www.americanrebel.com
 . For investor information, visit www.americanrebel.com/investor-relations . 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: 

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. American
Rebel Holdings, Inc., (NASDAQ:AREB)(NASDAQ:AREBW) (the Company, American Rebel, we, our 
or us desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words forecasts believe, 
 may, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, should, 
 plan, could, target, potential, is likely, expect 
and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking
statements primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect
our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, and financial needs. Important factors that could cause actual results
to differ from those in the forward-looking statements include our ability to efficiently incorporate acquisitions into our operations,
our ability to negotiate and finalize definitive agreements with Sierra E-Life for the manufacture of our E-Bikes, our ability to introduce
new products, our ability to meet production demands, our ability to expand our sales organization to address existing and new markets
that we intend to target, our ability to effectively compete in the competitive E-Bike industry, and the Risk Factors contained within
our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. Any forward-looking statement
made by us herein speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may
emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law. 

SOURCE
 : American Rebel Holdings, Inc. 

Company
Contact: 

info@americanrebel.com 

Investor
Relations: 

John McNamara 
TraDigital IR 
917-658-2605 
 john@tradigitalir.com 

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. 
UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 (audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 1,185,578 
 17,607 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 2,446,290 
 100,746 
 
 Prepaid expense and other deposits 
 147,832 
 163,492 
 
 Inventory 
 6,306,341 
 685,854 
 
 Inventory deposits 
 230,223 
 - 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 10,316,264 
 967,699 

Property and Equipment, net 
 486,070 
 900 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Goodwill and other intangible assets 
 4,200,000 
 - 
 
 Lease deposit 
 19,633 
 - 
 
 Total Other Assets 
 4,219,633 
 - 

TOTAL ASSETS 
 15,021,967 
 968,599 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expense 
 2,312,081 
 1,032,264 
 
 Accrued interest 
 67,919 
 203,972 
 
 Loan officer - related party 
 - 
 10,373 
 
 Loans working capital 
 603,840 
 3,879,428 
 
 Loans - nonrelated parties 
 4,152 
 12,939 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 2,987,992 
 5,138,976 

Other long-term liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 2,987,992 
 5,138,976 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT): 

Preferred stock, 0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; 100,000 issued and outstanding, at September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Series A 
 100 
 100 
 
 Preferred stock, 0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; 75,143 and 276,501 issued and outstanding, respectively at September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Series B 
 75 
 277 

Common stock, 0.001 par value; 600,000,000 shares authorized; 8,474,033 and 1,597,370 issued and outstanding, respectively at September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 8,474 
 1,597 
 
 Additional paid in capital 
 45,372,714 
 22,797,306 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (33,347,388 
 (26,969,657 
 
 TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 12,033,975 
 (4,170,377 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 15,021,967 
 968,599 

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. 
UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the three months ended September 30, 2022 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 4,102,761 
 295,490 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 3,124,657 
 280,212 
 
 Gross margin 
 978,104 
 15,278 

Expenses: 

Consulting/payroll and other payroll costs 
 1,227,953 
 656,784 
 
 Rental expense, warehousing, outlet expense 
 314,314 
 - 
 
 Product development costs 
 - 
 42,720 
 
 Marketing and brand development costs 
 119,122 
 34,669 
 
 Administrative and other 
 1,077,005 
 236,763 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 9,956 
 946 

2,748,350 
 971,882 
 
 Operating income (loss) 
 (1,770,246 
 (956,604 

Other Income (Expense) 

Interest expense 
 (31,584 
 (382,601 
 
 Interest expense pre-emptive rights release 
 (350,000 
 - 
 
 Interest income 
 4,428 
 - 
 
 Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 (87,575 

(377,156 
 (470,176 

Net income (loss) before income tax provision 
 (2,147,402 
 (1,426,780 
 
 Provision for income tax 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (2,147,402 
 (1,426,780 
 
 Basic and diluted income (loss) per share 
 (0.36 
 (1.05 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 6,031,715 
 1,354,700 

</EX-99.6>

<EX-99.7>
 11
 ex99-7.htm

Exhibit
99.7 

American
Rebel Holdings to Present at the RHK 2022 Disruptive Growth Conference 

Nashville,
TN, Dec. 02, 2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) American Rebel Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: AREB) America s Patriotic Brand (the
 Company today announced that it will present a corporate overview at the RHK 2022 Disruptive Growth Conference being held
December 5-6, 2022, at the offices of Reed Smith in New York City. 

CEO
Andy Ross will present on Tuesday, December 6 at 10:20 a.m. ET. Investors who would like to access the live presentation may do by logging
in here . 

The
event features panels from several Reed Smith attorneys, including Gerard Stegmaier, Brad Rostolsky, Gerry DiFiore, Mark Goldstein, Tad
Bromley, Lisa Chiarini, Robert Riddle, and Walter Egbert. In addition to the panels, the conference will also showcase exciting and innovative
growth-oriented companies that are poised to disrupt a wide array of sectors, including health care, technology, electric vehicles and
biotech. Senior members of these selected companies are offering insights into their daily operations, as well as roadmaps for accelerated
growth, to an audience of seasoned investors. Investors interested in attending should register at this link: 
 https://www.meetmax.com/sched/event_87553/investor_reg_new.html?attendee_role_id=INVESTOR 

About
American Rebel Holdings, Inc. 

American
Rebel operates primarily as a designer, manufacturer and marketer of branded safes and personal security and self-defense products. The
Company also designs and produces branded apparel and accessories. To learn more, visit www.americanrebel.com . For investor information,
visit www.americanrebel.com/investor-relations . 

SOURCE
 : American Rebel Holdings, Inc. 

Company
Contact: 

info@americanrebel.com 

Investor
Relations: 

John
McNamara 
TraDigital IR 
917-658-2605 
 john@tradigitalir.com 

</EX-99.7>

<EX-99.8>
 12
 ex99-8.htm

Exhibit
99.8 

American
Rebel to Exhibit at 2023 SHOT Show 

Largest
Trade Show for Shooting Sports, Hunting and Law Enforcement Industries 

Las
Vegas, NV, Jan. 17, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) American Rebel Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: AREB) America s Patriotic Brand
(the Company will exhibit at the 2023 SHOT Show at the Venetian in Las Vegas January 17 20 in Booth #40553. American
Rebel will be exhibiting their Champion safes, Superior safes, American Rebel safes, Safe Guard safes, American Rebel 2A Lockers, safe
accessories, Liquid Fire, a new line of E-Bikes and more. Adding new product offerings to American Rebel makes us one step closer
to truly becoming America s Patriotic Brand, said American Rebel CEO Andy Ross. 

American
Rebel CEO Andy Ross says the SHOT Show is akin to the Super Bowl of trade shows and he is excited to elevate American Rebel s
profile. I see it as our coming out party since it is the first industry trade show for American Rebel and Champion to exhibit
together, says Ross. 

The
Company has spent the last several years building quality product lines that speak to the brand s mission. The Company also closed
on the acquisition of Champion Safe on July 29, 2022, which contributed to the Company growing Q3 2022 revenues to 4.1 million compared
to 0.3 million Q3 2021. 

Also,
CEO Andy Ross was asked back as a guest on Morning Blend on ABC-TV 13 KTNV/Las Vegas for a feature on the SHOT Show that is scheduled
to air Wednesday, January 18. Andy was previously a guest on Morning Blend on December 29, 2022, discussing building America s
Patriotic Brand. 

About
American Rebel Holdings, Inc. 

American
Rebel operates primarily as a designer, manufacturer and marketer of branded safes and personal security and self-defense products. The
Company also designs and produces branded apparel and accessories and now intends to enter the E-Bike market. To learn more, visit www.americanrebel.com
 . For investor information, visit www.americanrebel.com/investor-relations . 

About
the SHOT Show 

The
SHOT Show is the world s premier exposition of combined firearms, ammunition, law enforcement, cutlery, outdoor apparel, optics
and related products and services. The SHOT Show attracts buyers from all 50 states and more than 100 countries and is the only event
for retailers, wholesalers and distributors that brings the industry s most innovative technology, products, manufacturers, education
and regulatory leadership together to create one comprehensive and fully loaded experience. 

The
SHOT Show is restricted to members of the shooting, hunting, military and outdoor trade industry including commercial buyers and sellers
of military, law enforcement and tactical products. It is a trade show not open to the general public. 

For
more information visit https://www.nssf.org/shotshow/ 

SOURCE
 : American Rebel Holdings, Inc. 

Company
Contact: 

info@americanrebel.com 

</EX-99.8>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 areb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 areb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 areb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 areb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

