<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230418_10-K_edgar_data_1539850_0001493152-23-012700.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8246526</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>304042</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1305423</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2909120</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1613029</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1852169</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012700.hdr.sgml : 20230418
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417215811
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012700
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230418
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Starco Brands, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001539850
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING AGENCIES [7311]
		IRS NUMBER:				271781753
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54892
		FILM NUMBER:		23825393

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 26TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90402
		BUSINESS PHONE:		818-760-1644

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 26TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90402

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Insynergy Products, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120118

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012700.txt : 20230418

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE YEAR ENDED , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM__________ TO__________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

OTC
 Markets Group OTCQB Tier 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

 (Title
of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the 42,250,512 shares of voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the closing price 0.69 on the OTC Market, at which the common equity was
last sold as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter of June 30, 2022, was approximately . 

As
of April 17, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Class A common stock outstanding. Subsequent to December 31, 2022,
the registrant s common stock was renamed Class A common stock. Throughout this report, any reference
to common stock during fiscal year 2022 represents the same number of Class A common stock following February 9, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

STARCO
BRANDS, INC. 

 FORM
10-K 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 

PART I 
 
 3 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 3 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 7 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 16 

Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 16 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 16 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 16 

PART II 
 
 17 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 17 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved]. 
 18 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 19 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 25 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 25 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 26 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 27 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 28 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 28 

PART III 
 
 28 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 28 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 30 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 31 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 31 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 34 

PART IV 
 
 35 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 35 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 38 

Signatures 
 39 

2 

PART
I 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the federal securities laws. The events described in forward-looking
statements contained in this Annual Report may not occur. Generally these statements relate to business plans or strategies, projected
or anticipated benefits or other consequences of our plans or strategies, projected or anticipated benefits from acquisitions to be made
by us, or projections involving anticipated revenues, earnings or other aspects of our operating results. The words may, 
 will, expect, believe, anticipate, project, plan, 
 intend, estimate, and continue, and their opposites and similar expressions are intended to
identify forward-looking statements. We caution you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are
subject to a number of uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which are beyond our control, that may influence the accuracy
of the statements and the projections upon which the statements are based. Factors which may affect our results include, but are not
limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A of this Annual Report Risk Factors ). 

Any
one or more of these uncertainties, risks and other influences could materially affect our results of operations and whether forward-looking
statements made by us ultimately prove to be accurate. Our actual results, performance and achievements could differ materially from
those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether from new information, future events or otherwise. 

Item
 1 . 
 Business 

Starco
Brands, Inc. (formerly Insynergy Products, Inc.), which we refer to as the Company, our Company, STCB ,
 we, us or our, was incorporated in the State of Nevada on January 26, 2010 under the name Insynergy,
Inc. On September 7, 2017, the Company filed an Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to change the corporate name to Starco Brands,
Inc. The Board determined the change of the Company s name was in the best interests of the Company due to changes in our current
and anticipated business operations at that time. In July 2017, the Company entered into a licensing agreement with The Starco Group TSG ), located in Los Angeles, California. TSG is a private label and branded aerosol and liquid fill manufacturer with
manufacturing assets in the following verticals: DIY/Hardware, paints, coatings and adhesives, household, hair care, disinfectants, automotive,
motorcycle, arts crafts, personal care cosmetics, personal care FDA, sun care, food, cooking oils, beverages, and spirits and wine.
Upon entering into the licensing agreement with TSG, the Company pivoted to commercializing novel consumer products manufactured by TSG. 

In
2022, the Company embarked on a strategy to grow its consumer product line offerings through the acquisition of multiple subsidiaries
with established behavior changing products and brands. With an increased product line and its existing partner relationships, the Company
is expanding its verticals and consumer base. 

Executive
Overview 

In
July 2017, our Board of Directors entered into a licensing agreement with TSG to pursue a new strategic marketing plan involving commercializing
leading edge products with the intent to sell them through brick and mortar and online retailers. We are a company whose mission is to
create behavior-changing products and brands. Our core competency is inventing brands, marketing, building trends, pushing awareness
and social marketing. The licensing agreement with TSG provided STCB with certain products on an exclusive and royalty-free basis and
other products on a non-exclusive and royalty basis, in the categories of food, household cleaning, air care, spirits and personal care. 

The
current CEO and owner of TSG, Ross Sklar, was named the CEO of STCB in August of 2017. Mr. Sklar has spent his career commercializing
technology in industrial and consumer markets. Mr. Sklar has built teams of manufacturing personnel, research and development, and sales
and marketing professionals over the last 20 years and has grown TSG into a successful and diversified manufacturer supplying a wide
range of products to some of the largest retailers in the United States. As the Company continues to grow the number of products and
brands under the STCB umbrella, it will continue to leverage its relationship with TSG to streamline its product manufacturing. 

3 

Product
Development 

We
have conducted extensive research and have identified specific channels to penetrate with a portfolio of novel technologies. We are now
executing on this vision and, since our inception, have launched and /or served as the marketer of record for various product lines. 

Winona 

STCB
is the marketer of record, but not the owner of record of, the Winona Butter Flavor Popcorn Spray. STCB provides marketing services
for Winona pursuant to a licensing agreement, and through its relationship with TSG and their marketing partner Deutsch Marketing, launched
a new label in June 2019 for Winona throughout Walmart stores. Winona Popcorn Spray is also sold in H-E-B grocery stores. STCB also launched
the Winona Popcorn Spray on Amazon through our strategic partner Pattern (formally iServe), who is a stockholder in STCB. Sales grew
significantly in 2021 and 2022, the Company expects sales to continue to grow in this space as management plans to increase the Company s
sales personnel in 2023 for this product line. 

Whipshots 

In
December 2021, the Company launched a new product line consisting of vodka-infused, whipped-cream aerosols, under the brand name Whipshots. 
The launch event was held at Art Basel in Miami and garnered over 1 billion impressions world-wide. The Company launched the product
on whipshots.com with a limited quantity of cans to be sold each day for the month of December. Whipshots sold out every single
day of the month. The Company launched brick and mortar retail distribution in the first quarter of 2022 and signed a distribution agreement
with RNDC, one of the largest spirits distributors in the nation. The Company also announced a distribution deal with GoPuff and BevMo.
Throughout 2022, STCB entered into Distribution Agreements with various distributors pursuant to which such distributors will act as
the exclusive distributors of Whipshots in various geographic locations. Initially the Company introduced three flavors of Whipshots 
to the market Vanilla, Mocha and Caramel. In November 2022 the Company introduced a new flavor, Peppermint, as a Limited Time
seasonal item. The Company plans to continue to offer various additional Limited Time flavors in 2023. Whipshots is produced by
Temperance Distilling Company, of which Sklar is a majority shareholder. 

Breathe 

The
Breathe Household cleaning aerosol line was an environmentally friendly line of household cleaning aerosol products. It was the
world s first aerosol household cleaning line to be approved by the EPA s Safer Choice program. This line is biodegradable
and is propelled by nitrogen, which makes up approximately 80 of the earth s breathable air. Breathe was named Partner of the
Year by the EPA s Safer Choice Program and also achieved the Good Housekeeping Seal of approval. 

STCB
also launched the Breathe Hand Sanitizer Spray in April 2020. The invention was created and patents were filed by Alim Enterprises,
LLC, AE an entity owned by Mr. Sklar. Originally the technology was developed for Blue Cross Laboratories, LLC, BCL a personal care consumer products manufacturer owned by Mr. Sklar s TSG. The product was developed as a result of supply chain
collapse during the Covid-19 outbreak and increased demand for hand sanitizers. The traditional packaging components used in manufacturing
hand sanitizer became very difficult to procure. BCL, located in Santa Clarita, California, is an at scale manufacturer that started
approximately 50 years ago with personal care products, including hand sanitizer. Due to the outbreak of Covid-19, many traditional component
supply chains became overly stressed and BCL could not source enough bottles and caps. Through Mr. Sklar s AE, the concept of a
spray hand sanitizer was invented. 

The
product was being manufactured by BOV Solutions, a division of TSG that is an at scale FDA, CFR210/211 manufacturer of aerosol and OTC
products. The Breathe Hand Sanitizer Spray could only be made in an FDA facility that had at scale aerosol capabilities. The product
was sold through BOV Solutions and TSG s existing distribution footprints in the United States. STCB launched the product in April
2020 via a press release in partnership with Dollar General, announcing its distribution in each of their 15,000+ stores. STCB also partnered
with Wegmans, HLA and J Winkler. The product was distributed through The Home Depot, Lowes, American Pharmacy, AutoZone, The Farm Shop,
Harris Teeter, UNFI, Kehe, Macy s, Smart Final, Weeks and others. 

4 

Betterbilt
Chemical s Kleen Out 

STCB
was also the marketer of record, but not the owner of record of, Betterbilt Chemical s Kleen Out branded drain opener and
provided marketing services for Betterbilt pursuant to a marketing agreement. In December 2022, STCB and TSG mutually agreed to end the
marketing agreement for Betterbilt Chemical s Kleen Out drain opener. 

Material
Events During 2021 

Whipshots TM
 and Whipshotz TM Trademarks 

On
September 8, 2021, Whipshots LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company Whipshots ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of STCB entered
into an Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement effective August 24, 2021, with Penguins Fly, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability
company Seller ). The Agreement provided that Seller would sell the trademarks Whipshotz and Whipshots ,
the accompanying domain and social media handles of the same nomenclature, and certain intellectual property, documents, digital assets,
customer data and other transferable rights under non-disclosure, non-compete, non-solicitation and confidentiality contracts benefiting
the purchased intellectual property and documents (collectively, the Acquired Assets to Whipshots. The purchase price
for the Acquired Assets will be payable to Seller, over the course of seven years, based on a sliding scale percentage of gross revenues
actually received by us solely from our sale of Whipshots/Whipshotz Products. The payment are subject to a minimum amount in each contract
year and a maximum aggregate amount. 

Whipshots TM
 Licensing/Marketing 

On
September 14, 2021, Whipshots LLC entered into a License Agreement (the Washpoppin License Agreement with Washpoppin Inc.,
a New York corporation Licensor ). Pursuant to the Washpoppin License Agreement, Licensor licensed certain Licensed Property
(as defined therein) of the recording artist professionally known as Cardi B (the Artist to us. 

As
part of the Washpoppin License Agreement, in exchange for royalty rates based on Net Sales (as defined therein) during each applicable
contract period, the Licensor warrants to cause the Artist to attend certain in person events, media interviews, participate in the development
of the Licensed Products (as defined therein), and promote the Licensed Products through social media posts on the Artist s social
media platforms. We have committed to a minimum royalty payment under the Agreement of an aggregate of 3,300,000 subject to Licensor s
satisfaction of its obligations. 

Distribution
Agreements 

In
November of 2021, we entered into separate Distribution Agreements (each a Distribution Agreement and, collectively, the
 Distribution Agreements with each of (i) National Distributing Company, Inc., a Georgia corporation, (ii) Republic National
Distributing Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and (iii) Young s Market Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (each a Distributor and, collectively, the Distributors each with an effective date as of November
1, 2021. Pursuant to the Distribution Agreements, the Distributors will act as the exclusive distributor for STCB in the Territories
set forth on Exhibit B for the Products set forth on Exhibit A , to each such Distribution Agreement, as amended from time
to time. The foregoing Distribution Agreements cover 20 U.S. States and the District of Columbia. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Distribution Agreements, the Distributors will serve as the exclusive distributors in such Territories for Whipshots TM .
The Distribution Agreements provide the Distributors rights to expand the Territories and Products covered under each such Distribution
Agreement as we expand our product lines and distribution channels. The expansion of Territories and Products may be exercised under
various rights, including rights of first refusal to serve as an exclusive distributor of new Products in new Territories. The Company
has also agreed to grant the Distributors most favored nations pricing providing for the lowest price available across
the United States and its territories and possessions (the US Territory ), and to grant Distributors any volume or other
discounts that are offered to any other distributor in the US Territory by us, provided such action is not a violation of applicable
law. 

5 

Broker
Agreements 

In
November of 2021, we entered into separate Broker Agreements (each a Broker Agreement 
and, collectively, the Broker Agreements with both Republic National Distributing Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company, and Young s Market Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (each a Broker and, collectively,
the Brokers each with an effective date as of November 1, 2021. Pursuant to the Broker Agreements, the Broker will act
as the exclusive broker for us in the Territories set forth on Exhibit B for the Products set forth on Exhibit A , to each
such Broker Agreement, as amended from time to time. Each Broker will receive a commission rate of 10 . The foregoing Broker Agreements
cover 15 U.S. States. 

In December 2021, the Company
pursued financing via a Regulation A offering which was qualified on December 9, 2021. The Company engaged The Dalmore Group to assist
as the broker dealer of record in this process, in which up to 56,818,181 shares of Class A common stock may be sold to the public at
a per share price of 1.00. The Regulation A offering terminated in December 2022 and no further sales of Class A common stock are being
sold pursuant to that offering. During the offering period, the Company sold 151,250 shares of Class A common stock at 1.00 per share. 

Materials
Events During 2022 and prior to the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Acquisitions 

In
2022, STCB embarked on a strategy to grow its consumer product line offerings through acquiring existing behavior changing products and
brands. 

On
September 12, 2022, STCB, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Starco Merger Sub Inc. Merger Sub ), completed its acquisition
(the AOS Acquisition of The AOS Group Inc., a Delaware corporation AOS ). The AOS Acquisition consisted
of Merger Sub merging with and into AOS, with AOS being the surviving corporation. AOS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of STCB. AOS is the
maker of Art of Sport premium body and skincare products engineered to power and protect athletes and brings over the counter respiratory,
sun care, women and children, pain management, performance supplements, food, beverage and apparel product lines under STCB auspices. 

On
December 29, 2022, STCB, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Starco Merger Sub II, Inc. Merger Sub ), completed its acquisition
(the Skylar Acquisition of Skylar Body, Inc., a Delaware corporation Skylar Inc. through the merger of
Merger Sub with and into Skylar Inc. Immediately following the Skylar Acquisition Skylar Inc. merged with and into Skylar Body, LLC Skylar a wholly-owned subsidiary of STCB, with Skylar as the surviving entity. Skylar is a wholly-owned subsidiary of STCB. Skylar is the maker
of fragrances that are hypoallergenic and safe for sensitive skin. 

On
February 15, 2023, STCB,, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Starco Merger Sub I, Inc. Merger Sub ), completed its acquisition
(the Soylent Acquisition of Soylent Nutrition, Inc., a Delaware corporation Soylent ). The Soylent Acquisition
consisted of Merger Sub merging with and into Soylent, with Soylent being the surviving corporation. Soylent is a wholly-owned subsidiary
of STCB. Soylent is the maker of a wide range of plant-based complete nutrition and functional food products
with a lineup of plant-based convenience shakes, powders and bars that contain proteins, healthy fats, functional amino acids and essential
nutrients. 

Competition 

The
household, personal care and beverage consumer products market in the U.S. is mature and highly competitive. Our competitive set has
grown with our recent acquisitions and consists of consumer products companies, including large and well-established multinational companies
as well as smaller regional and local companies. These competitors include Johnson Johnson, The Procter Gamble Company, Unilever,
Diageo, CytoSport, Inc., Abbott Nutrition, Nestl , Owyn, Clean Reserve, The 7 Virtues and others. Within each product category,
most of our products compete with other widely advertised brands and store brand products. 

6 

Competition
in our product categories is based on a number of factors including price, quality and brand recognition. We benefit from the strength
of our brands, a differentiated portfolio of quality branded and store brand products, as well as significant capital investment in our
manufacturing facilities. We believe the strong recognition of the Whipshots brand and Soylent brand among U.S. consumers gives us a
competitive advantage. 

Growth
Strategy 

As
long as the Company can raise capital, the Company plans to launch other products in spray foods and condiments, over the counter respiratory,
air care, skin care, sun care, hair care, personal care, pain management, performance supplements, plant-based convenience shakes, powders
and bars, apparel, fragrances, spirits and beverages over the next 36 months. Financing growth and launching of new products through
our key subsidiaries is key to the Company s ability to raise further capital. 

We
will need to rely on sales of our Class A common stock and other sources of financing to raise additional capital. The purchasers and
manner of any share issuance will be determined according to our financial needs and the available exemptions to the registration requirements
of the Securities Act. The Company will utilize the marketing capabilities of Hearst Media with its co-branding arrangement on some of
its products. This provides significant support for our current retail and online distribution. We also plan to raise capital in the
future through a compliant offering. 

We
continue to strive towards becoming a leading brand owner and third-party marketer of cutting edge technologies in the consumer products
marketplace whose success is expected to increase stockholder value. The Company will continue to evaluate this and other opportunities
to further set its strategy for 2023 and beyond. 

For
more information and to view our products, you may visit our websites at www.starcobrands.com, www.breathecleaning.com, www.breathesanitizer.com,
www.whipshots.com, www.bingeworthyflavor.com, www.artofsport.com, www.skylar.com and www.soylent.com. 

Offices 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 250 26th Street, Suite 200, Santa Monica, California, 90402, and our telephone number is (323)
266-7111. Our website is www.starcobrands.com and the Company makes its SEC reports available on the website. Our internet website and
the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 

Employees 

STCB
currently has no full-time employees but uses independent contractors and consultants and contributed services from related parties on
an as needed basis. Skylar currently has 11 full-time employees. Soylent currently has 21 full-time employees. We believe
that our employee relations are good. 

Item
 1A . 
 Risk
 Factors . 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide
the information under this Item; however, we have chosen to include the following risk factors. 

The
Company is still subject to all the same risks that all companies in its business, and all companies in the economy, are exposed to.
These include risks relating to economic downturns, political and economic events, pandemics and government lockdowns and technological
developments (such as cyber-attacks and the ability to prevent those attacks). Additionally, early-stage companies are inherently more
risky than more developed companies. You should consider general risks as well as specific risks when deciding whether to invest. 

7 

Risks
Related to Our Company and its Business 

We
are reliant on related parties for some of our revenues, manufacturing certain of our products, and much of our administrative
activities. 

Starco
Brands has no full-time employees and uses independent contractors and consultants, and uses contributed services from
related parties on an as needed basis for a majority of the administration of Company operations, and as set forth in these Risk
Factors, some of our revenues and manufacturing depend on the operations of related parties. 

We
are highly dependent on the services of Ross Sklar, our Chief Executive Officer. 

We
are highly dependent on the services of Ross Sklar, our Chief Executive Officer. Although Mr. Sklar spends significant time with the
Company and is highly active in our management, he does not devote his full time and attention to the Company. Mr. Sklar also currently
serves as Chief Executive Officer of The Starco Group TSG and is Chairman of Temperance Distilling Company Temperance ),
among other positions and activities. 

We
are effectively controlled by Ross Sklar. As a result, Mr. Sklar has the ability to prevent or cause a change in control or approve,
prevent or influence certain actions by us. 

As
of April 17, 2023, Mr. Sklar beneficially controls, directly or indirectly, shares of the Company s Class A common stock representing
approximately 81.9 of the outstanding voting power of the Class A common stock. 

As
a result of his stock ownership and various voting agreements, Mr. Sklar has the ability to exercise significant control and influence
over our business, including almost all matters requiring stockholder approval (e.g., the election of directors, amendments to the Articles
of Incorporation, and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our Company or its securities or assets)
for the foreseeable future. 

We
rely on related parties and our business could be adversely affected if relationships with such related parties change, are terminated,
or are not renewed. 

The
Company is dependent on The Starco Group which is owned by our CEO, Ross Sklar. There is no assurance that TSG will produce, supply or
distribute sufficient quantities of those products needed by the Company. Difficulties in developing alternative sources of supply, if
required, or failure of TSG to provide the products to the Company would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business,
financial condition, and result of operations. 

We
have incurred significant net losses and have only recently begun generating profits. We cannot assure you that we will continue to achieve
profitable operations. 

We have
historically incurred significant net losses since inception. We generated net income of 977,858 in the year ended December 31, 2022,
had a net loss of 2,325,074 for the year ended December 31, 2021, had net income of
 543,286 for the year ended December 31, 2020 and had net losses of 139,964 and 441,951 for the years ended December 31, 2019 and
2018, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 17,578,219. We may not be able to maintain
profitability, and may incur significant losses again in the future for a number of reasons, including unforeseen expenses, difficulties,
complications, and delays, and other unknown events. 

We
cannot assure you that we will achieve sustainable operating profits as we continue to expand our brand and product offerings, further
develop our marketing efforts, and otherwise implement our growth initiatives. Any failure to achieve and maintain profitability would
have a materially adverse effect on our ability to implement our business plan, our results and operations, and our financial condition,
and could cause the value of our Class A common stock to decline, resulting in a significant or complete loss of your investment. 

8 

If
we do not obtain adequate capital funding or improve our financial performance, we may not be able to continue as a going concern. 

The
report of our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2022 included herein contains an explanatory
paragraph indicating that there is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern as a result of recurring losses
from operations. This report is dated April 17, 2023.
Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States,
which contemplate that we will continue to operate as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements do not contain any adjustments
that might result if we are unable to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern will be determined by our
ability to continue generating revenues from our operations, which will enable us to fund our expansion plans and realize our business
objectives. If we are unable to continue to grow our revenue and to and sustain profitability, we may not be able to continue as a going
concern. 

Our
success depends on our ability to uphold the reputation of our brands and our clients brands, which will depend on the
effectiveness of our marketing, our product quality, and our client experience. 

We
believe that ours and our company-clients brand image and brand awareness is vital to the success of our business. We also believe
that maintaining and enhancing the image of ours and our clients brands, particularly in new markets where we have limited brand
recognition, is important to maintaining and expanding ours and our clients customer base. As we execute our acquisition and growth
strategy, our ability to successfully expand into new markets or to maintain the strength and distinctiveness of the image of ours and
our clients brands, our existing markets will be adversely impacted if we fail to connect with ours and our clients target
customers. Among other things, we rely on our marketing, strategy, and media partners, as well as social media platforms, such as Instagram
and Twitter, to help implement our marketing strategies and promote ours and our clients brands. Ours and our clients brands
and reputation may be adversely affected if we fail to achieve these objectives, if ours or our clients public image was to be
tarnished by negative publicity, if we fail to deliver innovative and high-quality products acceptable to our customers, or if we face
a product recall. Negative publicity regarding the production methods of our manufacturer The Starco Group or those of the client-companies
we work with could adversely affect our reputation and sales. Additionally, while we devote considerable efforts and resources to protecting
our and our clients intellectual property, if these efforts are not successful the value of our brand may be harmed. Any harm
to our brand and reputation could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

If
we are unable to anticipate consumer preferences and successfully develop and introduce new, innovative and updated products, we may
not be able to maintain or increase our sales or achieve profitability. 

Our
success depends to a significant degree on our ability to timely identify and originate product trends as well as to anticipate and react
to changing consumer demands. All of our products are subject to changing consumer preferences and we cannot predict such changes with
any certainty. Product trends in the food, household cleaning, air care, spirits and personal care markets can change rapidly. We will
need to anticipate, identify and respond quickly to changing trends and consumer demands in order to provide the products our customers
seek and maintain the image of our brands. If we cannot identify changing trends in advance, fail to react to changing trends or misjudge
the market for a trend, our sales could be adversely affected, and we may be faced with a substantial amount of unsold inventory or missed
opportunities. As a result, we may be forced to mark down our merchandise in order to dispose of slow-moving inventory, which may result
in lower profit margins, negatively impacting our financial condition and results of operations. 

Even
if we are successful in anticipating consumer demands, our ability to adequately react to and execute on those demands will in part depend
upon our continued ability to develop and introduce high-quality products. If we fail to introduce products in the categories that consumers
want, demand for our products could decline and our brand image could be negatively impacted. Our failure to effectively introduce new
products and enter into new product categories that are accepted by consumers could result in excess inventory, inventory write-downs,
decreases in gross margins and a decrease in net revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

Our
ability to anticipate consumer preferences also goes hand-in-hand with our ability to provide effective marketing services for our clients.
If we are unable to predict what might be attractive to the target consumers of our client s products, our marketing efforts in
connection with those products may be unsuccessful, which would negatively affect our reputation within the industry, and negatively
affect our operating results. 

9 

An
economic downturn or economic uncertainty in the United States may adversely affect consumer discretionary spending and demand for our
products. 

Our
operating results are affected by the relative condition of the United States economy as many of our products may be considered discretionary
items for consumers. In an economic downturn, our customers may reduce their spending and purchases due to job loss or fear of job loss,
foreclosures, bankruptcies, higher consumer debt and interest rates, reduced access to credit, falling home prices, increased taxes,
and/or lower consumer confidence. Consumer demand for our products may not reach our targets, or may decline, when there is an economic
downturn or economic uncertainty. Current, recent past, and future conditions may also adversely affect our pricing and liquidation strategy;
promotional activities, product liquidation, and decreased demand for consumer products could affect profitability and margins. Online
customer traffic is difficult to forecast. As a consequence, sales, operating, and financial results for a particular period are difficult
to predict, and, therefore, it is difficult to forecast expected results for future periods. Any of the foregoing factors could have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition and could adversely affect our stock price. 

Additionally,
many of the effects and consequences of U.S. and global financial and economic conditions could potentially have a material adverse effect
on our liquidity and capital resources, including the ability to raise additional capital, if needed, or could otherwise negatively affect
our business and financial results. For example, global economic conditions may also adversely affect our suppliers access to
capital and liquidity with which to maintain their inventory, production levels, and product quality and to operate their businesses,
all of which could adversely affect our supply chain. Market instability could make it more difficult for us and our suppliers to accurately
forecast future product demand trends, which could cause us to carry too much or too little merchandise in various product categories. 

Additionally,
inflationary factors such as increases in the costs to purchase products, acquire mineral rights and overhead costs may adversely affect
our operating results. A continued high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current
levels of gross margin and selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues if the selling prices of our services
do not increase with these increased costs. 

Our
results of operations could be materially harmed if we are unable to accurately forecast demand for our products. 

To
ensure adequate inventory supply, our manufacturers, TSG and Temperance, forecast inventory needs and estimate future demand for particular
products on our behalf. Their ability to accurately forecast demand for our products could be affected by many factors, including an
increase or decrease in demand for our products or for products of our competitors, their failure to accurately forecast acceptance of
new products, product introductions by competitors, unanticipated changes in general market conditions, and weakening of economic conditions
or consumer confidence in future economic conditions. Inventory levels in excess of customer demand may result in inventory write-downs
or write-offs and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices or in less preferred distribution channels, which could impair our
brand image and have an adverse effect on gross margin, which ultimately impacts our revenues. In addition, if the manufacturers underestimate
the demand for our products, they may not be able to produce products to meet our customer requirements, and this could result in delays
in the shipment of our products and our ability to recognize revenue, lost sales, as well as damage to our reputation and distributor
relationships. 

In
addition, our growth strategy has resulted in STCB acquiring three subsidiaries through mergers, in each case expanding our product line
offerings. Each of AOS, Skylar and Soylent bring a new demographic of consumer to the forefront of the STCB consumer products space,
spanning premium body and skincare products, to hypoallergenic fragrances, and plant-based complete nutrition. If under our stewardship
we are unable to accurately forecast the demand for these new product lines we may damage brand image for these new segments. 

We
operate in a highly competitive market and the size and resources of some of our competitors may allow them to compete more effectively
than we can, resulting in a loss of our market share and a decrease in our net revenue. 

The
categories in which we operate are highly competitive, both in the U.S. and globally, as a limited number of large manufacturers compete
for consumer acceptance, limited retail shelf space and e-commerce opportunities. Because of the highly competitive environment in which
we operate as well as increasing retailer concentration, our retailer customers, including online retailers, frequently seek to obtain
pricing concessions or better trade terms, resulting in either reduction of our margins or losses of distribution to lower cost competitors.
Competition is based upon brand perceptions, product performance and innovation, customer service and price. Our ability to compete effectively
may be affected by a number of factors, including: 

We
 face competition from large, established companies, including The Procter Gamble Company,
 Unilever, Johnson Johnson, Diageo and others, that have significantly greater financial,
 marketing, research and development and other resources and greater market share than we
 do, which provides them with greater scale and negotiating leverage with retailers; 
 
 Our
 competitors may have lower production, sales and distribution costs, and higher profit margins,
 which may enable them to offer aggressive retail discounts and other promotional incentives;
 and 
 
 Our
 competitors may be able to obtain exclusive distribution rights at particular retailers or
 favorable in-store placement. 

10 

In
general, the greater capabilities of these large competitors in these areas enable them to better withstand periodic product campaign
failures, and more general downturns in the industry, compete more effectively on the basis of price and production and more quickly
develop or locate and license new products. In addition, new companies may enter the markets in which we expect to compete, further increasing
competition in our industry. 

We
rely on licensing agreements with The Starco Group and Temperance Distilling Company. 

We
are party to a licensing agreement (the TSG Licensing Agreement with TSG dated July 12, 2017. Pursuant to this agreement,
STCB licenses to TSG the exclusive right to manufacture and sell STCB s products, which it may sell under the brand names owned
by STCB. In return, TSG pays STCB royalties based on TSG s unit sales of the products licensed by STCB to TSG pursuant to the TSG
Licensing Agreement. Most of the Company s products are manufactured and sold by TSG pursuant to this Licensing Agreement. As such,
we are reliant on the TSG Licensing Agreement with TSG for a significant portion of our business. In addition, due to the close relationship
of the Company and TSG, the deal terms that the Company has procured under this TSG Licensing Agreement (relating to manufacturing and
royalties the Company receives on product sales by TSG) are very favorable to the Company, and would be difficult to replicate with another
third-party manufacturer. Further, if for some reason the Company wanted to switch to an alternative provider for the manufacturing and
selling of Company products, the TSG Licensing Agreement grants TSG an exclusive right to the products of the Company, and therefore
the Company would be unable to change to another manufacturer without the consent of TSG or a breach by TSG of the terms of the TSG Licensing
Agreement. Under the terms of the TSG Licensing Agreement, the agreement expires December 31, 2028, but may be terminated by either party
immediately upon the material breach of the TSG Licensing Agreement by the other party. If TSG were to assert a breach of the TSG Licensing
Agreement by the Company, and was successful in terminating the TSG Licensing Agreement, it could have a material adverse effect on the
Company and its operating results. 

We
are party to a licensing agreement with Temperance Distilling Company (the TDC Agreement ), dated January 24, 2022. In the
TDC Agreement, STCB licenses to Temperance the right to manufacture and sell products using the brand name Whipshots. In return, Temperance
agrees to pay STCB royalties based on net unit sales of products licensed by STCB to Temperance. At this time, Temperance is the sole
manufacturer for Whipshots products, thus we are reliant on the TDC Agreement for all royalties related to the Whipshots products. 

Certain
of our products rely on a single manufacturer. 

Whipshots, a significant contributor to our revenue for fiscal year 2022, is manufactured by Temperance. Temperance
is responsible for the procurement of all raw materials and components required to manufacture Whipshots. Due to the unique nature of
Whipshots, the Company is reliant on Temperance as the manufacturer of Whipshots and would not be able to easily find a comparable third-party
manufacturer if needed. The operations of Temperance can be subject to additional risks beyond our control, including shipping delays,
labor disputes, trade restrictions, tariffs and embargos, or any other change in local conditions. Temperance may experience a significant
disruption in the supply or raw materials from current sources and, in the event of such a disruption, it may be unable to locate alternative
materials suppliers of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all. There have occasionally been, and there may again in the
future be, shipments of products by Temperance to the Company s customers that fail to comply with our specifications or that fail
to conform to our quality control standards or those of our customers. Under these circumstances, we may incur substantial expense to
remedy the problems and may be required to obtain replacement products. If we fail to remedy any such problem in a timely manner, we
risk the loss of net revenue resulting from the inability to sell those products and related increased administrative and shipping costs.
Additionally, if the unacceptability of our products is not discovered until after such products are purchased by our customers, our
customers could lose confidence in our products or we could face a product recall. In such an event our brand reputation may be negatively
impacted which could negatively impact our results of operations. 

11 

Notwithstanding
our acquisitions, TSG remains a material manufacturer of a significant number of our products, including procuring raw materials for
such products. As a result, the Company is still reliant to a meaningful degree on TSG for the production of Company products, and might
not easily be able to find a comparable third-party manufacturer for such products. In addition, the operations of TSG can be subject
to risks beyond our control, including shipping delays, labor disputes, trade restrictions, tariffs and embargos, or any other change
in local conditions. TSG may experience a significant disruption in the supply or raw materials from current sources and, in the event
of such a disruption, it may be unable to locate alternative materials suppliers of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at
all. There have occasionally been, and there may again in the future be, shipments of products by TSG to the Company s customers
that fail to comply with our specifications or that fail to conform to our quality control standards or those of our customers. Under
these circumstances, we may incur substantial expense to remedy the problems and may be required to obtain replacement products. If we
fail to remedy any such problem in a timely manner, we risk the loss of net revenue resulting from the inability to sell those products
and related increased administrative and shipping costs. Additionally, if the unacceptability of our products is not discovered until
after such products are purchased by our customers, our customers could lose confidence in our products or we could face a product recall.
In such an event our brand reputation may be negatively impacted which could negatively impact our results of operations. 

Our
sales and gross margins may decline as a result of increasing product costs and may not keep up with inflation. 

Our
business is subject to significant pressure on costs and pricing caused by many factors, including intense competition, constrained sourcing
capacity and related inflationary pressure, pressure from consumers to reduce the prices we charge for our products, and changes in consumer
demand. These factors may cause us to experience increased costs, reduce our prices to consumers or experience reduced sales in response
to increased prices, any of which could cause our operating margin to decline if we are unable to offset these factors with reductions
in operating costs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial conditions, operating results and cash flows. 

In
addition, the United States and the countries in which our products are produced or sold internationally have imposed and may impose
additional quotas, duties, tariffs, or other restrictions or regulations, or may adversely adjust prevailing quota, duty or tariff levels.
Countries impose, modify and remove tariffs and other trade restrictions in response to a diverse array of factors, including global
and national economic and political conditions, which make it impossible for us to predict future developments regarding tariffs and
other trade restrictions. Trade restrictions, including tariffs, quotas, embargoes, safeguards, and customs restrictions, could increase
the cost or reduce the supply of products available to us or may require us to modify our supply chain organization or other current
business practices, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
operations are largely dependent on TSG s network of warehouses and distribution centers, and the loss of, or disruption
in, such a warehouse and distribution center and other factors affecting the distribution of our products could have a material adverse
effect on our business and operations. 

TSG
manufactures a meaningful portion of the Company s products and sells those products to a variety of distributors, retailers and
end users at wholesale or retail amounts. As such, our warehouse, fulfillment and distribution functions are handled by TSG. Our current
fulfillment/distribution operations are substantially dependent on the continued retention of these facilities. Any significant interruption
in the operation of a warehouse and fulfillment/distribution center due to natural disasters, accidents, system issues or failures, or
other unforeseen causes that materially impair our ability to access or use such a facility, could delay or impair the ability to distribute
products and fulfill online orders, which could cause sales to decline. 

12 

Our
margins may decline as a result of increasing freight costs. 

Freight
costs are impacted by changes in fuel prices through surcharges, among other factors. Fuel prices and surcharges affect freight costs
both on inbound freight from suppliers to the distribution center as well as outbound freight from the distribution center to stores/shops,
supplier returns and third-party liquidators, and shipments of product to customers. The cost of transporting our products for distribution
and sale is also subject to fluctuation due in large part to the price of oil. Our products must be transported by third parties over
large geographical distances and an increase in the price of oil can significantly increase costs. Manufacturing delays or unexpected
transportation delays can also cause us to rely more heavily on airfreight to achieve timely delivery to our customers, which significantly
increases freight costs. Increases in fuel prices, surcharges, and other potential factors may increase freight costs. Since the Company
receives a royalty on all of its product sales based on the total unit sales of the product minus costs, one of which is freight costs,
these fluctuations may increase our cost of products and have an adverse effect on our margins, results of operations and financial condition. 

If
we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, competitors may manufacture and market similar products, which could
adversely affect our market share and results of operations. 

All
of our product sales are from products bearing proprietary trademarks and brand names. In addition, we own or license patents and patent
applications for certain products we sell. We rely on trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws to protect our intellectual
property rights. There is a risk that we will not be able to obtain and perfect or maintain our own intellectual property rights or,
where appropriate, license intellectual property rights necessary to support new product introductions. In addition, even if such rights
are protected in the U.S., the laws of some other countries in which our products are or may be sold do not protect intellectual property
rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. Our intellectual property rights could be invalidated, circumvented or challenged in
the future, and we could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions relating to such rights. As patents expire, we could
face increased competition or decreased royalties, either of which could negatively impact our operating results. If other parties infringe
our intellectual property rights, they may dilute the value of our brands in the marketplace, which could diminish the value that consumers
associate with our brands and harm our sales. 

We
may be subject to liability if we infringe upon the intellectual property rights of third parties. 

We
may be subject to liability if we infringe upon the intellectual property rights of third parties. If we were to be found liable for
any such infringement, we could be required to pay substantial damages and could be subject to injunctions preventing further infringement.
Such infringement claims could harm our brand image. 

Our
business involves the potential for product liability and other claims against us, which could affect our results of operations and financial
condition and result in product recalls or withdrawals. 

We
face exposure to claims arising out of alleged defects in our products, including for property damage, bodily injury or other adverse
effects. We do not currently maintain product liability insurance, which puts us at a greater risk of harm to our business operations
should we receive a monetary judgment against us in relation to a product liability lawsuit. We intend on obtaining product liability
insurance in the future. However, even with product liability insurance, we would not be covered against all types of claims, particularly
claims other than those involving personal injury or property damage or claims that exceed the amount of insurance coverage. Further,
we may not be able to maintain such insurance in sufficient amounts, on desirable terms, or at all, in the future. In addition to the
risk of monetary judgments not covered by insurance, product liability claims could result in negative publicity that could harm our
products reputation and in certain cases require a product recall. Product recalls or product liability claims, and any subsequent
remedial actions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, brand value, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Our
failure to comply with trade and other regulations could lead to investigations or actions by government regulators and negative publicity. 

The
labeling, distribution, importation, marketing and sale of our products are subject to extensive regulation by various federal agencies,
including the Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Food and Drug Administration FDA and
state attorneys general in the U.S., as well as by various other federal, state, provincial, local and international regulatory authorities
in the locations in which our products are distributed or sold. If we fail to comply with those regulations, we could become subject
to significant penalties or claims or be required to recall products, which could negatively impact our results of operations and disrupt
our ability to conduct our business, as well as damage our brand image with consumers. In addition, the adoption of new regulations or
changes in the interpretation of existing regulations may result in significant unanticipated compliance costs or discontinuation of
product sales and may impair the marketing of our products, resulting in significant loss of net revenues. 

13 

Should
we choose to pursue international sales, we will be subject to compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and other
anti-bribery laws applicable to our operations. Although we have policies and procedures to address compliance with the FCPA and similar
laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, agents and other partners will not take actions in violations of our policies.
Any such violation could subject us to sanctions or other penalties that could negatively affect our reputation, business and operating
results. 

Our
future success depends on our key executive officers and our ability to attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel. 

Our
future success largely depends upon the continued services of our executive officers and management team, especially our Chief Executive
Officer, Ross Sklar. If one or more of our executive officers are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may
not be able to replace them readily, if at all. Additionally, we may incur additional expenses to recruit and retain new executive officers.
If any of our executive officers joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose some or all of our customers. Finally,
we do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our executive officers. Because of these factors, the loss of the
services of any of these key persons could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and thereby
an investment in our stock. 

In
addition, our continuing ability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel, especially employees with experience in branding and
marketing, will also be critical to our success because we will need to hire and retain additional personnel as our business grows. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified personnel. We face significant competition for skilled
personnel in our industries. This competition may make it more difficult and expensive to attract, hire, and retain qualified managers
and employees. Because of these factors, we may not be able to effectively manage or grow our business, which could adversely affect
our financial condition or business. As a result, the value of your investment could be significantly reduced or completely lost. 

If
the technology-based systems that give our customers the ability to shop with us online do not function effectively, our operating results
could be materially adversely affected. 

A
portion of our customers shop with us through our e-commerce websites, which currently sells certain of our Skylar and Soylent 
products. While many of our products are sold in retail stores, increasingly, customers are using tablets and smart phones to shop online,
and we do plan on increasing our product offerings on ecommerce websites in the future. Any failure on our part to provide an attractive,
effective, reliable, user-friendly e-commerce platform that offers a wide assortment of merchandise with rapid delivery options and that
continually meet the changing expectations of online shoppers could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of sales,
harm our reputation with customers, and could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

Security
breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation
to suffer. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information,
and financial and other personally identifiable information of our customers and employees. The secure processing, maintenance, and transmission
of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information technology and
infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. Any such
breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. Advanced
attacks are multi-staged, unfold over time, and utilize a range of attack vectors with military-grade cyber weapons and proven techniques,
such as spear phishing and social engineering, leaving organizations and users at high risk of being compromised. The vast majority of
data breaches, whether conducted by a cyber attacker from inside or outside of the organization, involve the misappropriation of digital
identities and user credentials. These credentials are used to gain legitimate access to sensitive systems and high-value personal and
corporate data. Many large, well-known organizations have been subject to cyber-attacks that exploited the identity vector, demonstrating
that even organizations with significant resources and security expertise have challenges securing their identities. Any such access,
disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of
personal information, regulatory penalties, a disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, or a loss of confidence in our
business, any of which could adversely affect our business, revenues, and competitive position. 

14 

Organizations
face growing regulatory and compliance requirements. 

New
and evolving regulations and compliance standards for cyber security, data protection, privacy, and internal IT controls are often created
in response to the tide of cyber-attacks and will increasingly impact organizations. Existing regulatory standards require that organizations
implement internal controls for user access to applications and data. In addition, data breaches are driving a new wave of regulation
with stricter enforcement and higher penalties. Regulatory and policy-driven obligations require expensive and time-consuming compliance
measures. The fear of non-compliance, failed audits, and material findings has pushed organizations to spend more to ensure they are
in compliance, often resulting in costly, one-off implementations to mitigate potential fines or reputational damage. Any substantial
costs associated with failing to meet regulatory requirements, combined with the risk of fallout from security breaches, could have a
material adverse effect on our business and brand. 

Acquisition
opportunities may present themselves that in hindsight did not achieve the positive results anticipated by our management. 

From
time to time, acquisition opportunities have, and may in the future, become available to us. Those opportunities may involve the acquisition
of specific assets, like intellectual property or inventory, or may involve the assumption of the business operations of another entity.
If the performance of our recent acquisitions, AOS, Skylar or Soylent, do not produce positive results, the dilution to stockholders
from the share issuances and any interest rate on debt held by such subsidiary, may prove detrimental to our financial results and the
performance of your particular shares. 

Our
goal with any future acquisition is that any acquisition should be able to contribute neutral to positive net income to the company after
integration. To effect these future acquisitions, we will likely be required to obtain lender financing or issue additional shares of
stock in exchange for the shares of the target entity. If the performance of the acquired assets or entity does not produce positive
results for the company, the terms of the acquisition, whether it is interest rate on debt, or additional dilution of stockholders, may
prove detrimental to the financial results of the company, or the performance of your particular shares. 

The
novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, or other pandemics, may have an impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, or COVID-19, was reported and spread across the globe, including the United States, and
in March 2020 was declared to be a pandemic by the World Health Organization. Efforts to contain the spread of COVID-19 intensified and
the United States, Europe and Asia implemented severe travel restrictions, social distancing and government imposed lockdowns. The impacts
of the outbreak continue to evolve. 

The
ongoing and/or indirect impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic could further affect general economic conditions, our business and results of
operations. Future developments would dictate the type and level of these potential impacts, which are highly uncertain and are difficult
to predict. 

If
a future pandemic or health epidemic was to arise, if there is a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic or if there are other lingering
effects of the pandemic, that could adversely impact our business and results of operations in a number of ways, including but not limited
to: 

A
 shutdown, disruption or less than full utilization of one or more of our manufacturers, warehousers
 or distributors facilities, or disruption in our supply chain or customer base, including
 but not limited to, as a result of illness, government restrictions or other workforce disruptions; 

15 

The
 failure of third parties on which we rely, including but not limited to those that supply
 our raw materials and other necessary operating materials, manufacturers and independent
 contractors, to meet their obligations to us, or significant disruptions in their ability
 to do so; 
 
 New
 or escalated government or regulatory responses in markets where we manufacture, sell or
 distribute our products, or in the markets of third parties on which we rely, could prevent
 or disrupt our business operations; 
 
 Significant
 reductions or volatility in demand for one or more of our products, which may be caused by,
 among other things: the temporary inability of consumers to purchase our products due to
 illness, quarantine or other travel restrictions, or financial hardship; or other pandemic
 related restrictions impacting consumer behavior; 
 
 An
 inability to respond to or capitalize on increased demand, including challenges and increased
 costs associated with adding capacity with our manufacturers; 
 
 A
 change in demand for or availability of our products as a result of retailers, distributors
 or carriers modifying their inventory, fulfillment or shipping practices; and 
 
 The
 unknown duration and magnitude of a pandemic and all of its related impacts. 

These
and other impacts of a pandemic have and could have the effect of heightening many of the other risk factors disclosed in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. The ultimate impact depends on the severity and duration of the pandemic and actions taken by governmental authorities
and other third parties in response, each of which is uncertain and difficult to predict. Any of these disruptions could adversely impact
our business and results of operations. 

We
have reported material weaknesses in internal controls in the past. 

We
have reported material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, and we cannot provide any assurances
that additional material weaknesses will not be identified in the future or that we can effectively remediate our reported weaknesses.
If our internal controls over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures are not effective, there may be errors in our
financial statements that could require a restatement, or our filings may not be timely, and investors may lose confidence in our reported
financial information. 

Section
404 of Sarbanes-Oxley requires us to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting every quarter and as
of the end of each year, and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting
in each Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer, do not expect
that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Furthermore,
the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs. Controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or
by management override of the controls. Over time, controls may become inadequate because changes in the conditions or deterioration
in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may occur. Because the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system,
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

As
a result, we cannot assure you that additional significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting will not be identified in the future or that we can effectively remediate our reported weaknesses. Any failure to maintain
or implement required new or improved controls, or any difficulties we may encounter in their implementation, could result in significant
deficiencies or material weaknesses, cause us to fail to timely meet our periodic reporting obligations, or result in material misstatements
in our consolidated financial statements. Any such failure could also adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations
regarding disclosure controls and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting required under Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley
and the rules promulgated thereunder. The existence of material weaknesses could result in errors in our consolidated financial statements
and subsequent restatements of our consolidated financial statements, cause us to fail to timely meet our reporting obligations and cause
investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. 

Item
 1B . 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments . 

Not
applicable. 

Item
 2. 
 Properties . 

Our
principal offices are located at 250 26th Street, Suite 200, Santa Monica, California, 90402. 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings . 

None. 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

16 

PART
II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities . 

Market
Information 

Our
Class A common stock is listed to trade on the OTC Markets Group OTCQB tier under the symbol STCB. Any over-the-counter
market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-downs or commissions, and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions. 

Our
Class A common stock shares are subject to Section 15(g) and Rule 15g-9 of the Securities and Exchange Act, commonly referred to as the
 penny stock rule. The rule defines penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share,
subject to certain exceptions. These rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to trade or maintain a market in our Class A common
stock and may affect the ability of stockholders to sell their shares. Broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established
customers and accredited investors must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of the security. Accredited investors,
in general, include individuals with assets in excess of 1,000,000 (not including their personal residence) or annual income exceeding
 200,000 or 300,000 together with their spouse, and certain institutional investors. The rules require the broker-dealer to receive
the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase and require the broker-dealer to deliver a risk disclosure
document relating to the penny stock prior to the first transaction. A broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both
the broker-dealer and the registered representative, and current quotations for the security. Finally, monthly statements must be sent
to customers disclosing recent price information for the penny stocks. 

On
April 17, 2023, the closing price for our Class A common stock as reported on the OTCQB was 0.12. As of such date, we had 469,468,966 shares
of Class A common stock issued and outstanding. We had no shares of Class B common stock or Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Holders 

As
of April 17, 2023, we had 309 stockholders of record, which does not include stockholders who hold shares in street
accounts of securities brokers. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid cash or stock dividends and have no present plan to pay any dividends, intending instead to reinvest our earnings, if any.
For the foreseeable future, we expect to retain any earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business and the payment of
any cash dividends on our Class A common stock is unlikely. 

Equity
Compensation Plans. 

We
currently do not have any equity compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities. 

All
sales of unregistered Class A common stock of the Company during fiscal year 2022 and through the date of this report were made in reliance
upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and are set forth below: 

Date 
 Shares of Common Stock Issuable 1 
 Cash Proceeds / Value in Kind from Shares Issuable 
 Recipient(s) of Shares 
 
 September 12, 2022 
 66,318,954 
 12,600,601 
 15 entities 18 individuals 
 
 December 29, 2022 
 96,446,442 
 19,289,300 
 15 entities 22 individuals 
 
 December 29, 2022 
 2,857,142 
 571,400 
 1 entity 
 
 February 15, 2023 
 196,525,715 
 68,784,000 
 21 entities 4 individuals 

1
 Shares calculated are initial closing + indemnification holdback + contingent shares,
 since these were accounted for in the Form D offering/Cash proceeds calculations. If the contingent shares have been deemed unlikely to occur, they have
been removed from the shares of Common Stock issuable. 

17 

On
December 9, 2021, the Company s common stock offering under Regulation A+ Reg A was qualified by the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC to raise capital for up to 56,818,181 shares at a price of 1.00 per share, for a maximum
of 56,818,181. Of that amount, 11,363,636 were qualified to be sold by selling stockholders. The Company closed on subscriptions from
its Reg A share offering as of December 31, 2022 in the amount of 151,250 shares of common stock none of which were sold by existing
shareholders. 

All
sales of unregistered warrants to purchase common stock of the Company were made in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Date 
 Warrants to Purchase Shares of Common Stock 
 Consideration 
 Exercise Price 
 Recipient(s) of Shares 
 
 September 12, 2022 
 33,150,000 
 Consulting and Marketing Services 
 0.19 
 14 individuals 
 
 November 1, 2022 
 100,000 
 Consulting Services 
 0.20 
 1 individual 
 
 November 3, 2022 
 5,000,000 
 Consulting Services 
 0.19 
 1 entity 
 
 December 29, 2022 
 285,714 
 Funding Fee for Loan Origination 
 0.01 
 1 individual 
 
 March 3, 2023 
 114,286 
 Funding Fee for Loan Origination 
 0.01 
 1 individual 

Issuer
Purchase of Securities. 

On
June 13, 2021, the Company entered into Separation Agreements
(the Separation Agreements with Sanford Lang Mr. Lang and Martin Goldrod Mr. Goldrod whereas,
effective as of June 16, 2021, Mr. Lang and Mr. Goldrod each resigned from their positions as members of the Board of Directors in exchange
for certain separation benefits (the Separation Benefits ). As consideration for the Separation Benefits, and not in addition
to same, the Company agreed to purchase an amount of the shares of the Company per month from Mr. Lang and Mr. Goldrod at a price per
share that when aggregated with all shares purchased in each month would equal monthly Separation Benefit payments of 7,950 to Mr. Lang
and monthly Separation Benefit payments of 3,000 to Mr. Goldrod (the Repurchases ). The Repurchases made during the fourth
quarter of fiscal year 2022 are set forth below. 

Period 
 Total
 Number of Shares
 Purchased 
 Average
 Price Paid
 Per Share 
 Total
 Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or
 Programs 
 Approximate
 Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans
 or Programs 
 
 10/1/2022 - 10/31/2022 
 90,955 
 0.12 
 848,039 
 219,000 
 
 11/1/2022 - 11/30/2022 
 57,889 
 0.19 
 905,928 
 208,050 
 
 12/1/2022 - 12/31/2022 
 61,192 
 0.18 
 967,120 
 197,100 

Item
 6 . 
 [Reserved]. 

18 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

The
following discussion and analysis of the consolidated results of operations and financial condition of Starco Brands, Inc. and subsidiaries
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 should be read in conjunction with our financial
statements and the notes to those financial statements that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report following Item 16 Form
10-K Summary ). References in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
to us, we, our, and similar terms refer to Starco Brands, Inc. This Annual Report contains
forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the federal securities laws. The events described in forward-looking statements
contained in this Annual Report may not occur. Generally these statements relate to business plans or strategies, projected or anticipated
benefits or other consequences of our plans or strategies, projected or anticipated benefits from acquisitions that may be made by us,
or projections involving anticipated revenues, earnings or other aspects of our operating results. The words may, will, 
 expect, believe, anticipate, project, plan, intend, 
 estimate, and continue, and their opposites and similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. We caution you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are subject to a number of uncertainties,
risks and other influences, many of which are beyond our control, which may influence the accuracy of the statements and the projections
upon which the statements are based. Factors that could cause our actual results of operations and financial condition to differ materially
are set forth in Item 1A, Risk Factors section of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

We
caution that these factors could cause our actual results of operations and financial condition to differ materially from those expressed
in any forward-looking statements we make and that investors should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements.
Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and we undertake no obligation to
update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect
the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible
for us to predict all of such factors. Further, we cannot assess the impact of each such factor on our results of operations or the extent
to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements. 

Business
Overview 

Starco
Brands, Inc. (formerly Insynergy Products, Inc.), which we refer to as the Company, our Company, STCB, 
 we, us or our, was incorporated in the State of Nevada on January 26, 2010 under the name Insynergy,
Inc. On September 7, 2017, the Company filed an Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to change the corporate name to Starco Brands,
Inc. The Board determined the change of the Company s name was in the best interests of the Company due to changes in our current
and anticipated business operations at that time. In July 2017, the Company entered into a licensing agreement with The Starco Group TSG ), located in Los Angeles, California. TSG is a private label and branded aerosol and liquid fill manufacturer with
manufacturing assets in the following verticals: DIY/Hardware, paints, coatings and adhesives, household, hair care, disinfectants, automotive,
motorcycle, arts crafts, personal care cosmetics, personal care FDA, sun care, food, cooking oils, beverages, and spirits and wine.
Upon entering into the licensing agreement with TSG, the Company pivoted to commercializing novel consumer products manufactured by TSG. 

In
2022, the Company embarked on a strategy to grow its consumer product line offerings through the acquisition of multiple subsidiaries
with established behavior changing products and brands. With an increased product line and its existing partner relationships, the Company
is expanding its verticals and consumer base. 

Executive
Overview 

In
July 2017, our Board of Directors entered into a licensing agreement with TSG to pursue a new strategic marketing plan involving commercializing
leading edge products with the intent to sell them through brick and mortar and online retailers. We are a company whose mission is to
create behavior-changing products and brands. Our core competency is inventing brands, marketing, building trends, pushing awareness
and social marketing. The licensing agreement with TSG provided STCB with certain products on an exclusive and royalty-free basis and
other products on a non-exclusive and royalty basis, in the categories of food, household cleaning, air care, spirits and personal care. 

The
current CEO and owner of TSG, Ross Sklar, was named the CEO of STCB in August of 2017. Mr. Sklar has spent his career commercializing
technology in industrial and consumer markets. Mr. Sklar has built teams of manufacturing personnel, research and development, and sales
and marketing professionals over the last 20 years and has grown TSG into a successful and diversified manufacturer supplying a wide
range of products to some of the largest retailers in the United States. As the Company continues to grow the number of products and
brands under the STCB umbrella, it will continue to leverage its relationship with TSG to streamline its product manufacturing. 

19 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Revenues 

7,812,728 

673,329 

7,139,399 

Cost of goods sold 

776,127 

- 

776,127 

Gross profit 

7,036,601 

673,329 

6,363,272 

Operating expenses: 

Compensation expense 

1,175,267 

285,837 

889,430 

Professional fees 

1,822,927 

460,363 

1,362,564 

Marketing, General and administrative 

2,756,808 

1,159,520 

1,597,288 

Marketing, related party 

131,614 

1,058,210 

(926,596) 
 
 Total operating expense 

5,886,616 

2,963,930 

2,922,686 

Income (loss) from operations 

1,149,985 

(2,290,601) 

Other expense: 

Interest expense 

68,721 

30,973 

37,748 

Other expense 

103,406 

3,500 

99,906 

Total other expense 

172,127 

34,473 

137,654 

Income (loss) before provisions for income taxes 

977,858 

(2,325,074) 

3,302,932 

Provision for income taxes 

- 

- 

- 

Net income (loss) 

977,858 

(2,325,074) 

3,302,932 

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 

167,891 

(73,909) 

241,800 

Net income (loss) attributable to Starco Brands 

809,967 

(2,251,165) 

3,061,132 

Revenues 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded revenues of 7,812,728 compared to 673,329 for the year ended December 31, 2021,
an increase of 7,139,299 or 1,060 . Royalty revenue represented 87 and 100 , or 6.8 million
and 0.7 million, respectively, of all revenues with the remaining 1.0 million and 0 of revenue generated from product sales
coming from our wholly owned subsidiary, AOS. This increase in the current period was largely due
to growth in royalties from sales of Whipshots augmented by sales of AOS products from the date of its acquisition and partially
offset by declines in sales of Breathe sanitizer and cleaning products during the period, which was not marketed during the same period
last year, which consisted mainly of sales of breath cleansing products. The royalty rate that the Company paid varies on a per product
basis of wholesale sales of our branded and non-corporate owned licensed products. Revenues are from our marketing licensing agreements
with TSG and other affiliated companies for various products mentioned above. The increase in the current period is primarily due to
initial volume sales of our Whipshots , partially offset by declines in sales of Breathe cleaning and sanitizer products. 

Operating
Expenses 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, compensation expense increased 889,430, or 311 to 1,175,267 compared to 285,837 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The increase is a result of increases in spending on independent contractors and contributed services to support the
launch and growth of Whipshots . 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 1,822,927 in professional fees compared to 460,363 in the prior period, an increase
of 1,362,564, or 296 . Professional fees are mainly for accounting, auditing and legal services associated with our quarterly filings
as a public company and advisory and valuation services. Professional fees are mainly for accounting, auditing and legal services associated
with the acquisition of AOS, our merger activity, and our quarterly filings as a public company, and advisory and valuation services.
The increase in 2022 is primarily due to an increase in banking, acquisition legal, and audit fees related to the acquisitions of AOS
and Skylar, and to a lesser extent, corporate legal and audit fees. 

20 

For the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company incurred 2,756,808 in marketing, general and administrative expense as compared to 1,159,520 for the year ended
December 31, 2021, an increase of 1,598,288, or 138 . The increase can be attributed to an increase in spending on marketing, including
initial license payments related to the promotional launch for Whipshots . Additionally, the increase in spending can be attributed
to an increase in stock-based compensation related to the warrants issued during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 131,614 in Marketing, related party expenses as compared to 1,058,210 for the
year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 926,596. The decrease for the period can be attributed to our no longer classifying marketing
expense from a third-party firm as related party once our EVP of marketing joined the Company full time in February 2022 and ceased being
affiliated with the third-party firm. 

Other
Income and Expense 

For the year ended December 31,
2022, we had total other expense of 172,127 compared to other income of 34,473 for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company had interest expense of 68,721 and merger related and other expenses of 103,406. For the year
ended December 31, 2021, the Company had interest expense of 30,973 and a non-cash loss on assets of 3,500, without any offset
from subleasing income or gains on extinguishment of debt. 

Net
Income (Loss) 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company recorded a net income of 977,858 as compared to net loss of 2,325,074 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The change from a net loss to net income is primarily the result of the increase in our royalty revenues partially offset by
increased marketing and general expenses. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As reflected in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit of 17,578,219 at December 31, 2022. We received net cash of
 2,223,392 from financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, due primarily to 2,472,500 of loan advances from Ross Sklar,
our CEO and 151,250 of equity investments from unaffiliated parties, less share repurchases of 131,400 and other repayment activity.
This compared to net cash received from financing activities of 1,518,421, primarily from related party advances of 1,447,272 and 600,000
of equity investments from unaffiliated parties for the year ended December 31, 2021. A majority of our financing activity consisted of
payments to and from related parties. 

Our net cash provided by operating
activities was 377,777 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Operating expenses for 2022 totaling 5,886,616 include items such as marketing
and administrative costs, consultant compensation, insurance, legal and other professional fees, compliance and website maintenance. 

On
January 24, 2020, STCB executed a promissory note for 100,000 with Ross Sklar, CEO. The note bears interest at 4 per annum, compounds
monthly, is unsecured, and matures two years from the original date of issuance. This loan was subsequently amended to mature on July
19, 2023. On June 28, 2021, STCB executed an additional promissory note with Ross Sklar in the principal amount of 100,000 with the
same terms as the January 24, 2020 note and a maturity date of June 28, 2023. On September 17, 2021, STCB executed a third promissory
note with Ross Sklar in the principal amount of 500,000 with the same terms as the prior notes and a maturity date of September 17,
2023. On December 13, 2021, STCB executed a fourth promissory note with Ross Sklar in the principal amount of 500,000 with the same
terms as the prior notes and a maturity date of December 12, 2023. As of December 31, 2021, there was 1,200,000 of principal and 8,626
of accrued interest due on these notes. On February 14, 2022, STCB executed a fifth promissory note with Ross Sklar in the principal
amount of 472,500 with the same terms as the prior notes and a maturity date of February 14, 2024. This note is also convertible into
the Company s common stock at the lender s option and a conversion price of 0.29 per share. On December 29, 2022, STCB executed
a sixth promissory note with Ross Sklar in the principal amount of 2,000,000. This note bears interest at Prime + 4 per annum, compounds
monthly, is secured, matures on August 1, 2023, and included warrants to purchase 285,714 shares of the Company s common stock
at a price of 0.01 per share. 

21 

Going
Concern 

The audited consolidated
financial statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates
the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated
deficit of approximately 17.6 million at December 31, 2022 including the impact of its net income of approximately 1.0
million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s ability to continue with this trend is unknown. The Company s ability to raise additional capital
through the future issuances of common stock and/or debt financing is unknown. On December 29, 2022, the Company issued Ross Sklar,
CEO, a related party, a 2,000,000 note payable due August 1, 2023 (see Note 7), in exchange for funds of 2 million which were used
as consideration to consummate the Skylar Acquisition. The obtainment of additional financing and the successful development of the
Company s contemplated plan of operations, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to
continue operations. These conditions and the ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements of the Company do not include any
adjustments that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. 

Working
Capital Surplus 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Current assets 

7,971,639 

1,245,942 

Current liabilities 

7,690,876 

2,811,233 

Working capital surplus (deficiency) 

280,763 

(1,565,291) 

The increase in current assets
is primarily due to the increase in cash on hand of 1,141,508, as well as an increase in accounts receivable of 2,381,466 and an increase
in inventory of 3,033,653. In 2021, the Company had no inventory. The increase in current liabilities is primarily a result of the increase
in accounts payable of 2,652,908 and an increase in notes payable to related party of 3,055,713. 

Cash
Flows 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

377,777 

(1,837,240) 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

(1,459,661) 

(115,640) 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

2,223,392 

1,518,421 

Increase (decrease) in cash 

1,141,508 

(434,459) 

22 

Operating
Activities 

Net cash provided by operating activities
was 377,777 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was primarily due to an increase of accounts receivable of 1,932,956, which was partially offset
by an increase of other payables and accrued liabilities of 772,074 and a decrease of prepaid expenses and other assets of 700,061. 

Net cash used in operating activities
was 1,837,240 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and was primarily due to the net loss of 2,325,074. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities
was 1,459,661 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was primarily due to cash paid in acquisition of business, net of 1,459,661. 

Net cash used in investing activities
was 115,640 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and was primarily due to the purchase of intangibles of 20,000 and payments on note
receivable from related party of 95,640. 

Financing Activities 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 2,223,392, which includes 2,472,500 from advances from related parties and
 150,494 from the proceeds of common stock. 

For the year ended December 31,
2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 1,518,421, which includes 1,447,272 from advances from related parties and 600,000
from the proceeds of common stock. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources and would be considered material
to investors. 

Effects
of Inflation 

Inflationary
factors such as increases in the costs to acquire goods and overhead costs may adversely affect our operating results. Although we do
not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, a high rate of inflation
in the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin and selling, general and administrative
expenses as a percentage of revenues if the selling prices of our services do not increase with these increased costs. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in conformity with US GAAP. The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements
requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs, expense and related
disclosures. These estimates and assumptions are often based on historical experience and judgements that we believe to be reasonable
under the circumstances at the time made. However, all such estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and
actual results may differ. It is possible that other professionals, applying their own judgement to the same facts and circumstances,
could develop and support alternative estimates and assumptions that could result in material changes to our operating results and financial
condition. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. 

We
consider our critical accounting estimates to include the assumptions and estimates associated with timing for revenue recognition, testing
goodwill for impairment, recoverability of long-lived assets, income taxes, fair value of contributed services, and assumptions used
in the Black-Scholes valuation methods, such as expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and expected dividend rate. Our significant
accounting policies are more fully described in the notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. We believe that the following accounting
policies and estimates are critical to our business operations and understanding our financial results. 

Acquisition
Accounting 

We
account for acquisitions in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to ASC 805, Business Combinations . Accordingly,
for each acquisition, we record the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date, and recognize
the excess of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired as goodwill. For each acquisition, the fair value
of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is determined based on assumptions that reasonable market participants would use to value
the assets in the principal (or most advantageous) market. 

23 

In
determining the fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed in connection with acquisitions, management engages third-party
valuation experts. Management is responsible for these internal and third-party valuations and appraisals. 

Revenue
Recognition 

STCB
and its subsidiaries currently earn a majority of their revenue as royalties from the licensing agreements it has with TSG, a related
entity, and other related parties. STCB licenses the right for TSG to manufacture and sell certain Starco Brands products. The amount
of the licensing revenue received varies depending upon the product and the royalty percentage is determined beforehand in each agreement.
The Company recognizes its revenue under these licensing agreements only when sales are made by TSG or other related parties to a third
party. 

AOS,
one of STCB s wholly owned subsidiaries, earns its revenues through the sale of premium body and skincare products. Revenue from
retail sales is recognized at shipment to the retailer. Revenue from eCommerce sales, including Amazon Fulfillment by Amazon Amazon
FBA ), is recognized upon shipment of merchandise. 

Skylar,
one of STCB s wholly owned subsidiaries, earns its revenues through the sale of fragrances. Revenue from retail sales is recognized
at shipment to the retailer. Revenue from eCommerce sales, including Amazon Fulfillment by Amazon Amazon FBA ), is recognized
upon shipment of merchandise. 

The
Company applies the following five-step model in order to determine this amount: (i) identification of the promised goods in the contract;
(ii) determination of whether the promised goods are performance obligations, including whether they are distinct in the context of the
contract; (iii) measurement of the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; (iv) allocation of the transaction
price to the performance obligations; and (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 

The
Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration it is entitled
to in exchange for the licensee transferring goods or services to the customer. Once a contract is determined to be within the scope
of ASC 606 at contract inception, the Company reviews the contract to determine which performance obligations the Company s licensee
must deliver and which of these performance obligations are distinct. The Company recognizes as revenues the amount of the transaction
price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when the performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied.
Generally, the Company s licensee s performance obligations are transferred to customers at a point in time, typically upon
delivery. 

Goodwill
Impairment 

Goodwill
as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of
the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. While we use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately value assets acquired
and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. 

We
review goodwill for impairment at least annually or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. Our goodwill impairment test may
require the use of qualitative judgements and fair-value techniques, which are inherently subjective. Impairment loss, if any, is recorded
when the fair value of goodwill is less than its carrying value for each reporting unit. 

No
impairment losses related to goodwill were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

24 

Recoverability
of Long-Lived Assets 

We
review intangible assets, property, equipment and software with finite lives for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison
of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to future undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected to generate.
If assets are determined to be impaired, the impairment loss to be recognized equals the amount by which the carrying value of the asset
or group of assets exceeds its fair value. Significant estimates include but are not limited to future expected cash flows, replacement
cost and discount rates. There were no impairment losses related to long-lived assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company follows Section 740-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and
liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax
returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the differences between the financial statement and tax
bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the fiscal year in which the differences are expected to reverse.
Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets
will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in
the fiscal years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the Statements of Income in the period that includes the enactment date. 

The
Company adopted section 740-10-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Section 740-10-25 with regards to uncertainty
income taxes. Section 740-10-25 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return
should be recorded in the consolidated financial statements. Under Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from
an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities,
based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position
should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate
settlement. Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting
in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income
tax benefits according to the provisions of Section 740-10-25. 

Contributed
Services 

The
Company uses contributed services from related parties on an as needed basis for a portion of Company operations. Depending on the
amount of time related parties spend working on STCB, the Company allocates a percentage of the related parties salaries to
be accounted for as contributed services expense. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

The
Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect. These pronouncements did not have any material impact on
the consolidated financial statements unless otherwise disclosed, and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting
pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . 

Not
applicable. 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data . 

The
financial statements required by this Item 8 of this Annual Report are included in this Annual Report following Item 16 Form
10-K Summary ). As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide supplementary financial information. 

25 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 

Changes
in Registrant s Certifying Accountant 

On
March 8, 2022, our Board of Directors received formal notice that our independent auditors, Haynie Company Haynie ),
had made the decision to resign as our independent accountants effective March 8, 2022. On March 11, 2022, the Board of Directors voted
unanimously to accept the resignation. 

Haynie
audited the financial statements of the Company for the two years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The report of Haynie
on such financial statements, dated April 15, 2021, did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and was not qualified
or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles. 

For
the two fiscal years and subsequent interim periods though the date of Haynie s resignation, there had been no disagreements with
the former accountants on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure,
which disagreement, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Haynie, would have caused them to make reference thereto in their report on
the financial statements. 

During
the two fiscal years and the interim period to the date of Haynie s resignation, there had been no reportable events, as that term
is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-B. 

During
the Company s fiscal year 2020 and 2021, and since then, Haynie has not advised the Company that any of the following exist or
are applicable: 

(1) 
 That
 the internal controls necessary for the Company to develop reliable financial statements do not exist, that information has come
 to their attention that has led them to no longer be able to rely on management s representations, or that has made them unwilling
 to be associated with the financial statements prepared by management. 

(2) 
 That
 the Company needs to expand significantly the scope of its audit, or that information has come to their attention that if further
 investigated may materially impact the fairness or reliability of a previously issued audit report or the underlying financial statements
 or any other financial presentation, or cause them to be unwilling to rely on management s representations or be associated
 with the Company s financial statements for the foregoing reasons or any other reason, or 

(3) 
 That
 they have advised the Company that information has come to their attention that they have concluded materially impacts the fairness
 or reliability of either a previously issued audit report or the underlying financial statements for the foregoing reasons or any
 other reason. 

We
have provided Haynie a copy of the disclosure made in response to Item 4.01 on our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on
March 15, 2022 and requested that Haynie provide a letter addressed to the Securities Exchange Commission confirming their agreement
with the disclosure contained herein. Pursuant to our request, Haynie provided the letter which is attached as Exhibit 16.1 thereto. 

New
Independent Accountants 

On
March 11, 2020, Macias Gini O Connell LLP MGO ), Certified Public Accountants of Irvine, California, were appointed
by the Company to audit our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the two fiscal years and the subsequent
interim periods preceding their appointment as independent accountants, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf consulted MGO regarding
(1) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that
might be rendered on the Company s consolidated financial statements, and MGO did not provide either a written report or oral advice
to the Company that was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing, or financial
reporting issue, (2) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement with Haynie on accounting principles or practices, financial
statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedures, which, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Haynie, would have caused Haynie
to make reference to the matter in their report, or a reportable event as described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation
S-K of the SEC s rules and regulations. 

26 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures . 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing disclosure controls and procedures,
our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls
and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
we are required to perform an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the
Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022. 

Management
has completed such evaluation and has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable
assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosures. As a result of the material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting described
below, we concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 were not effective. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by our
Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Material
Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework established
in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Based on this assessment, management has determined that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was not
effective. 

A
material weakness, as defined in the standards established by the Sarbanes-Oxley is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in
internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim
consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

The
ineffectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses, which we had previously
reported as of December 31, 2021, and which have not yet been remediated: 

Lack
 of an audit committee 
 
 Lack
 of corporate documentation 
 
 Fulfillment
 of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer roles by the same person 

27 

Management s
Plan to Remediate the Material Weaknesses 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Management has been implementing and continues to implement measures designed to ensure that control
deficiencies contributing to the material weakness are remediated, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating
effectively. The remediation actions include: 

The
 full time Controller hired in 2022 will expand on controls implemented around segregation
 of duties for cash transactions and continue to strengthen corporate documentation and controls,
 and the overall financial reporting process, 
 
 Formal
 appointment of a Chief Financial Officer in the first half of 2023, who will be overseeing
 the financial reporting process and implementation of enhanced controls and governance, 
 
 Engagement
 of separate external financial consulting firms to continue to enhance financial reporting,
 financial operations, internal controls/ segregation of duties; as well as improve tax analysis
 and reporting, 
 
 Management
 plans to begin a search in 2023 to expand the Board of Directors to include a member qualified
 to sit on an Audit Committee. 

Management
will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures over financial reporting on an ongoing
basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that exempt smaller reporting companies from this requirement. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Other
than described above there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fourth quarter
of 2022 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information . 

None. 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosures
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections . 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of our current directors and named executive officers. Our bylaws require that the total
number of directors constituting our Board of Directors shall be not less than one (1) nor more than seven (7), to serve until the earlier
occurrence of the election of his or her successor at the next meeting of stockholders, death, resignation or removal by the Board of
Directors. Our executive officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and serve at its discretion. There are no family relationships
among our directors, executive officers, or director nominees. 

28 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Term
 of Director/Officer 
 
 Ross
 Sklar 
 
 47 
 
 President,
 CEO, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chairman of the Board and Director 
 
 August
 2015 until next annual meeting 
 
 Darin
 Brown 
 
 46 
 
 Executive
 Vice President, Director 
 
 June
 2020 until next annual meeting 
 
 Demir
 Vangelov 
 
 49 
 
 Director 
 
 February
 2022 until next annual meeting 
 
 David
 Dreyer 
 
 49 
 
 Executive
 Vice President of Marketing 
 
 June
 2020 until next appointment of officers by the Board of Directors 

Ross
Sklar was appointed to fill a vacancy on our Board on August 13, 2015. Mr. Sklar is the founder and current Chief Executive Officer of
The Starco Group, located in Los Angeles, California. On August 9, 2017, Mr. Sklar was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer
of Starco Brands. He started The Starco Group in January 2010. The Starco Group is a diversified aerosol and liquid fill producer of
private label and branded industrial and consumer products that manufactures for almost every consumer category. For over 15 years Mr.
Sklar has developed technology in industrial and consumer markets. He holds a Bachelor s degree in Political Science from the University
of Manitoba. 

Darin
Brown joined the Company as a Director on June 4, 2020, and was appointed as its Executive Vice President in July 2020. Mr. Brown has
over 20 years of experience in chemical operations and consumer package goods distribution experience. He also currently serves as Executive
Vice President of Operations for The Starco Group, which is a position he has held since February 2012. Mr. Brown has exceptional leadership
experience, having overseen teams of over 200 people during his time at The Starco Group. 

Demir
Vangelov joined the Company as a Director on February 15, 2022 in connection with the Soylent Acquisition. Mr. Vangelov has
15 years of experience in the food industry. He was a member of the board of directors and the Chief Executive Officer of Soylent Nutrition,
Inc., a privately held, plant-based food company. Mr. Vangelov joined Soylent as its Chief Financial Officer in June 2018 and was promoted
to Chief Executive Officer in February 2020, when he was also appointed to Soylent s board. Soylent was acquired by Starco Brands,
Inc. in February 2023. 

David
Dreyer joined the Company as an Executive Vice President of Marketing on June 4, 2020 and was promoted to Chief Marketing Officer in
February 2022. Dreyer brings over twenty years of experience working with Blue Chip Brands to the team at Starco Brands. Upon receiving
his MS in Integrated Marketing from Northwestern University, Dreyer started his career with Honda and internet pioneer Stamps.com. Dreyer
then migrated over to the agency side of the business, working for industry standouts Deutsch, TBWA/Chiat/Day, The Woo and Media Arts
Lab. His roster of brands that he has worked with also speaks for itself, as Dreyer feels privileged to have worked with brands such
as Apple, Pepsi, Pizza Hut, Dr. Pepper, Snapple, Infinity, The GRAMMY s, Jimmy Dean and TOMS. In his spare time, Dreyer is a Professor
of Advertising at USC s Annenberg School for Communication, where he loves introducing students to the world of advertising and
helping them find their footing in the industry. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our officer nor directors, promoters or control persons have been involved in the past ten years in any of the following: 

(1) 
 Any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the
 time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 
 
 (2) 
 Any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 
 
 (3) 
 Being
 subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, or any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities; or 
 
 (4) 
 Being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have
 violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

29 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than ten percent of
our common stock, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock. Officers, directors
and ten-percent or greater beneficial owners are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they
file. Based upon a review of those forms and representations regarding the need for filing for the year ended December 31, 2022, we believe
all necessary forms have been filed. 

Corporate
Governance 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee for directors, nor do we have an audit committee with an audit committee financial expert
serving on that committee. Our entire Board of Directors, act as our nominating and audit committee. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has not yet adopted a code of ethics as until recently it had an inconsequential number of employees at the parent and subsidiary
levels. We intend to adopt a code of ethics in the future. 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation . 

The
following table provides information as to cash compensation of all executive officers of the Company, for each of the Company s
last two fiscal years. 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and principal position 
 Year 
 Salary ) (1) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Ross Sklar, 
 2022 
 10,000 
 1,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 11,000 
 
 CEO, Interim CFO and Director 
 2021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Darin Brown, 
 2022 
 93,500 
 1,000 
 0 
 0 
 491,742 
 0 
 0 
 586,242 
 
 VP, Director 
 2021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Demir Vangelov, Director 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 David Dreyer, 
 2022 
 262,500 
 1,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 263,500 
 
 VP 
 2021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

(1) The compensation reported in 2022 under
Salary was payable to the officers under consulting compensation as 1099-NEC wages. 

Employment
Agreements 

STCB
has no formal employment agreements in place at this time. 

Director
Compensation 

The
Company does not have any arrangement for compensation of our directors for any services provided as director, including services for
committee participation or for special assignments. 

30 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 

Securities
Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
Company does not have any securities authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans approved by our stockholders and any
equity compensation plans not approved by our stockholders as of December 31, 2022. 

Beneficial
Ownership 

The
following table lists the beneficial ownership of our outstanding Class A common stock by our management and each person or group known
to us to own beneficially more than 5 of our voting common stock. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of
the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Based on these rules, two or more persons may be
deemed to be the beneficial owners of the same securities. Except as indicated by footnote, the persons named in the table below have
sole voting power and investment power with respect to the shares of Class A common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. The percentage
of beneficial ownership is based on 469,312,080 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 17, 2023. 

Title of Class 
 Name
 of Beneficial
 Owner 
 Amount
 of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Class A common Stock 
 Ross Sklar 
 93,723,446 
 20.0 
 
 Class A common Stock 
 David Dreyer 
 4,000,000 
 0.9 
 
 Class A common Stock 
 Darin Brown 
 2,000,000 
 0.4 
 
 Class A common Stock 
 Demir Vangelov 
 12,617,857 (1) 
 2.7 
 
 Class A common Stock 
 GV 2016 GP, L.L.C. 
 57,535,013 (2) 
 12.3 
 
 Class A common Stock 
 Andreessen Horowitz Fund IV, L.P. 
 46,278,004 (3) 
 9.9 
 
 Class A common Stock 
 The Production Board, LLC 
 35,671,708 (4) 
 7.6 
 
 Class A common Stock 
 Lightspeed Venture Partners XI, L.P. 
 30,979,630 (5) 
 6.6 
 
 Class A common Stock 
 Upfront VI, L.P. 
 23,594,338 (6) 
 5.0 

Directors and executive officers as a group (4 persons) 
 112,341,303 
 5.0 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Vangelov holds theses shares indirectly through Hamilton Start, LLC. Mr. Vangelov s shares are subject to that certain Voting
 Agreement, by and among Starco Brands, Inc., Ross Sklar, and the stockholders of the Company listed on Schedule A thereto, dated
 February 15, 2023. 
 
 (2) 
 GV
 2016 GP, L.L.C. holds theses shares indirectly through GV 2016, L.P. Hamilton Start, LLC. GV 2016 GP, L.L.C s shares are subject
 to that certain Voting Agreement, by and among Starco Brands, Inc., Ross Sklar, and the stockholders of the Company listed on Schedule
 A thereto, dated February 15, 2023. 
 
 (3) 
 Andreessen
 Horowitz Fund IV, L.P. s shares are subject to that certain Voting Agreement, by and among Starco Brands, Inc., Ross Sklar,
 and the stockholders of the Company listed on Schedule A thereto, dated February 15, 2023 
 
 (4) 
 The Production Board, LLC s shares are subject to that certain Voting
Agreement, by and among Starco Brands, Inc., Ross Sklar, and the stockholders of the Company listed on Schedule A thereto, dated February
15, 2023. 
 
 (5) 
 Lightspeed Venture Partners XI, L.P. s shares are subject to that
certain Voting Agreement, by and among Starco Brands, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and the stockholders listed on Schedule A thereto, dated
September 12, 2022. 
 
 (6) 
 Upfront VI, L.P. s shares are subject to that
 certain Voting Agreement, by and among Starco Brands, Inc. and the stockholders listed on Schedule A thereto, dated December 29, 2022. 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 

Related
Party Transactions 

The
following information summarizes transactions we have either engaged in for the past two fiscal years or propose to engage in, involving
our executive officers, directors, more than 5 stockholders, or immediate family members of these persons. These transactions were negotiated
between related parties without arm s length bargaining and, as a result, the terms of these
transactions may be different than transactions negotiated between unrelated persons. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2017, Sanford Lang, STCB s former Chairman and CEO, advanced STCB 289,821 to pay for general operating
expenses. The advance required a monthly interest payment of 2,545 and was due on demand. In June 2021, Sanford Lang and Martin Goldrod
(former directors and executive officers of STCB) executed agreements with STCB whereby the advance from Mr. Lang and all other amounts
owed to each were repaid and both Mr. Lang and Mr. Goldrod resigned from the Board of Directors. Further, for a period of 36 months beginning
in July 2021, STCB will repurchase an aggregate of 10,950 of shares each month from Mr. Lang and Mr. Goldrod, with the share price for
each purchase to be set according to the volume weighted average price of trades in the stock over the last 10 days of the month. As of
December 31, 2022 STCB has repurchased an aggregate of 197,100 to Mr. Lang and Mr. Goldrod per the agreements and effected the corresponding
share transfers. 

31 

As
of December 31, 2021, STCB owed TSG 72,843 for expenses paid by TSG on behalf of STCB for expenses to launch licensed brands.
This obligation was satisfied in 2022 such that there is no further obligation for this matter. In addition, in 2022 STCB satisfied
additional obligations to TSG and its subsidiaries totaling 203,539 for expenses paid on behalf of STCB or funds advanced to the
Company to pay for other operating expenses. TSG is owned by Ross Sklar, CEO. The Company did not incur any expenses paid by
TSG on behalf of STCB during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
January 24, 2020, STCB executed a promissory note January 24, 2020 ), for 100,000 with Ross Sklar, CEO. The January 24,
2020 Note bore interest at 4 per annum, compounded monthly, was unsecured, and matured two years from the original date of issuance.
On July 19, 2022, the Company and Mr. Sklar, agreed to amend and restate the January 24, 2020 Note. Mr. Sklar agreed to extend the term
of the January 24, 2020 Note through the entry into a First Amended and Restated Promissory Note (the Amended Note in
exchange for the Company paying the accrued and unpaid interest under the January 24, 2020 Note, including during the period following
maturity date of the January 24, 2020 Note (January 24, 2022 through July 19, 2022). In exchange for extending the term, Mr. Sklar waived
the default interest rate of ten percent (10 and agreed to interest accrual at the standard four percent (4 rate during the period
following maturity. The Amended Note carries a guaranteed 4 interest rate, matures on July 19, 2024, and has a 10 interest rate on
a default of repayment at maturity. The Company, at its option, may prepay the Amended Note, in whole or in part, without prepayment
penalty of any kind, and the obligations under the Amended Note will accelerate in full upon an Event of Default (as defined in the Amended
Note). 

On
June 28, 2021, STCB executed an additional promissory note June 28, 2021 Note ), with Mr. Sklar in the principal
amount of 100,000 with the same terms as the January 24, 2020 Note and a maturity date of June 28, 2023. On September 17, 2021,
STCB executed a third promissory note September 17, 2021 Note ), with Mr. Sklar in the principal amount of 500,000
with the same terms as the January 24, 2020 Note and a maturity date of September 17, 2023. On December 13, 2021, STCB executed a
fourth promissory note December 13, 2021 Note ), with Mr. Sklar in the principal amount of 500,000 with the same
terms as the January 24, 2020 Note and a maturity date of December 12, 2023. 

On
February 14, 2022, STCB executed a fifth promissory note February 14, 2022 Note ), in favor of Mr. Sklar, in the principal
sum of 472,500, in exchange for a cash advance in the amount of 300,000 and payment of Company costs in the amount of 172,500. As
with the January 24, 2020 note between the Company and our CEO, the February 14, 2022 Note bears interest at 4 per annum, is unsecured,
and matures two years from the original date of issuance. This note may also convert into shares of Company Class A common stock at the
10-day volume weighted average trading price of the Company Class A common stock for the 10-day period prior to the issuance of the Note,
which was calculated as 0.29 per share. 

On
December 29, 2022 STCB entered into a financing transaction with Mr. Sklar consisting of a secured promissory note (the December
29, 2022 Note ), warrants (the December 29, 2022 Warrants to purchase common stock of the Company (the Common
Stock ), and a security agreement (the December 29, 2022 Security Agreement to secure the obligations under the
December 29, 2022 Note (the foregoing agreements and transactions contemplated thereby, collectively, the Financing ). The
entry into the Financing was approved by the disinterested directors of the Company and was entered into to provide the Company with
short-term liquidity to fund non-ordinary course business transactions and acquisitions. 

The
December 29, 2022 Note executed by STCB had a the principal sum of 2,000,000, and carries a floating interest rate comprised of the
Wall Street Journal Prime Rate (re-assessed on the first day of each month) plus 4 (for a then current floating interest rate of 11.5 ).
The December 29, 2022 Note matures on August 1, 2023 and has a default interest rate equal to the then current interest rate plus 5 .
The Company, at its option, may prepay the December 29, 2022 Note, in whole or in part, without prepayment penalty of any kind. In connection
with the December 29, 2022 Note, the Company entered into the December 29, 2022 Security Agreement to secure the December 29, 2022 Note
obligations and issued the December 29, 2022 Warrants as a funding fee to obtain the loaned funds. 

32 

The
December 29, 2022 Security Agreement, by and between the Company and Sklar to provide security interests to Sklar to secure the obligations
underlying the December 29, 2022 Note. A security interest in the Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement) has been granted
to Mr. Sklar to secure the repayment of all principal, interest, costs, expenses and other amounts now or hereafter due under the December
29, 2022 Note by the maturity date. Mr. Sklar is authorized to file financing statements to perfect the security interest in the Collateral
without authentication by the Company. 

The
December 29, 2022 Warrants, consist of warrants to purchase 285,714 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share. The
number of shares of common stock for which the December 29, 2022 Warrants are exercisable and the exercise price may be adjusted upon
any event involving subdivisions, combinations, distributions, recapitalizations and like transactions. Pursuant to the December 29,
2022 Warrant, the warrant and the right to purchase securities upon the exercise of the December 29, 2022 Warrant will terminate on December
29, 2027. The December 29, 2022 Warrants are fully vested as of the date of grant and may be exercised through cash or cashless exercise. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was 3,672,500 of principal and 6,960 of accrued interest due on these notes, respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 131,614 of marketing expense from The Woo while David Dryer, the EVP of
Marketing, was also Managing Director at The Woo. Mr. Dreyer left the Woo in February 2022 . 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized revenue of 7,812,728 and 673,329, respectively. There were 2,107,015
of accounts receivable and accrued accounts receivable from TSG and Temperance as of December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company advanced 95,640 to Temperance as a note and related to its initial production of Whipshots.
The note carries no interest and is payable on demand. 

Voting
Agreements 

On
September 12, 2022, in connection with the closing of the AOS Acquisition, the Company entered into a Voting Agreement (the AOS
Voting Agreement with certain stockholders. The AOS Voting Agreement generally requires that the stockholders subject to the
AOS Voting Agreement vote or cause to be voted their shares of Class A common stock, and execute and deliver written consents and otherwise
exercise all voting rights with respect to their shares of Class A common stock in the same manner as Mr. Sklar votes or gives his consent,
provided that such manner does not adversely affect such stockholder in a manner different from the effect on other holders of Class
A common stock. In addition, in connection with the AOS Voting Agreement, the stockholders delivered irrevocable proxies to Mr. Sklar.
The AOS Voting Agreement terminates (a) automatically upon the listing of the Company s Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Stock
Market or New York Stock Exchange, (b) with the written consent of each of the parties signatories thereto, (c) automatically in the
event that Mr. Sklar owns less than 30 of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company and is no longer the Company s
chief executive officer, or (d) automatically in the event the Company voluntarily commences any bankruptcy or similar proceedings or
has commenced against it any bankruptcy or similar proceedings that are not dismissed within 60 days of such commencement. 

On
November 7, 2022, STCB entered into a Voting Agreement with Sanford Lang (a former director of STCB), pursuant to which, among other
things, Mr. Lang would vote his shares in the same manner as Mr. Sklar votes or gives his consent, provided that such manner does not
adversely affect such stockholder in a manner different from the effect on other holders of Class A common stock. On that same date,
STCB entered into a Voting Agreement with Martin Goldrod (a former director of STCB), pursuant to which, among other things, Mr. Goldrod
would vote his shares in the same manner as Mr. Sklar votes or gives his consent, provided that such manner does not adversely affect
such stockholder in a manner different from the effect on other holders of Class A common stock. 

33 

On
December 29, 2022, in connection with the closing of the Skylar Acquisition, STCB entered into a Voting Agreement (the Skylar
Voting Agreement with certain former stockholders. The Skylar Voting Agreement generally requires that the stockholders subject
to the Skylar Voting Agreement vote or cause to be voted their shares of Class A common stock, and execute and deliver written consents
and otherwise exercise all voting rights with respect to their shares of Class A common stock in the same manner as Mr. Sklar votes or
gives his consent, provided that such vote or action does not disproportionately or adversely affect the stockholder in a manner different
from the effect on other holders of Class A common stock. In addition, in connection with the Skylar Voting Agreement, the stockholders
delivered irrevocable proxies to Mr. Sklar. The Skylar Voting Agreement terminates (a) automatically upon the listing of the Class A
common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market or New York Stock Exchange, (b) with the written consent of each of the parties signatories thereto,
(c) automatically in the event that both of the following conditions are met: (i) Mr. Sklar is no longer Starco s chief executive
officer and (ii) Sklar is no longer a member of the Board of Directors of STCB, or (d) automatically in the event Starco voluntarily
commences any bankruptcy or similar proceedings or has commenced against it any bankruptcy or similar proceedings that are not dismissed
within 60 days of such commencement. 

On
February 15, 2023 in connection with the closing of the Soylent Acquisition, STCB entered into a Voting Agreement (the Soylent
 Voting Agreement with Mr. Sklar and certain other stockholders of STCB. The Soylent Voting Agreement generally requires
that the stockholders (other than Mr. Sklar) for a period of one year vote or cause to be voted their shares of Class A common stock,
and execute and deliver written consents and otherwise exercise all voting rights with respect to their shares of Class A common stock
in the same manner as Mr. Sklar votes or gives his consent, provided that such vote or action does not disproportionately or adversely
affect the other stockholders subject to the Soylent Voting Agreement in a manner different from the effect on other holders of Class
A common stock. In addition, in connection with the Soylent Voting Agreement, the stockholders (other than Mr. Sklar) delivered irrevocable
proxies to Mr. Sklar for one year. The Soylent Voting Agreement also requires the stockholders and Mr. Sklar for a period of two years
to vote all shares such person has voting control over in favor of the election of (i) a Soylent stockholder director which shall initially
be Demir Vangelov, (ii) Ross Sklar and (iii) such other person as may be designated by Mr. Sklar from time to time. The Soylent Voting
Agreement contemplates standard preemptive rights to ensure anti-dilution protections for the parties for three (3) years. The Voting
Agreement shall be effective for three (3) years from February 15, 2023 but terminates (a) automatically upon the listing of the Class
A common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market or New York Stock Exchange, (b) with the written consent of each of the parties signatories
thereto, (c) automatically in the event that both of the following conditions are met: (i) Mr. Sklar is no longer STCB s chief
executive officer and (ii) Mr. Sklar owns less than 20 of the issued and outstanding Class A Common stock of Starco, or (d) automatically
in the event Starco voluntarily commences any bankruptcy or similar proceedings or has commenced against it any bankruptcy or similar
proceedings that are not dismissed within 60 days of such commencement. 

Accounting
for Mr. Sklar s personal share holdings, and each of the referenced voting agreements, Mr. Sklar effectively controls approximately
82.0 of the total voting power of STCB. 

Director
Independence 

At
this time, the Company does not have a policy that its directors or a majority be independent of management. The Company currently has
three directors. It is the intention of the Company to implement a policy in the future that a majority of the Board member be independent
of the Company s management as the members of the board of director s increases following further implementation of the Company s
business plan. 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services . 

Audit
Fees 

Macias
Gini O Connell LLP MGO has served as our independent registered public accountants for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. The following is a summary of the fees billed or expected to be billed to us by MGO for professional services rendered
with respect to the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

MGO 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 300,000 
 75,000 
 
 Audit-related fees (2) 
 155,000 
 - 
 
 Tax fees (3) 
 
 - 
 
 All other fees (4) 
 
 - 

455,000 
 75,000 

(1) 
 Audit
 Fees consist of fees billed and expected to be billed for services rendered for the audit of our consolidated financial statements
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the review of our condensed consolidated financial statements included in our
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 

(2) 
 Audit-related
 fees represent professional services rendered for assurance and related services by the accounting firm that are reasonably related
 to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements that are not reported under Audit Fees. 

(3) 
 Tax
 Fees consist of fees billed for professional services related to preparation of our U.S. federal and state income tax returns and
 tax advice. 

(4) 
 All
 Other Fees consist of fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accountants, other than
 those disclosed above. 

Pre-Approval
Policies 

Our
Board of Directors approves the engagement of the auditor before the firm renders audit and non-audit services. Since the Company does
not have an audit committee, we do not rely on pre-approval policies and procedures. 

34 

PART
IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules . 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 

2.1

Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among (i) Starco Brands, Inc., a Nevada corporation, (ii) Starco Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation, (iii) The AOS Group Inc., a Delaware corporation, and (iv) Matthias Metternich, solely in his capacity as the Company Stockholder Representative of The AOS Group stockholders, dated September 12, 2022, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 15, 2022. 

2.2
 ) 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among (i) Starco Brands, Inc., a Nevada corporation, (ii) Starco Merger Sub II, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (iii) Skylar Body, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (iv) Skylar Body, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and (v) Shareholder Representative Services LLC, solely in its capacity as the representative of the Company Holders, dated December 29, 2022, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 4, 2023. 

2.3
 ) 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among Starco Brands, Inc., Starco Merger Sub I Inc., Soylent Nutrition, Inc., and Hamilton Start, LLC, solely in its capacity as stockholders representative and solely for purposes of Article IX, Article X, Section 2.08 and Section 6.11 therein, dated February 14, 2023, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 21, 2023. 

3.1
 (#) 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Starco Brands, Inc. 

3.2
 ) 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Starco Brands, Inc., filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 1, 2022. 

4.1
 ) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and between Starco Brands, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and the Investors listed on Schedule A thereto, dated September 12, 2022, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 15, 2022. 

4.2
 ) 
 
 Voting Agreement, by and among Starco Brands, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and the stockholders listed on Schedule A thereto, dated September 12, 2022, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 15, 2022. 

4.3
 ) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and between Starco Brands, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and the Investors listed on Schedule A thereto, dated December 29, 2022, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 4, 2023. 

4.4
 ) 
 
 Voting Agreement, by and among Starco Brands, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and the stockholders listed on Schedule A thereto, dated December 29, 2022, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 4, 2023. 

4.5
 ) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and between Starco Brands, Inc., and Hamilton Start, LLC in its capacity as Stockholder Representative on behalf of the Investors (as defined therein) dated February 15, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 21, 2023. 

35 

4.6
 ) 
 
 Voting Agreement, by and among Starco Brands, Inc., Ross Sklar, and the stockholders of the Company listed on Schedule A thereto, dated February 15, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 21, 2023. 

10.1
 ) 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Starco Brands, Inc. and each of its current directors, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 21, 2023. 

10.2
 )(+) 
 
 Brand License Agreement, by and between Starco Brands, Inc. and The Starco Group, effective as of July 12, 2017, filed as Exhibit 6.2 to the Company s Regulation A+ offering statement filed with the Commission on August 31, 2021. 

10.3
 )(+) 
 
 License Agreement by and between Sklar Holdings, Inc., and Starco Brands, Inc. executed April 1, 2018, filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 19, 2021. 

10.4
 )(+) 
 
 License Agreement by and between Winona Pure, Inc. and Starco Brands, Inc. executed April 1, 2018, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 19, 2021 

10.5
 )(+) 
 
 License Agreement by and between Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. and Starco Brands, Inc. executed October 15, 2020, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 20, 2020. 

10.6
 )(+) 
 
 License Agreement by and between Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. and Starco Brands, Inc. executed April 24, 2020, filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 20, 2020. 

10.7
 ) 
 
 Memorandum of Understanding Regarding the Launch of Breathe Hand Sanitizer, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 12, 2020. 

10.8
 )(+) 
 
 License Agreement, by and between Whipshots LLC, Washpoppin Inc., and Cardi B, dated as of September 14, 2021. 

10.9
 )(+) 
 
 Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement, by and between Whipshots LLC and PENGUINS FLY, LLC, dated as of August 24, 2021, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 14, 2021. 

10.10
 ) 
 
 Form of Distribution Agreement, by and between Starco Brands, Inc. and Distributor , filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 10, 2021. 

10.11
 ) 
 
 Form of Broker Agreement, by and between Starco Brands, Inc. and Broker , filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 10, 2021. 

10.12
 ) 
 
 Separation Agreement dated June 13, 2021 between Starco Brands, Inc. and Sanford Lang, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Commission on July 22, 2021. 

10.13
 ) 
 
 Separation Agreement dated June 13, 2021 between Starco Brands, Inc. and Martin Goldrod, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Commission on July 22, 2021. 

36 

10.14
 ) 
 
 First Amended and Restated Promissory Note issued in favor of Ross Sklar, dated July 19, 2022, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 20, 2022. 

10.15
 ) 
 
 Promissory Note issued in favor of Ross Sklar, dated June 28, 2021, filed as Exhibit 6.12 to the Company s Regulation A+ offering statement filed with the Commission on October 20, 2021. 

10.16
 ) 
 
 Promissory Note issued in favor of Ross Sklar, dated September 17, 2021, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 23, 2021. 

10.17
 ) 
 
 Promissory Note issued in favor of Ross Sklar, dated December 13, 2021, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 15, 2021. 

10.18
 ) 
 
 Promissory Note issued in favor of Ross Sklar, dated February 14, 2021, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 22, 2022. 

10.19
 ) 
 
 Secured Promissory Note issued in favor of Ross Sklar, dated December 29, 2022, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 5, 2023. 

10.20
 ) 
 
 Secured Promissory Note issued in favor of Ross Sklar, dated March 3, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 9, 2023. 

10.21
 ) 
 
 Security Agreement, by and between Starco Brands, Inc. and Ross Sklar, dated December 29, 2022, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 5, 2023. 

10.22
 ) 
 
 Security Agreement, by and between Starco Brands, Inc. and Ross Sklar, dated March 3, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 9, 2023. 

10.23
 ) 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, issued to Ross Sklar, dated December 29, 2022, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 5, 2023. 

10.24
 ) 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Class A Common Stock, issued to Ross Sklar, dated March 3, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 9, 2023. 

10.25
 (#)(+) 
 
 License Agreement by and between Starco Brands, Inc. and Temperance Distilling Company, executed January 24, 2022. 

16.1
 ) 
 
 Letter to SEC from Haynie Company, dated March 14, 2022, filed as Exhibit 16.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 14, 2022. 

21.1
 (#) 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 

31.1
 (#) 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

31.2
 (#) 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

32.1
 (#) 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

37 

32.2
 (#) 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document (the Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document). 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

(#) 
 Filed
 herewith. 

) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the filing indicated. 

(+) 
 In
 accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, certain schedules (or similar attachments)
 to this exhibit may have been omitted from this filing. The Registrant will provide a copy
 of any omitted schedule to the SEC or its staff upon request. 
 
 In
 accordance with Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K, certain provisions or terms of the Agreement may have been redacted. The Registrant
 will provide an unredacted copy of the exhibit on a supplemental basis to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

Certain
 of the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Registrant
 agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

(##) 
 The
 certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this report, are not deemed filed with the SEC and are not to be
 incorporated by reference into any filing of Starco Brands, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this report irrespective of any general incorporation
 language contained in such filing. 

Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary . 

Not
applicable 

38 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

STARCO
 BRANDS, INC. 

Dated:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ross Sklar 

Ross
 Sklar 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Ross Sklar 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 

April 17,
 2023 
 
 Ross
 Sklar 
 
 (Principal
 Executive and Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Darin Brown 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17,
 2023 
 
 Darin
 Brown 

/s/
 Demir Vangelov 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17,
 2023 
 
 Demir
 Vangelov 

39 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

STARCO
BRANDS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB FIRM ID 
 F-2 

CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
Shareholders and Board of Directors 

 Starco
Brands, Inc. 

 Santa
Monica, Ca 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Starco Brands, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity(deficit), and cash flows for the years then
ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit of approximately 17.6 million at December 31, 2022 including the
impact of its net income of approximately 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net cash provided by operating activities
was 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances
of common stock and/or debt financing is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing and the successful development of the Company s
contemplated plan of operations, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. These
conditions and the ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 2 

Evaluation
of Acquisitions - Fair Value of Acquired Assets and Contingent Consideration 

The
Company completed its acquisition of Skylar Body Inc. Skylar and the AOS Group Inc. AOS for aggregate
consideration of approximately 34.5 million. Based on the preliminary allocation of the purchase price of the acquisitions, the Company
recognized approximately 33 million of goodwill. The purchase price allocation to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including
the residual amount allocated to goodwill, is based on preliminary information. The information that was available to the Company to
allocate the consideration was affected by the proximity of the acquisition date to the Company s fiscal year end date of December
31, 2022. In addition, the Company has contingent consideration arrangements arising from the acquisitions, which obligates the Company
to provide equity consideration to the former shareholders of the acquired companies if specified future events or conditions are met.
We identified the allocation of the purchase price and contingent consideration associated with the Skylar and AOS acquisition as a critical
audit matter. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial
statements. Our audit procedures for related-party transactions included the following, among others: 

We
 evaluated whether the purchase price allocation to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including the residual amount allocated
 to goodwill, were recorded appropriately. 

We
 tested the Company s identification of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed by reading the acquisition agreement, performing
 audit procedures on such acquired balances and comparing the categories of such assets and liabilities which were recorded in the
 preliminary purchase price allocation to the acquisition agreement. 

We
 inquired of management of their understanding of key assumptions of certain revenue benchmarks along with indemnifications by the
 former shareholders related to contingent consideration. 

We
 evaluated the reasonableness of the key assumptions by comparing them to (1) internal communications to management and the Board
 of Directors and (2) information included in the Company s external communications. 

We
 independently corroborated the reasonableness of the key assumptions. 

Related
Party Transactions including Revenue Recognition 

The
Company has significant related party transactions involving revenue, loans payable, services contributed, and amounts paid by multiple
related parties. The Company s revenue is based upon royalty agreements with related parties that can be complex and vary based
on the product. Auditing management s identification of related parties and the related transactions including recognition of revenue
can be complex and is based on a thorough understanding of the Company s related party relationships, contracts, and business activities. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial
statements. Our audit procedures for related-party transactions included the following, among others: 

Evaluating
 the completeness of related-party transactions by obtaining the Company s list of related-party
 relationships and transactions. 
 
 Making
 inquiries of executive officers, key members of management, and Board of Directors regarding
 related party transactions. 
 
 Evaluating
 the Company s related party revenues under ASC 606 and conducting audit procedures
 which included reviewing contracts and evaluating management s assumptions used to
 determine the distinct performance obligations, and tracing to third party documentation,
 which the royalty revenue is based on. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022 

April
17, 2023 

F- 3 

STARCO
BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net,
 and from related party, respectively 

Prepaid expenses and other
 assets 

Inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment,
 net 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use
 assets 
 
 - 
 
 Intangibles, net 

Goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Note
 receivable, and from related party, respectively 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Other payables and accrued
 liabilities 

Accrued interest, 
 and from related party, respectively 

Stock payable 
 - 

Treasury stock payable,
 current 

Loans and advances payable,
 related party 
 - 

Notes payable, 
 and - from related party, respectively 

Lease
 liability 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 

Treasury stock payable,
 net of current portion 

Loans
 payable, net of current portion, and from related party, respectively 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, 
 par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par
 value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, at December 31, 2022 and December
 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Treasury stock at cost 

Equity consideration payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated
 deficit 

Total Starco Brands 
 Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Non-controlling interest 

Total Stockholders 
 Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and
 Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

STARCO
BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

For
 the Year Ended 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

Revenue, and 
 from related parties, respectively, net 

Cost of goods sold 
 
 - 

Gross profit 

Operating Expenses: 

Compensation expense 

Professional fees 

Marketing, General and
 administrative 

Marketing,
 related party 

Total Operating Expenses 

Income (Loss) from operations 

Other Expense: 

Interest expense 

Other
 expense 

Total Other Expense 

Income (Loss) before provisions for income
 taxes 

Provision for income
 taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 

Net
 income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net Income (Loss) attributable to Starco Brands 

Income (Loss) per
 share, basic 

Income (Loss) per
 share, diluted 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - Basic 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

STARCO
BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Stock 

Deficit 

Interest 

Payable 

(Deficit) 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in 

Treasury 

Accumulated 

Non-controlling 

Equity Consideration 

Stockholders Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Stock 

Deficit 

Interest 

Payable 

(Deficit) 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Estimated fair value of contributed services 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Estimated fair value of warrants issued 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Treasury stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Balance 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Estimated fair value of contributed services 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Estimated fair value of warrants issued 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of shares for cash 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Recognition of deferred offering costs 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Issuance of shares related to stock payable 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of shares related to AOS acquisition 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Equity payble related to AOS acquisition 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of shares related to Skylar acquisition 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Equity payble related to Skylar acquisition 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Investment in Company 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

() 

() 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

STARCO
BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

For
 the Year Ended 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Provided by Operating
 Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to
 net cash provided by operating activities: 

Loss on disposal of asset 
 - 

Common stock payable for
 services 

Contributed services 

Stock based compensation 

Depreciation 

Amortization of intangible
 assets 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, related
 party 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other
 assets 

Inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease right of
 use asset 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable 

Other payables and accrued
 liabilities, related party 

Other payables and accrued
 liabilities 

Operating lease liability 
 
 - 

Net Cash Used In Operating
 Activities 

Cash Flows From Investing
 Activities: 

Cash Paid in Acquisition
 of Business, net of cash paid 
 
 - 
 
 Purchases of intangibles 
 - 

Notes receivable, related
 party 
 - 

Net Cash Provided by
 (Used) In Investing Activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Advances / loans from related
 parties 

(Repayment of advances)/borrowings
 from related parties 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Payments on notes payable 

Proceeds from issuance
 of common stock 

Repurchase of common stock 

Net Cash Provided By
 Financing Activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) In Cash 

Cash - Beginning of Period 

Cash - End of Period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Noncash operating and financing activities: 

Treasury stock payable 
 - 

Non-cash issuance of stock
 payable 
 
 - 
 
 Reclass of offering costs
 to additional paid-in capital 
 
 - 
 
 Reclass of investment in
 Company to additional paid-in capital 
 
 - 
 
 Estimated fair value of
 shares issued in acquisitions 
 
 - 
 
 Estimated fair value of shares payable to be issued from acquisitions 
 
 - 
 
 Debt discount on notes payable issued with warrants 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

STARCO
BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the vested voting interests. There are unvested interests
not owned by the Company for an additional of the equity which has been issued subject to vesting requirements. 

On
September 12, 2022, STCB, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Starco Merger Sub Inc. Merger Sub ), completed its acquisition
(the AOS Acquisition of The AOS Group Inc., a Delaware corporation AOS ). The AOS Acquisition consisted
of Merger Sub merging with and into AOS, with AOS being the surviving corporation. AOS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of STCB. 

On
December 29, 2022, STCB, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Starco Merger Sub II. Inc. First Merger Sub ), completed its
acquisition (the Skylar Acquisition of Skylar Body, Inc. Skylar ). The Skylar Acquisition consisted of First
Merger Sub margining with and into Skylar First Merger with Skylar being the surviving corporation, and immediately following
the First Merger, and as part of the same overall transaction as the First Merger, Skylar merged with and into Second Merger Sub (the
 Second Merger with the Second Merger being the surviving corporation. Skylar is a wholly-owned subsidiary of STCB. 

The
accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements are of STCB and its subsidiaries AOS, Skylar, Whipshots Holdings and its wholly
owned subsidiary Whipshots LLC (collectively, the Company ). 

million
at December 31, 2022 including the impact of its net income of approximately million
for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net cash used in operating activities was million
for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s ability to continue with this trend is unknown. The Company s
ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock and/or debt financing is unknown. On December 29,
2022, the Company issued Ross Sklar, CEO, a related party, a note
payable due (see Note 7), whereby the entirety of the note was used as consideration to consumate the Skylar Acquisition. The
obtainment of additional financing and the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, to the
attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. These conditions and the ability to
successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The
consolidated financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these
aforementioned uncertainties. 

owned subsidiary and its wholly owned subsidiaries, which are comprised of voting interest entities in
which we have a controlling financial interest in accordance with ASC 810, Consolidation. All significant intercompany profits, losses,
transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation in the consolidated financial statements. 

Our
consolidated subsidiaries at December 31, 2022 include: AOS, Skylar, Whipshots Holdings and its wholly owned subsidiary Whipshots LLC.
Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

cash equivalents for the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

or greater are capitalized. Depreciation is computed
using straight-line over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Expenditures that enhance the useful lives of the assets are
capitalized and depreciated. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost
and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in operations. 

The
Company applies the following five-step model in order to determine this amount: (i) identification of the promised goods in the contract;
(ii) determination of whether the promised goods are performance obligations, including whether they are distinct in the context of the
contract; (iii) measurement of the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; (iv) allocation of the transaction
price to the performance obligations; and (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 

The
Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration it is entitled
to in exchange for the licensee transferring goods or services to the customer. Once a contract is determined to be within the scope
of ASC 606 at contract inception, the Company reviews the contract to determine which performance obligations the Company s licensee
must deliver and which of these performance obligations are distinct. The Company recognizes as revenues the amount of the transaction
price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when the performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied.
Generally, the Company s licensee s performance obligations are transferred to customers at a point in time, typically upon
delivery. 

Warrants 
 - 

Acquisition Stock Consideration Payable 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 - 

years. 

Indefinite-lived
intangible assets consist of certain trademarks and formula lists. These intangible assets are not amortized but are tested for impairment
annually or whenever impairment indicators exist. 

The
Company assesses potential impairment of its long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset or
asset group s carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that are considered important that could trigger an impairment review
include a current period operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses and a projection or forecast
that demonstrates continuing losses or insufficient income associated with the use of a long-lived asset or asset group. Other factors
include a significant change in the manner of the use of the asset or a significant negative industry or economic trend. This evaluation
is performed based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows from operating activities compared with the carrying value of the related
assets. If the undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized, measured by the difference
between the carrying value, and the estimated fair value of the assets, with such estimated fair values determined using the best information
available and in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements. During fiscal 2022, the Company did not record asset impairment
charges related to its intangible assets. 

Each
quarter, we also evaluate the expected future realization of our royalty-based assets, as well as any unrecognized minimum commitments
not yet paid to determine amounts we deem unlikely to be realized through future revenue. Impairments or losses determined post-launch
are charged to cost of revenue. We evaluate long-lived royalty-based assets for impairment using undiscounted cash flows when impairment
indicators exist. If an impairment exists, then the related assets are written down to fair value. Unrecognized minimum royalty-based
commitments are accounted for as executory contracts, and therefore, any losses on these commitments are recognized when the underlying
intellectual property is abandoned (i.e., cease use) or the contractual rights to use the intellectual property are terminated. 

Our
minimum contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 approximate and for the years ending December 31,
2023 and 2024, respectively. 

years, for approximately square feet of office space located in West Hollywood, California.
The lease expires in September 2023 and has a monthly base rental of which increases each year. The remaining weighted average
term is years. In March 2022, the Company entered into a sublease, whereby, the sublessor will take over the entire AOS Lease office
space and the lease payment until the completion of the original AOS Lease term. 

In
accordance with ASC 842, Leases, the Company recognized a ROU asset and corresponding lease liability on the consolidated balance sheet
for long-term office leases. See Note 11 Leases for further discussion, including the impact on the consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures . 

Total cost of revenues 

Gross
 profit 

Starco
 Brands 
 Skylar 
 Total 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2021 

Starco
 Brands 
 Skylar 
 Total 
 
 Total revenues 
 
 - 

Total cost of revenues 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gross
 profit 
 
 - 

Depreciation
expense allocated to the Starco Brands and Skylar segments was and , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. There
was depreciation expense in the year ended December 31, 2021 for either segment. 

per share, which amount is equal to the
fair value of the stock on the acquisition date. As consideration for the Merger, the Company reserved an aggregate of restricted
shares of Company common stock to issue to the AOS Stockholders (such stockholders as of immediately prior to the closing of the Merger,
the AOS Stockholders ), restricted shares of Company common stock may be issued to the AOS Stockholders after
an 18-month indemnification period, and offsetting against these additional shares will be the sole recourse for any indemnity claims
by the Company against the AOS Stockholders. An additional restricted shares of Company common stock may be issued to the AOS
Stockholders contingent upon AOS meeting certain future sales metrics. Further, in the event that the AOS Stockholders have any indemnity
claims against the Company or Merger Sub, the Company shall satisfy any such indemnity claims solely by the issuance of additional shares
of its Company common stock, which shall not exceed, in the aggregate, additional shares of Company common stock. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, under the terms of the Merger Agreement, any AOS Stockholder that is not an accredited investor as defined
in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), will
receive cash in lieu of shares of Company common stock at a value equal to per share. 

The
 additional restricted shares of Company common stock to be issued after an 18-month indemnification period are deemed to be
part of the consideration paid for the acquisition. The earnout shares of Company common stock to be issued are not deemed
to be part of the consideration paid for the acquisition as management determined it not probably that any of the earnout shares would
be issued as certain future sales metrics will not be met. The additional shares of Company common stock that may be issued
in the event of an indemnity claim against the Company are not deemed to be part of the consideration paid for the acquisition as the
Company does not expect any additional shares will be issued under the indemnity clause. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company paid in cash to non-accredited investors. Additionally, the Company has held back in
cash, the equivalent of shares to be paid to non-accredited investors. 

, 608,560 

Assets acquired: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid and other assets 

Inventory 

PP E, net 

Intangibles 

Right of use asset 

Total
 assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 

Accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Right of use liability 

Total
 liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Goodwill 

2 
 
 cash paid to sellers at the acquisition date,
 
 of shares transferred to sellers at the acquisition
date, 
 of cash to be paid to sellers, 
 of cash holdback to be paid to sellers at the
end of the holdback period and 
 of equity holdback to be paid to sellers at the
end of the holdback period. 

The
preliminary purchase price allocation is based on estimates of the fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities
assumed. The Company will utilize recognized valuation techniques as part of its final valuation of the AOS Acquisition, which is expected
to be complete in Q2 2023. The above purchase price allocation is preliminary and subject to change as the Company may further refine
the determination of certain assets during the measurement period of one year. The final amounts allocated to assets acquired and liabilities
assumed could differ significantly from the amounts presented. 

Subsequent
to the AOS Acquisition, during the period September 13, 2022 through December 31, 2022, AOS earned in revenue and incurred
a net loss of . 

The
Company incurred approximately in transaction costs related to the AOS Acquisition, primarily coming from legal, banking, accounting
and other professional service fees. 

It
is the Company s intention to file a Section 338(h)(10) tax election in regards to the AOS Acquisition which allows for a step
up in the tax basis of the assets acquired. 

Skylar
Acquisition 

On
December 29, 2022, STCB, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Starco Merger Sub II. Inc. First Merger Sub ), completed
its acquisition (the Skylar Acquisition of Skylar Body, Inc. Skylar ). The Skylar Acquisition consisted
of First Merger Sub margining with and into Skylar First Merger with Skylar being the surviving corporation, and
immediately following the First Merger, and as part of the same overall transaction as the First Merger, Skylar merged with and into
Second Merger Sub (the Second Merger with the Second Merger being the surviving corporation. Skylar is a maker of
fragrances that are hypoallergenic and safe for sensitive skin. Starco acquired AOS as STCB is always looking for technologies and
brands that have the ability to scale and change behavior. In the world of fragrances, there are no other brands that have
successfully built a clean, beautiful, premium incredibly well-scented and recyclable fragrance brands for consumers. Starco Brands,
through its relationship with TSG and other strong partners, the Company has access to intellectual property that will allow Skylar
to vertically integrate manufacturing and expand, positioning Skylar to be the future of fragrance. The Skylar Acquisition was
completed through a cash and stock deal, where the Company paid in cash to settle debt and the Company s shares were
issued at 
per share, which amount is equal to the fair value of the stock on the acquisition date. As consideration for the Skylar
Acquisition, the Company reserved an aggregate of 
restricted shares of Company common stock to issue to the Skylar Stockholders (such stockholders as of immediately prior to the
closing of the Second Merger, the Skylar Stockholders ), 
restricted shares of Company common stock may be issued to the Skylar Stockholders after an 18-month indemnification period, and
offsetting against these additional shares will be the sole recourse for any indemnity claims by the Company against the Skylar
Stockholders. An additional 
restricted shares of Company common stock may be issued to the Skylar Stockholders contingent upon Skylar meeting certain future
sales metrics. Further, in the event that the Skylar Stockholders have any indemnity claims against the Company or Second Merger
Sub, the Company shall satisfy any such indemnity claims solely by the issuance of additional shares of its Company common stock,
which shall not exceed, in the aggregate, 
additional shares of Company common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, under the terms of the Merger Agreement, any Skylar
Stockholder that is not an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), will receive cash in lieu of shares of Company common
stock at a value equal to 
per share. 

The
 additional restricted shares of Company common stock to be issued after an 18-month indemnification period and the 
earnout shares of Company common stock to be issued if certain future sales metrics are met, are deemed to be part of the consideration
paid for the acquisition. The additional shares of Company common stock that may be issued in the event of an indemnity claim
against the Company are not deemed to be part of the consideration paid for the acquisition as the Company does not expect any additional
shares will be issued under the indemnity clause. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company paid in cash to non-accredited investors. 

Assets acquired: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid and other assets 

Inventory 

PP E, net 

Intangibles 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 

Accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Total
 liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Goodwill 

The
preliminary purchase price allocation is based on estimates of the fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities
assumed. The Company will utilize recognized valuation techniques as part of its final valuation of the AOS Acquisition, which is expected
to be complete in Q2 2023. The above purchase price allocation is preliminary and subject to change as the Company may further refine
the determination of certain assets during the measurement period of one year. The final amounts allocated to assets acquired and liabilities
assumed could differ significantly from the amounts presented. 

Subsequent
to the Skylar Acquisition, during the period December 29, 2022 through December 31, 2022, Skylar earned in revenue and incurred
a net loss of approximately . 

The
Company incurred approximately in transaction costs related to the Skylar Acquisition, primarily coming from legal, banking,
accounting and other professional service fees. 

It
is the Company s intention to file a Section 338(h)(10) tax election in regards to the Skylar Acquisition which allows for a step
up in the tax basis of the assets acquired. 

The
following unaudited proforma condensed consolidated results of operations have been prepared, as if the Acquisition had occurred as of
January 1, 2022 and 2021, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: 

PROFORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 (Unaudited) 

Net Income (Loss) 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interest 

- 

- 

Net Income (Loss) attributable to Starco Brands 

() 

() 

() 

Starco Brands Inc. 

The AOS Group Inc. 

Skylar Body, Inc. 

Proforma Starco Brands Inc. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Starco Brands Inc. 

The AOS Group Inc. 

Skylar Body, Inc. 

Proforma Starco Brands Inc. 

Revenue 

Net Loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net (income) attributable to non-controlling interest 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Net Income (Loss) attributable to Starco Brands 

() 

() 

() 

() 

A
pro forma balance sheet was excluded from this disclosure as the transactions are already reflected in the December 31, 2022 condensed
consolidated balance sheets, given there were minimal adjustments to the September 12, 2022 AOS closing balance sheet and the December
29, 2022 Skylar closing balance sheet. 

3
 Consideration consists of the following: cash paid to sellers
at the acquisition date, of shares transferred to sellers at the acquisition date, of shares transferred to pay sellers
expenses, of equity holdback to be paid to sellers at the end of the holdback period and of contingent shares payable. 

and required monthly payments through June 2022. In 2022, the Company paid off the principal balance as
of December 31, 2021 prior to the maturity date in June 2022. 

In
September 2022, the Company received a second financing loan for its Directors and Officers Insurance D O Loan #2 ,
collectively with D O Loan #1 the D O Loans ). The loan bears interest at and requires monthly payments through
June, 2023. The outstanding balance of the loan is as of December 31, 2022. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the D O Loans incurred approximately and , respectively, of interest expense. 

See
Note 7 - Related Party Transactions for loans to STCB from the Company s CEO. 

and based on revenues generated by the products. In connection with this agreement the Company
paid (the Purchase Price Payment) during 2021, which was recorded as an indefinite-lived intangible asset. 

On
September 14, 2021, the Whipshots LLC entered into a License Agreement Whipshots License Agreement with Washpoppin Inc., Licensor a New York corporation. Pursuant to the License Agreement, Licensor shall license to the Company certain Licensed
Property (as defined in the Whipshots License Agreement) of the recording artist professionally known as Cardi B (the Artist ).
As part of the Whipshots License Agreement, in exchange for royalty rates based on Net Sales (as defined in the License Agreement) during
each applicable contract period, the Licensor warrants to cause the Artist to attend certain in person events, media interviews, participate
in the development of the Licensed Products (as defined in the Whipshots License Agreement), and promote the Licensed Products through
social media posts on the Artist s social media platforms. The Company, through Whipshots LLC has committed to a minimum royalty
payment under the Whipshots License Agreement of in aggregate through 2024, subject to Licensor s satisfaction of its
obligations. During years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company incurred expenses related to this agreement of approximately 
and , respectively, and had a prepaid royalty balance of as of December 31, 2022. 

Following
the 18-month hold back period from the date of the AOS Acquisition, the Company will issue AOS Stockholders an aggregate 
 shares and 
 in cash that is currently being held back. 

Following
the 18-month hold back period from the date of the Skylar Acquisition, the Company will issue Skylar Stockholders an aggregate 
shares that is currently being held back. Additionally, and contingent upon Skylar meeting certain future sales metrics over the
earn out period, the Company will issue an additional 
shares of its common stock to Skylar Stockholders. As of December 31, 2022, the Company expects to pay the Skylar Stockholders the
contingent 
shares of its common stock for meeting certain sales metrics. The value of the holdback shares and contingent shares is approximately is and , respectively. 

Accrued
Liability 

On
July 9, 2014, the Board of Directors approved an investment arrangement with an individual. Per the terms of the agreement, the investor
transferred to the Company to be used for the development of a specific product. The product for which the investment was intended
was never produced and this agreement is being renegotiated. The investment was never returned by the Company and the amount
has historically been included in other payables and accruals on the balance sheet. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
reclassified the investment from other payables and accruals to additional paid in capital on the balance sheet. 

to pay for general operating expenses. The advance required a monthly interest payment of 
and was due on demand. In June 2021, Mr. Lang and Mr. Goldrod executed agreements with STCB whereby the advance from Mr. Lang and
all other amounts owed to each were repaid and both Mr. Lang and Mr. Goldrod resigned from the Board of Directors. Further, for a
period of 36 months beginning in July 2021, STCB will repurchase an aggregate of 
worth of shares each month from Mr. Lang and Mr. Goldrod, with the share price for each purchase to be set according to the volume
weighted average trading price of the common stock over the last 10 days of the month. In the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
STCB paid an aggregate of 
and ,
respectively, to Mr. Lang and Mr. Goldrod. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had settled all share transfers due under these agreements. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company owed TSG 
 for expenses paid by TSG on behalf of STCB for
expenses to launch licensed brands. In addition, STCB owes TSG and its subsidiaries an additional 
 for expenses paid on behalf of STCB or funds
advanced to the Company to pay for other operating expenses. TSG is owned by STCB s CEO, Ross Sklar. Total expenses paid by TSG
on behalf of STCB approximated 
 for the year ended Dec 31, 2022. 

Ross
Sklar, CEO Notes 

On
January 24, 2020, STCB executed a promissory note January 24, 2020 Note ), for with Ross Sklar, Chief Executive
Officer CEO of STCB. The January 24, 2020 Note bears interest at per annum, compounds monthly, is unsecured, and matures
 from the original date of issuance. On July 19, 2022, the Company and Ross Sklar, agreed to amend and restate the January 24,
2020 Note. Mr. Sklar agreed to extend the term of the January 24, 2020 Note through the entry into a First Amended and Restated Promissory
Note (the Amended Note in exchange for the Company paying the accrued and unpaid interest on the January 24, 2020 Note,
including during the period following maturity date of the January 24, 2020 Note, which was from January 24, 2022 to July 19, 2022. In
exchange for extending the term, Mr. Sklar waived the default interest rate of ten percent and agreed to interest accrual at the
standard four percent rate during the period following maturity. The Amended Note carries a guaranteed interest rate, matures
on , and has a interest rate on a default of repayment at maturity. The Company, at its option, may prepay the Amended
Note, in whole or in part, without prepayment penalty of any kind, and the obligations under the Amended Note will accelerate in full
upon an Event of Default (as defined in the Amended Note). 

On
June 28, 2021, STCB executed an additional promissory note June 28, 2021 Note ), with Mr. Sklar in the principal amount
of with the same terms as the January 24, 2020 Note and a maturity date of . 

On
September 17, 2021, STCB executed a third promissory note September 17, 2021 Note ), with Mr. Sklar in the principal amount
of with the same terms as the January 24, 2020 Note and a maturity date of . 

On
December 13, 2021, STCB executed a fourth promissory note December 13, 2021 Note ), with Mr. Sklar in the principal amount
of with the same terms as the January 24, 2020 Note and a maturity date of . 

On
February 14, 2022, STCB executed a fifth promissory note February 14, 2022 Note ), in favor of Mr. Sklar, in the principal
sum of , in exchange for a cash advance in the amount of and payment of Company costs in the amount of . As
with the other notes between the Company and our CEO, the February 14, 2022 Note bears interest at per annum, is unsecured, and matures
two years from the original date of issuance. This note may also convert into shares of Company common stock at the 10-day volume weighted
average trading price of the Company common stock for the 10-day period prior to the issuance of the Note, which was calculated as 
per share. 

On
December 29, 2022, STCB executed a sixth promissory note December 29, 2022 Note ), for with Ross Sklar. The
December 29, 2022 Note bears interest at a floating rate comprised of the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate plus (for a current floating
interest rate of per annum), has a default interest rate equal to the then current interest rate plus , compounds monthly, is
secured, and matures seven months from the original date of issuance. The Company, at its option, may prepay the December 29, 2022 Note,
in whole or in part, without prepayment penalty of any kind, and the obligations under the December 29, 2022 Note will accelerate in
full upon an Event of Default (as defined in the December 29, 2022 Note). In connection with the December 29, 2022 Note, as a funding
fee, the Company issued Mr. Sklar warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of per share. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal due to Mr. Sklar was and , respectively. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021 there was and of accrued interest due on these notes, respectively. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the notes to Mr. Sklar incurred interest expense of approximately and , respectively. 

Other
Related Party Transactions 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred and , respectively, of marketing expense from The
Woo. David Dreyer, STCB s Chief Marketing Officer, was a Managing Director at The Woo until February 2022. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized revenue from related parties of and , respectively.
There were and of accounts receivable and accrued accounts receivable from TSG and Temperance Distilling Company Temperance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All revenues earned in relation to these accounts receivable
is from related parties. Ross Sklar serves as the Chairman of Temperance. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company advanced to Temperance for its initial production of Whipshots, recorded as note
receivable, related party in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The note carries no interest and is payable on demand.
The balance of the note receivable was as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received contributed services at a value of approximately , and ,
respectively. Such costs have been expensed and recorded as additional paid-in capital in the period the services were provided. 

shares of common stock. The warrants vest over a two -year term. The
warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model under the following assumptions as found in the table below. 

On
October 21, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with a consultant for services to be performed. As consideration therefor, the
Company granted the consultant stock warrants to purchase shares of common stock. The warrants vest over a three-year term. The
warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model under the following assumptions as found in the table below. 

On
September 12, 2022, the Company entered into agreements with members of the Board and consultants for services to be performed. As consideration
therefor, the Company granted those individuals stock warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock. The warrants
vest over a three-year term and expire from the vesting date. The warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model under the following assumptions as found in the table below. 

On
November 1, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with a consultant for services to be performed. As consideration therefor, the
Company granted the consultant stock warrants to purchase shares of common stock. The warrants vest over a one -year term. The
warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model under the following assumptions as found in the table below. 

On
November 3, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with a consultant for services to be performed. As consideration therefor, the
Company granted the consultant stock warrants to purchase shares of common stock. The warrants vest over a three -year term.
The warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model under the following assumptions as found in the table below. 

On
December 29, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Ross Sklar, for 
 warrants to purchase shares of common stock be
issued as a funding fee for the 
 secured promissory note (see Note 7). The warrants
were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model under the following assumptions as found in the table below. 

years 

10/21/2021 

years 

9/12/2022 

years 

11/01/2022 

years 

11/03/2022 

years 

12/29/2022 

years 

- 
 
 Issued 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Issued 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

The
Company granted stock warrants to purchase an aggregate of and shares of common stock during the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
weighted average grant date fair value of stock warrants granted and vested during the year ended December 31, 2022, was 
 and 
 respectively. The weighted average grant date
fair value of stock warrants granted and vested during the year ended December 31, 2021, was 
 and 
 respectively. 

- 

The
compensation expense attributed to the issuance of the stock warrants is recognized as they are vested. 

Total
compensation expense related to the stock warrants was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, there was in future compensation cost related to non-vested stock warrants. 

The
aggregate intrinsic value is for total outstanding and exercisable warrants, which was based on our estimated fair value of the
common stock of by the warrant holders had all warrant holders exercised their warrants as of that date, net of the aggregate
exercise price. 

of stock subscription payable related to common stock to be issued. 

At
December 31, 2021, STCB recorded of stock payable for services provided and related to contributed services to be issued. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the STCB issued a total of 
 shares related to stock payable of . 

Issuances, net 
 - 
 - 
 
 Ending balance - December 31, 2021 

Additions, net 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuances, net 

Ending balance - December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Short term lease cost 
 - 
 
 Sublease
 income 

Net lease cost 
 - 

Operating lease operating cash flows
 (fixed payments) 

Operating lease operating cash flows
 (liability reduction) 

Current leases right of use assets 

Current liabilities operating lease
 liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 
 operating lease liabilities 
 - 

Operating lease ROU assets 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) 

Weighted-average discount rate 

The
Company did not have any leases for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
Company obtained right-of-use assets of in exchange for operating lease liabilities in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Amount representing
 interest 

Present value of net
 future minimum lease payments 

Tools and equipment 

Furniture and equipment 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment,
 net 

The
Company did not have property and equipment as of December 31, 2021. 

- 

Domain names 

Trademark 
 
 - 

Intangible Assets 

December
 31, 2021 

Gross 

Carrying 
 Accumulated 

Amount 
 Amortization 
 Net 
 
 Trademark 
 
 - 

Intangible Assets 
 - 
 - 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total amortization remaining 

, 089,871 
 
 Acquisition of Skylar 

Measurement period
 adjustments 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, of goodwill recognized is allocated to the STCB segment and 
of goodwill recognized is allocated to the Skylar segment. 

- 
 
 Finished goods 
 
 - 
 
 Total inventory 
 
 - 

and a California tax rate of . 

Stock based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Related party accrual 

Research and development costs 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax assets: 

Less
 valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

Other nondeductible expenses 

Valuation allowance 

Provision
 for income tax 
 - 
 - 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carry forwards of approximately 
 including approximately 
 from periods prior to 2017 that may be offset
against future taxable income through 2036. The Company s federal net operating losses from 2017 and later carry an indefinite
life. At December 31, 2022, the Company had state net operating loss carry forwards of approximately that may be
offset against future taxable income through 2042. No
 tax expense has been reported in the December
31, 2022 consolidated financial statements since the tax expense is offset by a valuation allowance adjustment of the same amount. No tax
benefit has been reported in the December 31, 2021 consolidated financial statements since the potential tax benefit is offset by
a valuation allowance adjustment of the same amount. The Company's valuation allowance increased by and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Due
to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards for federal income tax reporting
purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to
use in future years. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax examinations by
tax authorities for years before 2018. 

The
Company also acquired approximately million and million in net operating loss carryforwards as a result of its 2022 acquisitions
of AOS and Skylar, respectively. The Company believes the future benefit of these net operating losses are limited due to the change
of ownership provisions. 

of the Company s
outstanding common stock adopted the Amended and Restated Articles. On February 9, 2023, the Company filed the Amended and Restated Articles,
which, among other things, (i) increased the authorized shares of common stock, par value per share, from shares (the
 Old Common Stock to shares, (ii) established two classes of Common Stock, consisting of (y) 
shares of Class A common stock, par value per share Class A common stock ), and (z) shares of Class
B common stock, par value per share and (iii) reclassified all issued, outstanding or authorized Old Common Stock of the Company
into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. As a result, following the filing of the Amended and Restated Articles with the Nevada
Secretary of State, the Company s prior common stock was renamed Class A common stock on its trading symbol. 

Acquisitions 

On
February 15, 2023, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Starco Merger Sub I, Inc. Merger Sub ), completed its
acquisition (the Soylent Acquisition of Soylent Nutrition, Inc., a Delaware corporation Soylent ). The Soylent
Acquisition consisted of Merger Sub merging with and into Soylent, with Soylent being the surviving corporation. Soylent is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of STCB. Soylent is the maker of a wide range of plant-based complete nutrition and functional food 
products with a lineup of plant-based convenience shakes, powders and bars that contain proteins, healthy fats, functional amino acids
and essential nutrients. Pursuant to the Soylent Acquisition, STCB has, or will, issue (a) an aggregate
of up to restricted shares of Class A common stock, (b) up to additional restricted shares of Class A common stock
based on final determination of calculations of Soylent s working capital, cash at closing, indebtedness at closing and certain
unpaid transaction expenses in excess of the amount reimbursed by Starco, and (c) an adjustment to the shares of Class A common stock
received by the Company Holders (as defined in the agreement) in the event that the trading price for STCB s Class A common stock
price per share on the first anniversary of the closing date (the Adjustment Date is below per share of Class A
common stock. If, on the Adjustment Date, STCB s shares are trading below per share of Class A common stock, Starco shall
issue additional shares of Class A common stock based on the Closing Merger Consideration (as defined in the agreement) after adjustments
divided by the trading price (which must be below per share for any additional shares to be issued) minus the total share issuance
after adjustments. 

Warrant
Issuances 

On
March 3, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Ross Sklar, for warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock,
which was issued as a funding fee on an secured promissory note. 

years 

F- 26 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 ex3-1.htm

Exhibit 3.1 

CERTIFICATE
OF 
AMENDED AND RESTATED 

 ARTICLES
OF INCORPORATION 

 of 

 STARCO
BRANDS, INC. 

Starco
Brands, Inc., formerly known as Insynergy, Inc. and Insynergy Products, Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State
of Nevada on January 26, 2010, hereby amends and restates its Articles of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation ), to embody in one document its original articles and the subsequent amendments thereto. 

The
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation were approved and adopted by the board of directors (the Board of
Starco Brands, Inc. on January 3, 2023. Upon the recommendation of the Board, the stockholders of Starco Brands, Inc., holding a majority
of the voting power approved and adopted these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation on January 6, 2023. 152,819,652 shares
of common stock, representing 53.47 of the Corporation s outstanding common stock were voted for adoption of these Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation. As a result, these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation were authorized and adopted in
accordance with the Nevada Revised Statutes. 

The
undersigned officer of Starco Brands, Inc., hereby certifies as follows: 

FIRST :
The name of the corporation is Starco Brands, Inc. (the Corporation ). The original Articles of Incorporation of
the Corporation were filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on the 26th day of January 2010. The first Certificate
of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on the 16th day of May
2011. The second Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Nevada on the 20th day of September 2011. The third Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation was filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on the 7th day of September 2017. The fourth Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of
Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on the 22nd day of November 2017. 

SECOND :
These Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation are being filed with the Nevada Secretary of State in accordance with Sections
78.390 and 78.403 of the Nevada Revised Statutes (the Revised Statutes ). 

THIRD :
The Corporation s Articles of Incorporation, including all amendments thereto, are amended and restated to read as
follows: 

ARTICLE
I. 
NAME OF CORPORATION 

The
name of the corporation is Starco Brands, Inc. (the Corporation ). 

ARTICLE
II. 
REGISTERED AGENT 

The
name of the registered agent of the Corporation in the State of Nevada is C T Corporation System. The address of the registered agent
of the Corporation in the State of Nevada is C T Corporation System, 701 S. Carson St., Suite 200, Carson City, NV 89701. 

ARTICLE
III. 
DURATION 

The
Corporation shall have perpetual existence. 

ARTICLE
IV. 
PURPOSE 

The
purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any activity within the purposes for which corporations may be incorporated and organized
under Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes NRS ), and to do all other things incidental thereto which are not
forbidden by law or by these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. 

ARTICLE
V. 
POWERS 

The
Corporation has been formed pursuant to Chapter 78 of the NRS. The powers of the Corporation shall be those powers granted under the
NRS, including Sections 78.060 and 78.070 thereof. In addition, the Corporation shall have the following specific powers: 

(a)
to elect or appoint officers and agents of the Corporation and to fix their compensation; (b) to act as an agent for any individual,
association, partnership, corporation or other legal entity; (c) to receive, acquire, hold, exercise rights arising out of the ownership
or possession of, sell, or otherwise dispose of, shares or other interests in, or obligations of, individuals, associations, partnerships,
corporations, governments or other legal entities; (d) to receive, acquire, hold, pledge, transfer, or otherwise dispose of shares of
the Corporation in accordance with Chapter 78 of the NRS; and (e) to make gifts or contributions for the public welfare or for charitable,
scientific or educational purposes. 

ARTICLE
VI. 
CAPITAL STOCK 

Section
1. Authorized Shares . The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue
is Two Billion Two Hundred Thirty Million (2,230,000,000) shares of capital stock, consisting of: (i) Two Billion (2,000,000,000) shares
of common stock with a par value of 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ), of which One Billion Seven Hundred Million
(1,700,000,000) shares are designated Class A Common Stock Class A Common Stock and of which Three
Hundred Million (300,000,000) shares are designated Class B Common Stock Class B Common Stock ), and
(ii) Two Hundred Thirty Million (230,000,000) shares of preferred stock, with a par value of 0.001 per share (the Preferred
Stock ). 

Immediately
upon the filing and effectiveness (the Effective Time of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation pursuant
to the NRS, each share of common stock, 0.001 per share issued and outstanding or held in treasury of the Corporation immediately prior
to the Effective Time (the Old Common Stock will be, and hereby is, automatically reclassified as and converted
into, and becomes one new (1) validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable new share of the Class A Common Stock, par value of 0.001
per share, to the holders entitled thereto, as authorized by this Article IV of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation,
without any action by the holder thereof. 

Each
certificate or book entry designation that prior to the Effective Time represented shares of Old Common Stock shall thereafter represent
that number of shares of Class A Common Stock into which the shares of Old Common Stock represented by such certificate shall have been
reclassified and changed; provided, that each person holding of record a stock certificate or certificates that represented shares of
Old Common Stock shall receive, upon surrender of such certificate or certificates, unless otherwise instructed by such holder, book-entry
shares in lieu of a new certificate or certificates evidencing and representing the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to which
such person is entitled under the foregoing reclassification and change 

The
following is a statement of the designations and the powers, privileges and rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof in respect of each class of capital stock of the Corporation. 

A. COMMON
 STOCK. 

1. General .
The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the rights, powers and
preferences of the holders of the Preferred Stock set forth herein. 

2. Voting .
Except as otherwise required by law, no holder of Common Stock, as such, shall be entitled to vote on any amendment to the Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding
series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one
or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or pursuant to the NRS. The
number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding)
by (in addition to any vote of the holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock that may be required by the terms of the Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation)) the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of capital
stock of the Corporation representing a majority of the votes represented by all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation
entitled to vote. 

3. Liquidation,
Dissolution or Winding Up . In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation,
the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of shares of Class
A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and Preferred Stock, pro rata, based on the number of shares held by each such holder, treating
for this purpose all such securities as if they had been converted to Class A Common Stock pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. 

B. CLASS
 A COMMON STOCK. 

1. Dividends .
Subject to the preferences that may apply to any shares of Class B Common Stock and Preferred Stock outstanding at the time, the holders
of Class A Common Stock shall be entitled to share equally, identically and ratably, on a per share basis, with respect to any dividend
or other distribution paid or distributed by the Corporation out of any funds of the Corporation legally available therefor when, as,
and if, declared by the Board, unless different treatment of the shares of the affected class is approved by the affirmative vote of
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of such affected class. 

2. Voting .
Except as otherwise required by law or the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, each holder of Class A Common Stock, as such,
is entitled at all meetings of stockholders (and written actions in lieu of meetings) to one vote for each share of Class A Common Stock
held by such holder. 

C. CLASS
 B COMMON STOCK. 

1. Dividends .
The holders of Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as, and if, declared by the Board, and as otherwise provided
in the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, out of funds legally available therefor, dividends. If the Corporation shall declare,
pay or set apart for payment any dividend or other distribution on any Class A Common Stock or Preferred Stock or make any distributions
in respect of any Class A Common Stock or Preferred Stock, it shall simultaneously declare, pay and/or set apart for payment or distribution
for each share of Class B Common Stock a dividend and/or distribution in an amount equal to the amount the holder of such share would
be entitled to receive if it had been converted into a share of Class A Common Stock and been outstanding on the record date for such
dividend or distribution. 

2. Voting .
On any matter presented to the stockholders of the Corporation for their action or consideration at any meeting of stockholders of the
Corporation (or by written consent of stockholders in lieu of meeting), each holder of outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock shall
be entitled to cast the number of votes equal to the product of (a) the number of whole shares of Class A Common Stock into which the
shares of Class B Common Stock held by such holder are convertible as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote
on such matter, multiplied by (b) five (5). Except as provided by law or by the other provisions of the Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation, holders of Class B Common Stock shall vote together with the holders of Class A Common Stock and Preferred
Stock as a single class. 

3. Optional
Conversion . The holders of the Class B Common Stock shall have conversion rights as follows (the Conversion Rights ): 

3.1 Right
to Convert . 

3.1.1 Conversion
Ratio . Each share of Class B Common Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to
time, and without the payment of additional consideration by the holder thereof, into one (1) share of Class A Common Stock. 

3.1.2 Termination
of Conversion Rights . In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or a Deemed Liquidation Event,
the Conversion Rights shall terminate at the close of business on the last full day preceding the date fixed for the payment of any such
amounts distributable on such event to the holders of Class B Common Stock. 

3.1.3 Definition .
Each of the following events shall be considered a Deemed Liquidation Event : 

(a) A
merger or consolidation in which: 

(i) The
Corporation is a constituent party; or 

(ii) A
subsidiary of the Corporation is a constituent party and the Corporation issues shares of its capital stock pursuant to such merger or
consolidation, 

except 
any such merger or consolidation involving the Corporation or a subsidiary in which the shares of capital stock of the Corporation
outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continue to represent, or are converted into or exchanged for shares
of capital stock that represent, immediately following such merger or consolidation, at least a majority, by voting power, of the
capital stock of (1) the surviving or resulting corporation, or (2) if the surviving or resulting corporation is a wholly owned
subsidiary of another corporation immediately following such merger or consolidation, the parent corporation of such surviving or
resulting corporation (provided that, for the purpose of this Subsection 3.1.3 , all shares of Common Stock issuable (x) upon
the exercise of rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire Convertible Securities (as defined
below) or Common Stock (collectively, Options outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation,
or (y) upon conversion of any evidences of indebtedness, shares or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or
exchangeable for Common Stock, but excluding Options Convertible Securities outstanding immediately prior to
such merger or consolidation shall be deemed to be outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation and, if applicable,
converted or exchanged in such merger or consolidation on the same terms as the actual outstanding shares of Common Stock are
converted or exchanged); or 

(b) the
sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, by the Corporation
or any subsidiary of the Corporation of all or substantially all the assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole,
or the sale or disposition (whether by merger or otherwise) of one or more subsidiaries of the Corporation if substantially all of the
assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole are held by such subsidiary or subsidiaries, except where such sale,
lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition is to a wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation. 

3.2 Mechanics
of Conversion . 

3.2.1 Notice
of Conversion . In order for a holder of Class B Common Stock to voluntarily convert shares of Class B Common Stock into shares of
Class A Common Stock, such holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates for such shares of Class B Common Stock (or, if such
registered holder alleges that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and agreement reasonably
acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the
alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate), at the office of the transfer agent for the Class B Common Stock (or at the
principal office of the Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent), together with written notice (a Conversion
Notice that such holder elects to convert all or any number of the shares of the Class B Common Stock represented by such
certificate or certificates and, if applicable, any event on which such conversion is contingent. If a registered holder of Class B Common
Stock holds such shares of Class B Common Stock in book-entry form, such holder need only deliver a Conversion Notice. The Conversion
Notice shall state (i) such holder s name, (ii) the names of the nominee (or nominees) in which such holder wishes the certificate
or certificates for shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued, (iii) the number of shares to be converted from Class B Common Stock
to Class A Common Stock, and (iv) any other information as reasonably required by the Corporation to effect such conversion. If required
by the Corporation, certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of
transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or his, her or its attorney duly authorized
in writing. The close of business on the date of receipt by the transfer agent (or by the Corporation if the Corporation serves as its
own transfer agent) of such certificates (or lost certificate affidavit and agreement) and notice shall be the time of conversion (the
 Conversion Time ), and the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares represented by such
certificate, or represented in book-entry form, as applicable, so elected to be converted in such notice shall be deemed to be outstanding
of record as of the Conversion Time. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after the Conversion Time, (y) issue and deliver to
such holder of Class B Common Stock, or to his, her or its nominees, evidence from the transfer agent (or the Corporation if the Corporation
serves as its own transfer agent) of such holder s book-entry shares of (1) Class A Common Stock issuable upon such conversion
in accordance with the provisions hereof and (2) Class B Common Stock held by such holder that were not converted into Class A Common
Stock, if any, and (z) pay all declared but unpaid dividends on the shares of Class B Common Stock converted. 

3.2.2 Reservation
of Shares . The Corporation shall at all times when the Class B Common Stock shall be outstanding, reserve and keep available out
of its authorized but unissued capital stock, for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Class B Common Stock, such number of
its duly authorized shares of Class A Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding
Class B Common Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock shall not be sufficient
to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Class B Common Stock, the Corporation shall take such corporate action
as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient
for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the requisite stockholder approval
of any necessary amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. 

3.2.3 Effect
of Conversion . All shares of Class B Common Stock which shall have been surrendered for conversion as herein provided shall no longer
be deemed to be outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares shall immediately cease and terminate at the Conversion Time,
except only the right of the holders thereof to receive shares of Class A Common Stock in exchange therefor and to receive payment of
any dividends declared but unpaid thereon. Any shares of Class B Common Stock so converted shall be retired and cancelled and may not
be reissued as shares of such series, and the Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate action (without the need for stockholder
action) as may be necessary to reduce the authorized number of shares of Class B Common Stock accordingly. 

3.2.4 Taxes .
The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other similar taxes that may be payable in respect of any issuance or delivery of shares
of Class A Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock pursuant to this Section 3 . The Corporation shall not,
however, be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of shares of
Class A Common Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of Class B Common Stock so converted were registered, and no such
issuance or delivery shall be made unless and until the person or entity requesting such issuance has paid to the Corporation the amount
of any such tax or has established, to the satisfaction of the Corporation, that such tax has been paid. 

3.3 Notice
of Record Date . In the event: 

(a)
the Corporation shall take a record of the holders of its Common Stock (or other capital stock or securities at the time issuable upon
conversion of the Class B Common Stock) for the purpose of entitling or enabling them to receive any dividend or other distribution,
or to receive any right to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or any other securities, or to receive
any other security; or 

(b) of
any capital reorganization of the Corporation, any reclassification of the Common Stock of the Corporation, or any Deemed Liquidation
Event; or 

(c) of
the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Corporation, 

then ,
and in each such case, the Corporation will send or cause to be sent to the holders of the Class B Common Stock a notice specifying,
as the case may be, (i) the record date for such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution
or right, or (ii) the effective date on which such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, transfer, dissolution, liquidation
or winding-up is proposed to take place, and the time, if any is to be fixed, as of which the holders of record of Common Stock (or such
other capital stock or securities at the time issuable upon the conversion of the Class B Common Stock) shall be entitled to exchange
their shares of Common Stock (or such other capital stock or securities) for securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, and the amount per share and character of
such exchange applicable to the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock. Such notice shall be sent at least ten (10) days prior
to the record date or effective date for the event specified in such notice. 

4. Mandatory
Conversion . 

4.1 Triggering
Events . In the event a holder of Class B Common Stock sells, assigns, gives, pledges, hypothecates, encumbers or otherwise transfers
(each, a Transfer any or all of its shares of Class B Common Stock to any third party, then (a) all outstanding
shares of Class B Common Stock subject to such Transfer shall automatically be converted into shares of Class A Common Stock, and (b)
such shares may not be reissued by the Corporation; provided , however , that such shares of Class B Common Stock shall not
automatically be converted into shares of Class A Common Stock as set forth in this Subsection 4.1 if (i) the Transfer of the
Class B Common Stock is to an existing holder of Class B Common Stock, (ii) the Transfer of the Class B Common Stock is for bona fide
estate planning purposes by the holder thereof to his or her issue, or to a trustee or trustees of a trust, or such trust, whose vested
beneficiaries then include any member or members of such holder s immediate family, or (iii) the Board determines that such Transfer
shall not trigger such mandatory conversion. The date and time of such Transfer is referred to herein as the Mandatory Conversion
Time . 

4.2
 Procedural Requirements . All holders of record of shares of Class B Common Stock that will automatically convert upon a Transfer
shall be sent written notice of the Mandatory Conversion Time pursuant to this Section 4 . Such notice need not be sent in advance
of the occurrence of the Mandatory Conversion Time. Upon receipt of such notice, each holder of shares of Class B Common Stock in certificated
form shall surrender his, her or its certificate or certificates for all such shares (or, if such holder alleges that such certificate
has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and agreement reasonably acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify
the Corporation against any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such
certificate) to the Corporation at the place designated in such notice. If so required by the Corporation, any certificates surrendered
for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation,
duly executed by the registered holder or by his, her or its attorney duly authorized in writing. All rights with respect to the Class
B Common Stock converted pursuant to Subsection 4.1 , including the rights, if any, to receive notices and vote (other than as
a holder of Class A Common Stock), will terminate at the Mandatory Conversion Time (notwithstanding the failure of the holder or holders
thereof to surrender any certificates at or prior to such time), except only the rights of the holders thereof, upon surrender of any
certificate or certificates of such holders (or lost certificate affidavit and agreement) therefor, to receive the items provided for
in the next sentence of this Subsection 4.2 . As soon as practicable after the Mandatory Conversion Time and, if applicable, the
surrender of any certificate or certificates (or lost certificate affidavit and agreement) for Class B Common Stock, the Corporation
shall (a) issue and deliver to such holder, or to his, her or its nominees, evidence from the transfer agent (or the Corporation if the
Corporation serves as its own transfer agent) of such holder s book-entry shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon such conversion
in accordance with the provisions hereof and (b) pay cash with respect to any declared but unpaid dividends on the shares of Class B
Common Stock converted. Such converted Class B Common Stock shall be retired and cancelled and may not be reissued as shares of such
series, and the Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate action (without the need for stockholder action) as may be necessary
to reduce the authorized number of shares of Class B Common Stock accordingly. 

5. Acquired
Shares . Any shares of Class B Common Stock that are acquired by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries shall be automatically
and immediately cancelled and retired and shall not be reissued, sold or transferred. Neither the Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries
may exercise any voting or other rights granted to the holders of Class B Common Stock. 

6. Waiver .
Any of the rights, powers, preferences and other terms of the Class B Common Stock set forth herein may be waived on behalf of all holders
of Class B Common Stock by the affirmative written consent or vote of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of Class B Common
Stock then outstanding or such greater percentage of holders of Class B Common Stock as may be expressly required in the Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation. 

7. Notices .
Any notice required or permitted by the provisions of this Article VI to be given to a holder of shares of Class B Common Stock
shall be mailed, postage prepaid, to the post office address last shown on the records of the Corporation, or given by electronic communication
in compliance with the provisions of the NRS, and shall be deemed sent upon such mailing or electronic transmission. 

D. PREFERRED
 STOCK. 

1. The
Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more series at such time or times and for such consideration or considerations as the Board of
Directors of the Corporation may determine. Each series of Preferred Stock shall be so designated as to distinguish the shares thereof
from the shares of all other series and classes. Except as otherwise provided in the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation,
different series of Preferred Stock shall not be construed to constitute different classes of shares for the purpose of voting by classes. 

2.
The Board is expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of all or any shares of the Preferred Stock in one or more series, each
with such designations, preferences, voting powers (or no voting powers), relative, participating, optional or other special rights and
privileges and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions adopted by
the Board to create such series, and a certificate of designation shall be filed in accordance with the NRS. The authority of the Board
with respect to each such series shall include, without limitation of the foregoing, the right to provide that the shares of each such
series may: (i) have such distinctive designation and consist of such number of shares; (ii) be subject to redemption at such time or
times and at such price or prices; (iii) be entitled to the benefit of a retirement or sinking fund for the redemption of such series
on such terms and in such amounts; (iv) be entitled to receive dividends (which may be cumulative or non-cumulative) at such rates, on
such conditions, and at such times, and payable in preference to, or in such relation to, the dividends payable on any other class or
classes or any other series of stock; (v) be entitled to such rights upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the affairs, or upon any distribution of the assets of the Corporation in preference to, or in such relation to, any other class
or classes or any other series of stock; (vi) be convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or classes or any other
series of stock at such price or prices or at such rates of exchange and with such adjustments, if any; (vii) be entitled to the benefit
of such conditions, limitations or restrictions, if any, on the creation of indebtedness, the issuance of additional shares of such series
or shares of any other series of Preferred Stock, the amendment of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or the Bylaws,
each as amended and then in effect, of the Corporation, the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions on, or the purchase,
redemption or other acquisition by the Corporation of, any other class or classes or series of stock, or any other corporate action;
or (viii) be entitled to such other preferences, powers (including voting power), qualifications, rights and privileges, all as the Board
may deem advisable and as are not inconsistent with law and the provisions of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. 

Pursuant
to NRS 78.385 and NRS 78.390, and any successor statutory provisions, the Board is authorized to adopt a resolution to increase, decrease,
add, remove or otherwise alter any current or additional classes or series of this Corporation s capital stock by a Board resolution
amending these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, in the Board s sole discretion for increases or decreases of any
class or series of authorized stock where applicable pursuant to NRS 78.207 and any successor statutory provision. Pursuant to NRS 78.2055
and any successor statutory provisions, the Board is authorized to adopt a resolution to decrease the number of issued and outstanding
shares of a class or series without correspondingly decreasing the number of authorized shares of the same class or series and without
the approval of the stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where any shares of any class or series would be materially and adversely
affected by a change as described in either of the two preceding sentences, stockholder approval by the holders of at least a majority
of such adversely affected shares must also be obtained before filing an amendment with the Office of the Secretary of State of Nevada.
The capital stock of this Corporation shall be non-assessable and shall not be subject to assessment to pay the debts of the Corporation. 

Section
2. Consideration for Shares . Shares of capital stock shall be issued for such consideration as shall be fixed from time to
time by the Board. In the absence of fraud, the judgment of the Board as to the value of any property or services received in full or
partial payment for shares of capital stock shall be conclusive. When shares of capital stock are issued upon payment of the consideration
fixed by the Board, such shares shall be taken to be fully paid and non-assessable stock. 

Section
3. Stock Rights and Options . The Corporation shall have the power to create and issue rights, warrants or options entitling
the holders thereof to purchase from the Corporation any shares of its capital stock of any class or classes, upon such terms and
conditions and at such time and prices as the Board or a committee thereof may approve, which terms and conditions shall be
incorporated in an instrument or instruments evidencing such rights, warrants or options. In the absence of fraud, the judgment of
the Board or a committee thereof as to the adequacy of consideration for the issuance of such rights, warrants or options and the
sufficiency thereof shall be conclusive. 

Section
4. No Additional Rights . No holder of shares of capital stock of any class shall be entitled as a matter of right to
subscribe for or purchase or receive any part of any new or additional issue of shares of stock of any class, or of securities
convertible into shares of stock of any class, whether now hereafter authorized or whether issued for money, for consideration other
than money, or by way of dividend. 

ARTICLE
VII. 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

The
number of directors of the Corporation shall be as determined from time to time pursuant to the provisions of the Corporation s
Bylaws, except that at no time shall there be less than one director. Unless and except to the extent that the Bylaws of the Corporation,
as amended, shall so require, the election of the Directors of the Corporation need not be by written ballot. 

ARTICLE
VIII. 
PLACE OF MEETINGS; CORPORATE BOOKS 

Subject
to the laws of the state of Nevada, the stockholders and the Board shall have power to hold their meetings and to maintain the books
of the Corporation outside the state of Nevada, at such place or places as may from time to time be designated in the Corporation s
Bylaws or by appropriate resolution. 

ARTICLE
IX. 
LIMITED LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS 

To
the fullest extent permitted under the NRS, as amended from time to time, no director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to
the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for any act or omission as a director, provided that this provision shall not
eliminate or limit the liability of a director for any breach of the director s fiduciary duty to the Corporation or its stockholders,
which breach involves intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law. The Corporation shall pay advancements of expenses
in advance of the final disposition of the action, suit, or proceedings upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director
or officer to repay the amount even if it is ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation. 

If
the NRS is hereafter amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then
the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the NRS, as so amended.
Any amendment, repeal or modification of the this Article IX shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the
Corporation hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, repeal or modification. 

ARTICLE
X. 
AMENDMENT OF ARTICLES 

The
provisions of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation may be amended, altered or repealed from time to time to the extent
and in the manner prescribed by the laws of the state of Nevada, and additional provisions authorized by such laws as are then in force
may be added. All rights herein conferred on the directors, officers and stockholders are granted subject to this reservation. 

ARTICLE
XI. 
TRANSACTIONS WITH STOCKHOLDERS, DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS; RESTRICTIONS ON CONTROL SHARES 

Section
1. Combinations With Interested Stockholders . The Corporation elects not to be governed by the provisions of Section 78.411
through Section 78.444, inclusive, of the NRS, relating to combinations with interested stockholders and any and all successor statutes. 

Section
2. Transactions with Interested Directors or Officers . Except as forbidden by law or by these Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation, no transaction of the Corporation with any other person, firm or corporation, or in which the Corporation is interested,
will be affected or invalidated by the fact that the common directorship, office or financial interest is not known to the director or
officer at the time the transaction is brought before the Board for action, so long as the transaction is duly approved. 

Section
3. Acquisition of Controlling Interest . The Corporation elects not to be governed by the provisions of Section 78.378 through
Section 78.3793, inclusive, of the NRS, restricting the ability of control shareholders to vote their shares under certain
circumstances and any and all successor statutes. 

FOURTH :
The vote by which the stockholders holding shares in the corporation entitling them to exercise at least a majority of the voting
power, or such greater proportion of the voting power as requires in the case of a vote by classes or series, or as may be required
by the provisions of the articles of incorporation have voted in favor of the amendment is approximately 53.47 . 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned authorized officer of the Corporation has executed these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation,
certifying that the facts herein stated are true, this 9th day of February, 2023. 

By: 
 /s/
 Ross Sklar 

Name: 
 Ross
 Sklar 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-10.25>
 3
 ex10-25.htm

Exhibit
10.25 

CERTAIN
INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT 10.1 BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (i) NOT MATERIAL AND (ii) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM
TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH REDACTED INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED ON A SUPPLEMENTAL BASIS TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST 

BRAND
LICENSE AGREEMENT 

This
License Agreement Agreement ), effective January 24, 2022 is entered into by Starco Brands, Inc. (hereinafter LICENSOR and Temperance Distilling Company (hereinafter LICENSEE ). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS,
Starco Brands creates, develops and owns brands, trade names and marketing data of consumer and commercial products, and; 

WHEREAS,
Temperance Distilling Company is a developer and manufacturer of consumer beverage and spirits products; 

WHEREAS,
LICENSEE desires and LICENSOR agrees to allow LICENSEE to manufacture and sell Licensed Brands throughout the Territory as provided in
this Agreement. 

Now
therefore, in consideration of the foregoing provisions which are incorporated herein by reference and made part hereof, the mutual and
several representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, LICENSOR and LICENSEE hereby agree as follows: 

1. Definitions 

a. Licensed
 Brands shall mean certain intellectual property, including the particular trademarks,
 service marks, copyrights, Internet domain names, social network user/profile names identified
 in Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference. Brands can be added to
 Exhibit A from time to time with the written mutual consent of the Parties; 

b. Licensed
 Products shall mean the goods and/or services identified in Exhibit B attached hereto
 and incorporated herein by reference; 

c. Market 
 shall mean the retail and commercial markets and channels of trade in which the Licensed
 Brands may be sold, including, all general retail, general wholesale and big- box stores,
 and the like; 

d. Territory 
 shall mean the world. 

2. Terms 

a. Grant
 of Non-Exclusive License in Licensed Brands 

LICENSOR
hereby grants to LICENSEE, subject to the terms and conditions herein, the non-exclusive, non-transferable, right, privilege and license
to make, have made, use, sell, have sold, advertise, distribute and have distributed the Licensed Brands in connection with the Licensed
Products in the Market and within the Territory. Other than the Licensed Products, all other goods and services of any kind, based on
or incorporating, or provided with or under any of the Licensed Brands, or in any manner identifying or mentioning LICENSOR, are expressly
excluded from the rights licensed to LICENSEE pursuant to this License Agreement. All rights not expressly granted to LICENSEE by this
License Agreement are expressly reserved to LICENSOR 

b. Term
 of License 

This
Agreement shall become effective upon the date first above written, and shall remain in effect until midnight, December 31, 2032 unless
sooner terminated according to the terms of this Agreement. 

The
previous paragraph notwithstanding, it is understood between both LICENSEE and LICENSOR that prior to the execution of this Agreement
transactions involving the Licensed Brands did occur. It is agreed that this Agreement will retroactively apply to those transactions
and the Royalties due for those transactions will be calculated and paid by LICENSEE within 60 days of execution of this Agreement. 

3. Supervision
 and Approval 

a. LICENSEE
 will use Licensed Brand only in the manner authorized by this License Agreement. 

b. All
 Licensed Products manufactured and sold hereunder, as well as all labels, packaging, catalogs,
 brochures, advertising, websites, social network pages, and other forms of publicity, shall
 be created and designed to be of uniform high quality so as to protect and preserve the image
 and goodwill that are associated by the public with LICENSOR, and LICENSEE shall conduct
 its business in accordance with and to protect such image and goodwill under this License
 Agreement. 

c. All
 Licensed Products developed, manufactured and sold hereunder, and all labels, packaging,
 catalogs, brochures, advertising and other forms of publicity material for the Licensed Products,
 shall be subject to LICENSOR s written approval in advance of use, marketing or sale.
 Without cost to LICENSOR, LICENSEE shall submit to LICENSOR, for its inspection and approval,
 a reasonable number of pre-production samples of each Licensed Product, prior to any use,
 marketing, advertising, sale or other distribution to the public. 

d. After
 approval by LICENSOR, without cost to LICENSOR, LICENSEE shall submit to LICENSOR for its
 inspection and approval, at least one (1) final production sample of each Licensed Product
 (as well as labels, packaging, catalogs, brochures, advertising and other forms of publicity
 material for the Licensed Products) prior to any use, marketing, advertising, sale or other
 distribution to the public. LICENSEE shall not manufacture, distribute, market and/or sell
 any Licensed Product, label, packaging or advertisement depicting or incorporating the Licensed
 Brands, until LICENSEE has received LICENSOR s written approval of the final samples. 

e. The
 right of prior approval shall be at LICENSOR s sole discretion, which shall act in
 good faith, and approval in writing shall be a condition of the right to exercise the grant
 of license hereunder. LICENSEE shall not materially depart from any approved sample without
 first obtaining LICENSOR s prior written consent. LICENSEE s failure to cure
 to LICENSOR s reasonable satisfaction, any material deviation from any approved sample
 shall constitute LICENSOR s material breach by of this License Agreement. 

f. All
 materials submitted for approval to LICENSOR, in a language other than English, will be accompanied
 by a complete and accurate English translation. 

g. If
 LICENSOR participated in either the design or modification of a product which becomes (after
 LICENSOR s written approval) a Licensed Product under this License Agreement, LICENSEE
 (and any affiliated company) shall not thereafter distribute or sale that product without
 the Licensed Brands, unless LICENSEE obtains LICENSOR s prior written approval. 

h. LICENSOR
 shall have the right to inspect LICENSEE s manufacturing and business premises for
 the sole purpose of ensuring that Licensed Property and the quality of the Licensed Products
 are satisfactory. LICENSEE will permit a duly authorized representative of LICENSOR to perform
 such inspection during normal business hours upon reasonable notice for the purpose of ascertaining
 or determining compliance with this provision no more frequently than annually. LICENSOR
 will notify LICENSEE at least Fifteen (15) Days in advance of any requested inspection date.
 All communication, verbal and written, will be conducted through LICENSEE during the Term
 of this License Agreement and for a period of three years thereafter. All information regarding
 the manufacturer is considered to be valuable and therefore confidential between LICENSEE
 and LICENSOR. 

i. LICENSEE
 shall ensure that all Licensed Products, packaging and advertising therefore, and the form,
 quality and standard of all materials used in the connection with the Licensed Products,
 conform to that of the samples approved in writing by LICENSOR pursuant to this License Agreement
 and comply with all laws and regulations and industry standards relevant to the Licensed
 Products and packaging and advertising for them, including, but not limited to, relevant
 laws and regulations concerning the manufacture, distribution, sale or promotion or labeling
 or marking of such Licensed Products and packaging and advertising for them. 

j. In
 addition to the standards required above, LICENSEE acknowledges the great value of the goodwill
 associated with the Licensed Property and the worldwide recognition thereof, and LICENSEE
 agrees that it will not use the Licensed Brands in any manner which, directly or indirectly,
 would demean, ridicule or otherwise tarnish the reputation or image of LICENSOR or the Licensed
 Brands. Without limiting the foregoing, (i) all Licensed Products shall in all respects be
 manufactured, marketed and distributed in a manner consistent with the high quality standards
 and image of LICENSOR, and (ii) LICENSEE shall not permit the manufacture, marketing or distribution
 of any Licensed Product that represent, depict or promote (a) the glorification of violence,
 including but not limited to any representations of gang- or terrorist-related imagery, firearms
 or explosive devices, (b) religious beliefs, including but not limited to any religious iconography
 or any image commonly associated with any religious organization or cult, or (c) any political
 content or (d) tobacco or drug use. 

k. LICENSEE
 recognizes and acknowledges that the Licensed Brands, and all elements thereof, and the goodwill
 associated with the Licensed Products and the Licensed brands are material and substantial
 business assets of LICENSOR. In that connection, LICENSEE agrees that it will sell the Licensed
 Product in the Territory during the Term and during any Sell-Off Period at a price which,
 in its reasonable, good faith business judgment, represents the best attainable price for
 such Licensed Product. 

l. LICENSOR
 and LICENSEE shall meaningfully consult with each other throughout the Term of this License
 Agreement. The purpose of such consultation will be to discuss methods and strategies to
 develop, promote and expand the Licensed Brands for the mutual benefit of LICENSOR, LICENSEE
 and LICENSEE s customers with respect to the Licensed Brands and Licensed Products.
 To attain this mutual goal of the Parties, LICENSOR, or its designees, agrees to meet in
 person or via video throughout the calendar year, in conformity with mutually agreed upon
 schedules, with LICENSEE, or its designees, to discuss merchandise, marketing, and advertising
 plans and to solicit input and ideas from LICENSOR or its designees. 

4. Ownership 

a. To
 the best of LICENSOR s knowledge, the Licensed Brands, as currently constituted, is
 identified in the attached Exhibit A and is acknowledged to be valid, enforceable and owned
 by LICENSOR. Upon creation, use, publication, broadcast or performance, whichever occurs
 first, all intellectual property rights in the Licensed Product, packaging and advertising
 for it, including but not limited to trademarks, Internet domain names, copyrights, industrial
 designs, trade dress and patents, shall be automatically deemed to be included in the definition
 and identification of Licensed Brands, without the need to physically amend Exhibit A. As
 between LICENSOR, LICENSEE and LICENSEE s employees, agents, vendors or any other third
 party acting at LICENSEE s request or direction, LICENSOR exclusively owns all current
 and future versions of Licensed Brands and all intellectual property rights therein, including
 any and all patents. During the Term of this License Agreement and thereafter, LICENSEE shall
 not dispute or contest, directly or indirectly, LICENSOR s ownership of, and exclusive
 right to use and license Licensed Brands (with the exception of LICENSOR s assertion
 of rights or use which would interfere with LICENSEE s licensed rights under this License
 Agreement). This does not pertain to any existing product or design that LICENSOR requests
 LICENSEE to include in the LICENSEE s product line, provided that LICENSOR did not
 participate in either the design or modification of the existing product or design 

b. During
 and after the Term, at LICENSOR s request and sole expense, LICENSEE will assist and
 cooperate, and to the extent possible, will cause all of its employees and agents, consultants,
 contractors, subcontractors and manufacturers, to assist and cooperate in all reasonable
 respects with LICENSOR regarding its ownership of Licensed Brands, including, without limitation,
 by executing documents (including assignments required by this Agreement), by giving testimony,
 and taking such further acts reasonably requested by LICENSOR to acquire, transfer and assign
 to LICENSOR, maintain, perfect and enforce all copyright, trademark, Internet domain names,
 industrial design, patent, trade secret, trade dress, contract rights and other intellectual
 property protection for the Licensed Brands. If LICENSEE fails to comply with any of the
 obligations set forth in this article, as to LICENSEE itself, within Fifteen (15) Days of
 LICENSOR s good faith written request, LICENSEE hereby appoints LICENSOR s officers
 as its attorney-in-fact (which appointment is irrevocable and coupled with an interest) solely
 for the purpose of executing documents on behalf of LICENSEE for this limited purpose; provided,
 however, that LICENSOR will indemnify and hold harmless LICENSEE for actual and direct damages
 resulting from LICENSOR s knowingly making a material misstatement in connection with
 its exercise of such power of attorney. 

c. Upon
 LICENSOR s written request, LICENSEE shall provide, in writing to LICENSOR, the date
 of first use and/or first publication of each Licensed Product, packaging, insert and/or
 advertisement therefore, distributed, sold or published pursuant to this License Agreement
 in each country of the Territory, together with at least one copy of legible and accurate
 documentation evidencing the first sale or shipment of such Licensed Product in such country.
 In addition, LICENSEE shall submit to LICENSOR at the beginning of each selling season, a
 statement describing the Licensed Products being offered for sale in each country within
 the Territory. This does not pertain to any existing product or design that LICENSOR requests
 LICENSEE to include in the LICENSEE s product line, provided that LICENSOR did not
 participate in either the design or modification of the existing product or design. 

d. LICENSEE
 will obtain written agreements from, and include in its agreements with each of its contractors,
 subcontractors, suppliers, consultants and vendors with respect to any and all Licensed Products
 requiring that, upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, each will not use any proprietary
 tooling or equipment to manufacture any goods which infringe the intellectual property rights
 in the Licensed Product and packaging therefore. LICENSEE shall provide to LICENSOR, for
 LICENSOR s written approval (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) prior to being
 proposed revealed, or submitted to any third party, each proposal, letter of intent and oral
 and written agreement relating to Licensed Product. LICENSEE shall not, without LICENSOR s
 prior written consent, expressly or implicitly authorize any third party to represent that
 it represents LICENSOR or that it represents the owner of Licensed Brands, or is authorized
 by, or on behalf of LICENSOR to take any action regarding the Licensed Brands or has any
 rights in or with respect to the Licensed Brands. This does not pertain to any existing product
 or design that LICENSOR requests LICENSEE to include in the LICENSEE s product line,
 provided that LICENSOR did not participate in either the design or modification of the existing
 product or design. 

e. If
 this Agreement, in whole or in part, is terminated prior to the expiration of the Term, or
 upon expiration of the License Agreement, LICENSOR, at its sole option and discretion, exercisable
 within Sixty (60) Days following such expiration or termination, may, by written notice to
 LICENSEE, require LICENSEE and its subcontractors and manufacturers to destroy any or all
 physical materials, tangible tools, molds and printing plates used solely in the development
 or production of the Licensed Products and/or its packaging, created pursuant to this License
 Agreement and not returned to LICENSOR (the Production Materials ). If such
 option is exercised, upon LICENSOR s request, LICENSEE shall promptly provide to LICENSOR
 satisfactory evidence of the destruction of any or all Production Materials, and LICENSOR
 shall have the right at any time, upon reasonable notice, to enter the premises where the
 Licensed Products (or their components) are stored or manufactured (to the extent such premises
 are owned or controlled by LICENSEE) to take inventory and/or witness the destruction of
 any Production Materials. LICENSEE shall not have any obligation to destroy or cause the
 destruction of any Production Materials that can be used by LICENSEE without infringing or
 otherwise violating any of LICENSOR s rights. As an alternative to destruction, LICENSOR
 may, within said Sixty (60) Day period, by written notice to LICENSEE or directly to any
 of its subcontractors or manufacturers, offer to purchase said molds, plates and the like,
 used exclusively for Licensed Product or packaging or advertising therefore, at either the
 owner s actual cost or at some price agreed upon between LICENSOR and the owner of
 such item. 

f. All
 Licensed Product design, consumer marketing material, production material or other work of
 authorship, including but not limited to plans, models, drawings, graphic artwork, photographs,
 video and audio recordings, copy, reports (all regardless of medium), and improvements of
 and modifications to one or more of the Licensed Products, that incorporate the Licensed
 Brands and are created or developed by any of LICENSEE s employees (all of the foregoing
 materials are individually and collectively referred to as the Copyright Materials ),
 shall be prepared as an employee for hire of LICENSEE under LICENSEE s sole supervision,
 responsibility and monetary obligation and shall be on a work for hire basis
 within the meaning of the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, as amended. The rights in and to Copyright
 Materials shall be assigned by LICENSEE to LICENSOR. Prior to, and as a condition of retaining
 any third party, who is not an employee of LICENSEE, to assist with or contribute to the
 development, authorship or creation of any Copyright Materials, or any part thereof, LICENSEE
 will obtain from such third party a written executed acknowledgment that all such materials
 are created for LICENSEE as works made for hire, and alternatively assigning all right, title
 and interest in such materials and to the intellectual property rights, including copyrights,
 to LICENSOR. This does not pertain to any existing product or design that LICENSOR requests
 LICENSEE to include in the LICENSEE S product line, provided that LICENSOR did not
 participate in either the design or modification of the existing product or design. 

g. During
 and after expiration or earlier termination of this License Agreement, LICENSEE shall neither
 acquire nor assert trademark ownership, copyright ownership, inventorship or patent ownership,
 or (other than the licensed rights under this License Agreement) any other intellectual property
 or proprietary right in the Licensed Brands. LICENSEE shall contractually obligate its employees,
 and contractually obligate all agents, consultants, contractors, and other entities with
 whom it contracts relative to the creation or design of Licensed Brands, and/or each creation,
 design, modification, improvement or manufacture of Licensed Product, Licensed Brands and/or
 Copyright Material, to assign to LICENSOR, all right, title and interest which LICENSEE or
 any such other employee, agent or entity of LICENSEE may have in the Licensed Brands, Licensed
 Product or any Copyright Materials heretofore or hereafter created, and to waive and agree
 not to assert against LICENSOR or LICENSEE, any and all moral rights which
 such person may have in, or with respect to the Licensed Brands, Licensed Product and/or
 any Copyright Materials, to the extent permitted by applicable law. LICENSOR s right
 to such assignment includes, without limitation, LICENSOR s right and authority to
 (a) obtain any and all intellectual property registrations, including, but not limited to,
 patents, Internet domain names and industrial design registrations therein in LICENSOR s
 name; and (b) to sell, distribute or license such Licensed Brands: (i) outside the Territory,
 during the Term, for Licensed Products exclusively licensed to LICENSEE; (ii) anywhere in
 the Universe for products not licensed to LICENSEE or non-exclusively licensed to LICENSEE
 in this License Agreement; and (iii) anywhere in the Universe for Licensed Products upon
 expiration or earlier termination of this License Agreement. This does not pertain to any
 existing product or design that LICENSOR requests LICENSEE to include in the LICENSEE S
 product line, provided that LICENSOR did not participate in either the design or modification
 of the existing product or design. 

h. Nothing
 contained in this Agreement shall give LICENSEE any right, title or interest in or to the
 Licensed Brands except for the rights expressly licensed by this License Agreement, and subject
 to its terms and conditions. LICENSEE shall not make any representation or do any act which
 may reasonably be taken to indicate that it owns the Licensed Brands, or owns any rights
 in the Licensed Brands other than the rights to use Licensed Brands licensed by this License
 Agreement. 

i. LICENSEE,
 on behalf of itself, its employees, agents and contractors, irrevocably transfers and assigns
 to LICENSOR, and waives and agrees never to assert, any and all Moral Rights 
 which LICENSEE, or its, or their respective employees, agents, or LICENSEE s contractors,
 subcontractors and/or manufacturers, may have in, or with respect to, the Licensed Brands
 and/or any Copyright Materials to the extent permitted by applicable law. 

j. LICENSEE
 recognizes the great value of the goodwill associated with the Licensed Brands and acknowledges
 that such goodwill therein is, and will be exclusively owned by LICENSOR. Any and all goodwill
 arising from LICENSEE s use of the Licensed Brands pursuant to this License Agreement,
 and any goodwill associated or hereafter created or acquired in the Licensed Products, is
 and will be owned by LICENSOR, and/or will inure to LICENSOR s sole benefit. 

k. Subject
 to the terms of this License Agreement, LICENSOR shall have the sole unrestricted right after
 termination of the License Agreement to exploit (including but not limited to the right to
 use, manufacture and license to third parties) any Licensed Brands and/or design used and/or
 created under the Agreement, in LICENSOR s sole discretion, in any manner in perpetuity
 in any and all media throughout the world whether now known or hereafter devised with no
 further obligation whatsoever to LICENSEE, or any third party. At LICENSOR s sole cost
 and expense, and upon LICENSOR s reasonable request and prior notice to LICENSEE, upon
 the expiration and/or earlier termination of this License Agreement, LICENSEE will provide
 the necessary access during regular business hours to enable LICENSOR to duplicate any such
 Licensed Product or design. This does not pertain to any existing product or design that
 LICENSOR requests LICENSEE to include in the LICENSEE s product line, provided that
 LICENSOR did not participate in either the design or modification of the existing product
 or design. 

5. Consideration
 for License 

a. Royalties 

LICENSEE
shall pay LICENSOR based on the following model: 

Royalties
shall be the LICENSEE s Net Unit Sales of the Licensed Products Royalties ). The term Net
Unit Sales shall mean the gross invoiced unit sales of the Licensed Products less (i) LICENSEE s Costs of the Licensed Products
(as defined below) and (ii) discounts, allowances, freight and applicable taxes and other expenses mutually agreed to from time to time. 

Royalties
shall accrue upon invoicing when the Licensed Products are first sold and delivered by LICENSEE. LICENSEE shall pay to LICENSOR in US
currency the Royalties due on all Licensed Products for which payment has been received in each calendar month by the 15th day of the
subsequent month. LICENSEE shall provide a written royalty report to LICENSOR detailing the customer, unit sales of Licensed Products,
sale price, sale total, amount received, any discounts and/or allowances and other expenses deducted used to calculate the Royalties
due with each payment of Royalties. 

The
LICENSEE will manufacture or may subcontract the manufacture of the Licensed Products and earn a [REDACTED] [REDACTED] percent gross margin on its cost of goods based on GAAP and the costing model attached in Exhibit B, said costs of goods sold and [REDACTED]
 [REDACTED] percent gross margin thereon being referred to herein as LICENSEE s Costs . LICENSEE s
Costs will not be updated more frequently than quarterly and may change only with LICENSEE and LICENSOR s joint approval. 

The
LICENSEE may sell Licensed Products to distributors at varying prices. Therefore, Royalties on any given Licensed Product may fluctuate
depending on the price for which the Licensed Product is sold in any given distribution channel as well as upon changes in the LICENSEE S
Costs in accordance with the preceding paragraph. As an example only, if the LICENSEE sells Licensed Products to a distributor for a
gross invoiced price of [REDACTED] per unit and the LICENSEE s Cost in manufacturing the Licensed Product is [REDACTED]
 per unit, then the Royalty on those Licensed Products is [REDACTED] per unit less applicable discounts, allowances, freight,
taxes or other approved expenses. If LICENSEE later sells more of those Licensed Products to a distributor for a gross invoiced price
of [REDACTED] per unit and the LICENSEE s Cost in manufacturing has increased to [REDACTED] per unit, then the
Royalty on those Licensed Products is [REDACTED] per unit less applicable discounts, allowances, freight, taxes or other approved
expenses. 

LICENSEE
and LICENSOR acknowledge and agree that the initial production run for the products will incur higher costs due to higher costs of materials
and additional labor needed to complete the initial production run. Costs used for the Initial Production Run are found on Exhibit C.
The difference between costs shown in Exhibit B and Exhibit C will be reconciled as additional funds due to LICENSEE. 

The
way the LICENSEE costs the product must be provided to the LICENSOR in full transparency. At the LICENSOR S election, the LICENSOR
may use a third party to audit, at its expense, the costs and expenses used by LICENSEE in its determination of LICENSEE s Cost
as well as its calculation of Royalties. 

6. Records 

LICENSEE
shall keep full, clear, and accurate records with respect to sales of Licensed Products. Reporting will include the number of units by
container size of Licensed Products sold in each reporting period. Upon reasonable notice, LICENSOR, at its expense, may have an independent
auditor examine, audit and certify such records as it relates to the Licensed Products covered by this agreement during normal business
hours, but not more than twice per year. 

LICENSEE
shall make prompt adjustment to compensate for any errors or omissions disclosed by any such examination and certification of LICENSEE s
records. If the results of the audit results in an adjustment greater than 5 , LICENSEE will reimburse LICENSOR for the cost of the audit.
All amounts due will be payable within 10 days of the acceptance of the audit plus an imputed interest payment of 8 from when the amounts
would have been due. 

7 . Reimbursement
 of Expenses 

LICENSOR
agrees to reimburse LICENSEE for any incurred expenses, marketing or otherwise, that are preapproved by LICENSOR. These expenses will
be submitted by LICENSEE to LICENSOR each month for approval, and may be deduced from monthly Royalty payments if approved by LICENSOR. 

8 . Mutual
 Indemnification 

LICENSEE
and LICENSOR shall mutually keep, save, protect, defend, indemnify and hold each other harmless from and against any and all reasonable
costs, claims, expenses, reasonable attorneys fees, damages or deficiencies Losses incurred or sustained by the
other party arising from manufacturer defects or breach of terms of this Agreement and from and against any and all claims for damages
and/or injury, including claims in product liability, patent infringement, regulatory, governmental, and any other torts brought by any
party anywhere and as may arise from the manufacture, use, sale, marketing or distribution of any Licensed Product herein, pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement. LICENSOR s indemnification under this Section shall be apportioned and limited to only the portion
of, and extent that, such Losses are, or are claimed to be, proximately caused by or attributable specifically to LICENSEE S use
of Licensed Brands in a manner permitted by this License Agreement. 

The
Parties agree that the indemnity obligations under this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

9 . Registration,
 Preservation and Protection of Licensed Brands 

a. All
 registrations for intellectual property in the Licensed Brands, packaging and marketing materials
 for them, are to be applied for and obtained exclusively in LICENSOR s name and at
 LICENSOR s sole cost and expense. LICENSEE shall not file any intellectual property
 applications or seek any registration thereof in the Licensed Brands (including Internet
 domain names and social network user/profile names), Licensed Products or packaging or advertising
 material therefor, or any derivations, improvements, variations or modification thereof,
 without LICENSOR s prior written approval. 

b. LICENSOR
 may, but is not required to, seek, obtain and maintain, in its own name, such intellectual
 property protection for the Licensed Brands in the Territory, which LICENSOR, in its sole
 discretion, believes to be appropriate and financially sound. It is expressly agreed that
 such costs and expenses associated with the registration, preservation, and protection of
 the Licensed Brands shall be solely borne by the LICENSOR. 

c. Any
 action taken by LICENSEE to enforce the Licensed Brands against infringers, including notice
 of infringement or the institution of legal proceedings, shall be subject to the prior written
 approval of LICENSOR. LICENSOR shall not be obligated to take any such action, and any decision
 to take such action by LICENSOR, and the conduct of any such action taken, shall be entirely
 within the discretion and control of LICENSOR. LICENSEE shall cooperate fully with LICENSOR
 in any such action LICENSOR may choose to take in this regard, without any compensation to
 LICENSEE. 

10. Termination 

This
Agreement may be terminated immediately under and according to any of the following: 

a. By
 written agreement of the Parties; 

b. Immediately,
 by either Party upon the material breach of the Agreement by the other Party and the failure
 by the breaching Party to cure said breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of notice
 from the non-breaching Party specifying the breach. ; 

c. If
 LICENSEE shall go into receivership, bankruptcy, or insolvency, or make an assignment for
 the benefit of creditors, or go out of business, this Agreement shall be immediately terminable
 by LICENSOR by immediate written notice (without right to cure), but without prejudice to
 any rights of such other Party; 

d. Upon
 the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, LICENSEE shall
 have the right to continue to sell in the Territory its existing inventory of Licensed Products
 previously made, on hand, and in stock (hereinafter referred to as the Sell Off 
 rights or Sell Off terms which are in compliance with the quality control
 provisions and written approvals by LICENSOR as provided for in this Agreement, on a non-exclusive
 basis, subject to all of the provisions of this Agreement, for a period of Six (6) Months
 following such expiration or earlier termination (the Sell Off period ), if
 LICENSEE, within twenty (20) Days of expiration or earlier termination, delivers to LICENSOR
 a complete schedule of its inventory of the Licensed Product in stock and on hand on the
 expiration date or date of earlier termination. ,LICENSEE shall continue to pay royalties
 on all Licensed Product sold during the Sell-Off period. 

e. LICENSEE
 acknowledges that a failure (except as otherwise expressly provided herein) to cease the
 manufacture (except as otherwise allowed with the approval of LICENSOR), sale or distribution
 of the Licensed Products upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, will result
 in immediate and irreparable damage to LICENSOR. LICENSEE further acknowledges that there
 is no adequate remedy at law for such failure to cease manufacture, sale or distribution,
 and in the event of such failure, LICENSOR shall be entitled to equitable relief and such
 further relief as a court or agency with jurisdiction may deem just and proper. 

Upon
termination or expiration of this License Agreement, all of the rights granted hereunder to LICENSEE and all rights, title and interest
in and to the Licensed Brands, including but not limited to, patent, industrial design, copyright, trademark, trade dress and all improvements,
additions and changes thereto, trade secret rights, and goodwill relating to the Licensed Brands, shall revert to LICENSOR. LICENSEE,
at LICENSOR s sole cost and expense, agrees to promptly execute all documents that may be reasonably necessary to effect the foregoing.
This right and obligation shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. Except as herein provided, upon termination
or expiration of this License Agreement, LICENSEE shall forthwith and thereafter cease and desist from manufacturing, selling or distributing. 

11. Notices 

a. All
 notices under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by first- class certified
 mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, to the party concerned at the below address,
 or to any substituted address given by notice hereunder, a copy of all notices should also
 be sent to the party concerned via e-mail: 

As
 to LICENSEE: 
 
 As
 to LICENSOR: 

Ross
 Sklar 
 
 Darin
 Brown 
 
 Owner 
 
 Director 
 
 Temperance
 Distilling Company 
 
 Starco
 Brands, Inc. 
 
 177
 Reed Dr. 
 
 250
 26th St., Suite 200 
 
 Temperance,
 MI 48182 
 
 Santa
 Monica, CA 90402 
 
 Email:
 [REDACTED] 
 
 Email:
 [REDACTED] 

b. Any
 such notice shall be considered sent or made on the day deposited in the mail. 

c. Payments
 may be sent by ordinary mail or made by ACH or wire to an account provided by the Party receiving
 payment. 

d. Statements
 and reports must be sent by email with a Read Receipt. 

12. Confidentiality 

a. Confidential
 Information. Confidential Information means, without limitation, all notes,
 reports, tests, data, lists, formulas, trade secrets, studies, predictions, advice, suggestions,
 sales data, customer data, processes, concepts, computer programs, systems, documents, materials,
 products, samples, business plans, and information of the disclosing party provided to or
 obtained by another party. 

i. Exceptions.
 Confidential Information does not include: 

1. Information
 that is publicly available or properly possessed in sufficient detail by the receiving party
 prior to its receipt; 

2. Information
 independently developed or acquired by the receiving party from a source that has not improperly
 disclosed the information; 

3. Information
 that becomes publicly available in sufficient detail through no fault of the receiving party;
 and 

4. Information
 required to be disclosed by applicable law. 

b. Agreement
 to Keep Confidential. The parties acknowledge that they may have access to Confidential Information
 of another party during the course of this Agreement, and that the disclosure of such other
 party s Confidential Information to third parties would cause substantial, irreparable
 injury to the disclosing party. Therefore, the parties agree not to disclose, duplicate,
 distribute or permit access to another party s Confidential Information to any person
 or entity not a party to this Agreement, or use Confidential Information in any way other
 than for the purpose specifically relating to the performance under this Agreement. The parties
 agree that the nonbreaching party shall be entitled to injunctive and other equitable relief,
 without security, in the event the breaching party breaches this paragraph of this Agreement. 

c. Term.
 The confidentiality obligations of this Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of
 three (3) years after expiration or termination of this Agreement. 

13. Assignment 

This
Agreement shall be assignable by LICENSEE or LICENSOR to any entity that succeeds to the business of LICENSEE or LICENSOR without the
prior written consent of the other party. Other than to an entity that succeeds LICENSEE or LICENSOR, LICENSEE shall not assign any of
its rights under this Agreement to any company without the prior written consent of LICENSOR. 

14. Independent
 Contractor Status 

Neither
LICENSEE nor LICENSOR shall have any authority to bind the other to any contract, representation, understanding, act or deed concerning
the other. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed by the parties hereto or by any third party as creating the
relationship between LICENSOR and LICENSEE as that of principal and agent, employer/employee, partner or joint venturer, it being expressly
understood and agreed that no provision of this Agreement, nor any act of the parties pursuant thereto, shall be deemed to create any
relationship of LICENSEE to LICENSOR other than that of an independent contractor. 

15. Interpretation
 and Choice of Forum 

This
Agreement shall be interpreted under the laws of the State of California. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating
to this contract, including the formation, interpretation, breach or termination thereof, including whether the claims asserted are arbitrable,
will be referred to and finally determined by arbitration in accordance with the JAMS International Arbitration Rules. The Tribunal will
consist of one arbitrator. The place of arbitration will be Los Angeles County in the State of California. Judgment upon the award rendered
by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. 

16. Force
 Majeure 

Neither
LICENSEE nor LICENSOR shall be responsible for any default hereunder caused by acts of God, insurrection, civil disorder, war, military
action, emergency government actions, labor disputes or other causes over which neither LICENSOR nor LICENSEE have any control. 

17. Non-Frustration 

Neither
party to this Agreement shall commit any act or take any action which frustrates or hampers the rights of the other party under this
Agreement. Each party shall act in good faith and engage in fair dealing when taking any action under or related to this Agreement. 

18. Rectification 

In
case of any mistake in this Agreement, including any error, ambiguity, illegality, contradiction, or omission, this Agreement shall be
interpreted as if such mistake were rectified in a manner which implements the intent of the parties as nearly as possible and effects
substantial fairness, considering all pertinent circumstances. If any part of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable
it does not invalidate the balance of Agreement. 

19. Entire
 Agreement 

This
Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between the parties and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous oral understandings and
any prior written Agreements except that the rights and obligations of the parties under the Agreement shall survive until the term of
said Agreement expires. 

20 . LICENSOR s
 Reserved Rights 

All
rights and licenses to the Licensed Brands not specifically granted to LICENSEE under this Agreement are reserved by and are the exclusive
property of LICENSOR. 

21. Signatures 

The
parties have indicated their Agreement to all of the above terms by signing this Agreement on the respective dates below indicated. LICENSEE
and LICENSOR have each received a copy of this Agreement with both LICENSEE s and LICENSOR s original ink signatures thereon. 

Temperance
 Distilling Company 
 
 Starco
 Brands Inc.: 

By: 
 /s/
 Ross Sklar 
 
 By: 
 /s/
 Darin Brown 
 
 Name: 
 Ross
 Sklar 
 
 Name: 
 Darin
 Brown 
 
 Title: 
 Owner 
 
 Title: 
 Director 
 
 Date: 
 1/24/22 
 
 Date: 
 1/24/22 

EXHIBIT
A 
LICENSED BRANDS 

WHIP SHOTS 

EXHIBIT
B 
LICENSED PRODUCTS 

Alcohol
infused whipped cream; non-dairy alcohol infused whipped cream; vodka infused whipped cream 

EXHIBIT
C 
STANDARD COSTS 

STANDARD
 COSTS 

TDC
 Cost 
 
 Cost
 + 
 [REDACTED] 
 GM 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 

EXHIBIT
D 
INITIAL PRODUCTION RUN 

PILOT
 RUN COSTS 

TDC
 Cost 
 
 Cost
 + 
 [REDACTED] 
 GM 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 
 
 [REDACTED] 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
 of Starco Brands, Inc. 

Subsidiary
 Name 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation 
 
 Whipshots
 Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Whipshots,
 LLC 
 
 Wyoming 
 
 The
 AOS Group Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Skylar
 Body, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Soylent
 Nutrition, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

STARCO
BRANDS, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Ross Sklar, certify that: 

1.
 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Starco Brands, Inc.; 

2.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d)
 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a)
 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b)
 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 Ross Sklar 

Ross
 Sklar 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 April
 17, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

STARCO
BRANDS, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Ross Sklar, certify that: 

1.
 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Starco Brands, Inc.; 

2.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4.
 
 The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d)
 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a)
 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b)
 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 Ross Sklar 

Ross
 Sklar 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 April
 17, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

STARCO
BRANDS, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Starco Brands, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
the Company. 

By: 
 /s/
 Ross Sklar 

Ross Sklar 

Chief Executive
 Officer 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

STARCO
BRANDS, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Starco Brands, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
the Company. 

By: 
 /s/
 Ross Sklar 

Ross
 Sklar 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date:
 
 April
 17, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 stcb-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 stcb-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 stcb-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 stcb-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

