<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1847986_0001493152-23-012533.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12359163</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>774730</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2665569</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4531661</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1937961</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2134898</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>24</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012533.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417160557
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012533
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001847986
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				851873463
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40730
		FILM NUMBER:		23824002

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1190 TRADEMARK DRIVE #108
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89521
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(775) 622-3448

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1190 TRADEMARK DRIVE #108
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89521

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Chardan NexTech Acquisition 2 Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210225

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012533.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

, 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Global Market 

The
 Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None . 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2022, based on the closing price of 10.1499
for shares of the registrant s common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Market, was approximately million. Shares of
common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer, director, and holder of more than 10 of our common stock have been excluded
in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination
for other purposes. 

As
of March 21, 2023, there were 
shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 21 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 41 

Item 2. Properties 
 41 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 41 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 41 

Part II 
 42 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 42 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 42 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 42 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 54 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 54 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 54 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 55 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 56 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 
 56 

Part III 
 57 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 57 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 57 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 57 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 57 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 57 

Part IV 
 58 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 58 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 59 

SIGNATURES 
 60 

i 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 under Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ),
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to our
beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, assumptions, estimates, intentions and future performance, and involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control, and which may cause our actual results, performance
or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be forward-looking statements. You can
identify these forward-looking statements through our use of words such as may, can, anticipate, 
 assume, should, indicate, would, believe, contemplate, 
 expect, seek, estimate, continue, plan, point to, 
 project, predict, could, intend, target, potential 
and other similar words and expressions of the future. 

There
are a number of important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking
statement made by us. These factors include, but are not limited to: 

our
 ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of our recent Business Combination (as defined herein), which may be affected by, among
 other things, the factors listed below; 

our
 ability to successfully increase market penetration into target markets; 

the
 addressable markets that we intend to target do not grow as expected; 

the
loss of any members of our senior management team or other key personnel; 

the
 loss of any relationships with key suppliers, including suppliers in China; 

the
 loss of any relationships with key customers; 

our
 ability to protect our patents and other intellectual property; 

the
 failure to successfully optimize solid-state cells or to produce commercially viable solid-state cells in a timely manner or at all,
 or to scale to mass production; 

changes
 in applicable laws or regulations; 

our
 ability to maintain the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market and Public Warrants (as defined herein) on the Nasdaq
 Capital Market; 

the
 possibility that we may be adversely affected by other economic, business and/or competitive factors (including an economic slowdown
 or inflationary pressures); 

the
 impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including any mutations or variants thereof, and its effect on business and financial conditions; 

our
 ability to sell the desired amounts of shares of common stock at desired prices under our equity facility; 

the
 potential for events or circumstances that result in our failure to timely achieve the anticipated benefits of our customer arrangements
 with THOR Industries and its affiliate brands (including Keystone RV Company); 

our
 ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations; 

our
 ability to generate revenue from future product sales and our ability to achieve and maintain profitability; 

the
 accuracy of our projections and estimates regarding our expenses, capital requirements, cash utilization, and need for additional
 financing; 

developments
 relating to our competitors and our industry; 

our
 ability to engage target customers and successfully retain these customers for future orders; 

the
 reliance on two suppliers for our lithium iron phosphate cells and a single supplier for the manufacture of our battery management
 system; and 

our
 current dependence on a single manufacturing facility. 

The
foregoing does not represent an exhaustive list of matters that may be covered by the forward-looking statements contained herein or
risk factors that we are faced with that may cause our actual results to differ from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements.
Please see Part I Item 1A Risk Factors for additional risks which could adversely impact our business
and financial performance. 

All
forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice. You are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report or the date of the document incorporated by
reference into this report. We have no obligation, and expressly disclaims any obligation, to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. We have expressed our expectations, beliefs and projections
in good faith and believe they have a reasonable basis. However, we cannot assure you that our expectations, beliefs or projections will
result or be achieved or accomplished. 

ii 

Part
I 

Item
1. Business 

All
references in this report to Dragonfly, the Company, we, us, or our 
mean Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. and its subsidiaries unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise indicates. 

Overview 

We
are a manufacturer of non-toxic deep cycle lithium-ion batteries that caters to customers in the consumer (including the recreational
vehicle RV ), marine vessel and off-grid residence industries), industrial and energy storage markets, with disruptive
solid-state cell technology currently under development. Our goal is to develop technology to deliver environmentally impactful solutions
for energy storage to everyone globally. We believe that the innovative design of our lithium-ion batteries is ideally suited for the
demands of modern customers who rely on consumer electronics, connected devices and smart appliances that require continuous, reliable
electricity, regardless of location. 

Our
deep cycle lithium iron phosphate LFP batteries provide numerous advantages compared to incumbent products, such
as lead-acid batteries. LFP batteries are non-toxic and environmentally friendly, do not rely on scarce or controversial metals and are
a highly cost-effective storage solution. LFP batteries use lithium iron phosphate (LiFePO4) as the cathode material for lithium-ion
cells rather than nickel or cobalt. Although the energy density of LFP batteries is lower, they have a longer cycle life and experience
a slower rate of capacity loss. LFP is also intrinsically safer than sulfide gases due to its thermal and chemical stability, meaning
our LFP batteries are less flammable than alternative products. As we develop our proprietary solid-state cell technology, we believe
our use of LFP will continue to provide significant advantages over the lithium-ion technology in development by most other companies
that still incorporate less stable components in their chemistries (such as sulfide glasses, which are chemically unstable and form hydrogen
sulfide when exposed to air). 

We
have a dual-brand strategy for battery products, Dragonfly Energy Dragonfly Energy and Battle Born Batteries Battle
Born ). Battle Born branded products are primarily sold direct to consumers, while the Dragonfly Energy brand is primarily
sold to original equipment manufacturers OEMs ). However, with the growing popularity and brand recognition of Battle
Born, these batteries have become increasingly popular with our OEM customers. Based on the extensive research and optimization undertaken
by our team, we have developed a line of products with features including a proprietary battery management system and an internal battery
heating feature for cold temperatures, and we have recently launched our unique battery communication system. We currently source the
LFP cells incorporated into our batteries from a limited number of carefully selected suppliers that can meet our demanding quality standards
and with whom we have developed long-term relationships. 

We
began as an aftermarket-focused business initially targeting direct-to-consumer sales in the RV market. Since 2020, we have sold over
226,000 batteries. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we sold 96,034 and 74,652 batteries, respectively, and had 86.3
million and 78.0 million in sales, respectively. Over time, we have increased total sales through a combination of: increasing direct-to-consumer
sales of batteries for RV applications; expanding into the marine vessels and off-grid storage markets with related direct-to-consumer
sales; selling batteries to RV OEMs; increasing sales to distributors; and reselling accessories for battery systems. Our RV OEM customers
currently include Keystone RV Company Keystone ), who fulfills certain of its LFP battery requirements exclusively
through us (with potential annual renewals), THOR Industries THOR ), who has made a strategic investment in our
business and with whom we intend to enter into a future, mutually agreed exclusive North American distribution agreement with an initial
term of two years (with potential annual renewals), Airstream, and REV, and we are in ongoing discussions with a number of additional
RV OEMS to further increase adoption of our products. 

We
currently offer a line of batteries across our two brands, each differentiated by size, power and capacity, consisting of seven different
models, four of which come with a heated option. To supplement our battery offerings, we are also a reseller of accessories for battery
systems. These include chargers, inverters, monitors, controllers and other system accessories from brands such as Victron Energy, Progressive
Dynamics, Magnum Energy and Sterling Power. Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement dated April 22, 2022 by and among us and Thomason
Jones Company, LLC Thomason Jones and the other parties thereto, we also acquired the assets, including the Wakespeed
Offshore brand Wakespeed of Thomason Jones, allowing us to include our own alternator regulator in systems that
we sell. 

Our
battery packs are designed and assembled in-house in the United States. In April 2021, we opened our new 99,000 square foot facility
in Reno, Nevada, allowing us to increase our production capacity and giving us the ability to increase sales to existing customers and
penetrate new markets. Our facility provides a streamlined, partially autonomous production process for our current batteries, which
comprises module assembly and battery assembly, with the availability to expand the number of lines to handle increased volumes and the
additional battery modules we intend to introduce in the near future. We plan to continue to expand our production capacity as needed
and estimate that our current production facility will allow for over 500 million in manufacturing sales capacity once fully utilized. 

1 

We
currently focus on three main consumer end markets: RVs, marine vessels and off-grid storage and, in the medium- to longer-term, we plan
on expanding into several new markets. Within our current markets, our aim is to replace incumbent lead-acid batteries. Our batteries
are primarily designed to provide consumers with a long-lasting, highly efficient power source for powering appliances, consumer electronics
and other smart devices located inside RVs, marine vessels or off-grid residences and, other than for certain smaller marine vessels,
are not intended for propulsion. Our batteries are powertrain agnostic with the ability to operate on internal combustion engine vehicles
or electric vehicles. 

Our
proven sales and marketing strategy has allowed us to penetrate our current end markets efficiently. We use a variety of methods to educate
consumers on the benefits of LFP batteries and why they are a better investment compared to the legacy lead-acid batteries currently
found in our target end markets today. We also have an extensive social media program, where we partner with content creators in our
target markets to share with consumers the benefits of our products. Lastly, we participate in a variety of industry productions, including
features on RV podcasts and TV shows, and attend sponsored industry events such as the Bassmaster Classic, RV rallies and boat shows. 

In
addition to our conventional LFP batteries, our experienced research and development team, headed by our founder and Chief Executive
Officer, is currently developing the next generation of LFP solid-state cells. Since our inception, we have been developing proprietary
solid-state cell technology and manufacturing processes for which we have issued patents and pending patent applications, where appropriate.
Solid-state lithium-ion technology eliminates the use of a liquid electrolyte, which addresses the residual heat and flammability issues
arising from lithium-ion batteries. The unique competitive advantage of our solid-state battery cell is highlighted by our dry deposition
technology, which completely displaces the need for toxic solvents in the manufacturing process and allows for the rapid and scalable
production of solid-state cells having an intercalation anode, like graphite or silicon. Many other solid-state technology companies
are focused on a denser lithium metal anode, which tends to form icicle-like dendrites inside the cell and lacks the cyclability of an
intercalation anode. Our design allows for a much safer, more efficient cell that we believe will be a key differentiator in the energy
storage market. Additionally, our internal production of solid-state cells will streamline our supply chain, allowing us to vertically
integrate our cells into our batteries, thereby lowering our production costs. 

As
businesses, organizations and individuals increasingly seek improved clean energy use and energy storage, we believe we are well-positioned
to achieve our objectives of developing innovative technology to make clean energy accessible and affordable for everyone globally. We
will continue to focus on our core competencies of providing innovative technology, expanding our brand portfolio and providing affordable,
sustainable and accessible energy, all while being designed and manufactured in the United States. 

Industry
Background 

For
decades, lead-acid batteries have been the dominant player in power and energy markets worldwide. Since the introduction of the absorbed
glass mat AGM lead-acid battery in the mid-1970s, the technological advancements in lead-acid battery technology
have been limited. LFP batteries have numerous advantages over the incumbent lead-acid batteries used in today s markets: 

Environmentally
 Friendly, Socially Responsible and Safer. Lead-acid batteries that are not recycled or disposed of properly are extremely
 toxic and can cause areas of poisonous groundwater and lead buildups, impacting both humans and the environment. Research by EcoMENA
 shows that a single lead-acid battery disposed of incorrectly into a municipal solid waste collection system could contaminate 25
 tonnes of municipal solid waste and prevent recovery of organic resources due to high lead levels. Lithium-ion batteries, specifically
 LFP batteries, have no toxic elements, offering a much safer environmental alternative to lead-acid batteries. LFP batteries also
 do not rely on controversial elements such as cobalt as part of their chemistry. Compared to lead-acid batteries, there is no concern
 of off-gassing, or the emission of noxious gases, for lithium-ion batteries, and therefore no need to take into consideration
 required ventilation or off-gas related fire risk when installing or recharging our LFP batteries. 

Longer
 Lifespan. Lithium-ion batteries have longer lifecycles compared to lead-acid batteries. LFP batteries are able to cycle (i.e.,
 discharge and charge) 3,000 to 5,000 times before hitting the 80 capacity mark. Comparatively, lead-acid batteries degrade quickly,
 only cycling 300-500 times before hitting 50 of their original capacity. Our third-party validated internal research suggests that
 if a typical AGM lead-acid battery and our LFP battery were cycled once every day, the AGM battery and our LFP battery would have
 a respective lifespan of 1.98 years and 19.18 years before reaching 80 depth of discharge (i.e., 80 of our battery would have been
 discharged relative to the overall capacity of the battery in that lifespan). In many storage applications, lithium-ion batteries
 have a lifespan exceeding the lifetime of the project with very limited maintenance requirements, compared to lead-acid batteries,
 which have a one- to two-year useful life in most applications. 

2 

Power
 and Performance. As new technologies evolve and people consume more electricity, the importance of battery power and performance
 increases. Compared to lead-acid batteries, lithium-ion batteries can discharge power at a higher voltage and more consistently through
 the discharge cycle (i.e., until they are 100 discharged) while utilizing a smaller physical space and weighing less. In addition,
 unlike lead-acid batteries, lithium-ion batteries can be discharged below 50 capacity without causing irreparable harm to the battery.
 Lithium-ion batteries also provide the same energy capacity with one-fifth the weight of a standard lead-acid battery. Lithium-ion
 batteries are also significantly more reliable and efficient, especially in cold temperatures, allowing for year-round all-climate
 usage. 

Charging.
 Lead-acid batteries were the first rechargeable batteries on the market. However, due to new advancements in energy density
 (i.e., the amount of energy stored by mass volume) and charge/discharge rates, lithium-ion batteries now significantly
 outperform traditional lead-acid batteries. LFP batteries currently charge five times faster than their lead-acid counterparts, with
 even faster charging rates expected for the next generation of lithium-ion cells. With the appropriate battery management system,
 lithium-ion batteries can be charged in cold temperatures, something lead-acid batteries are unable to do, resulting in two to three
 times more power delivered. 

Maintenance-Free.
 LFP batteries provide the benefit of being a maintenance-free option compared to lead-acid batteries. Unlike lead-acid batteries
 which have no battery management system to regulate current flow and charging rates, all our LFP battery packs include a proprietary
 battery management system that regulates current and provides temperature, short circuit and cold charging protection. Our LFP batteries
 also do not require cleaning or water, eliminating the need for periodic maintenance found in today s lead-acid batteries.
 While our LFP batteries are generally designed to replace and physically fit into racks made for existing lead-acid batteries, our
 batteries can be installed in any position and without the need for venting. 

End
Markets 

Current
Markets 

According
to a Frost and Sullivan report commissioned by us Frost Sullivan ), the total addressable market TAM of our three current end markets is estimated to be approximately 12 billion by 2025. 

Recreational
 Vehicles. The growth of the RV market is expected to continue to drive demand for LFP storage batteries. According to the
 2022 RV Industry Association RVIA Annual Report, 22 of RV buyers are between the ages of 18 and 34. In addition,
 nearly a third of the respondents in the study (31 are first-time owners, underscoring the growth of the industry in the past decade.
 RV interiors are becoming more modern as customers adopt the full-time RV lifestyle, with additional appliances and electronics being
 installed, increasing the need for reliable power. According to the RVIA and THOR Industries, North American RV shipments have had
 an estimated 10-year compound annual growth rate CAGR of 6.8 from 2012 to 2022. The need for greater power
 and power storage capabilities to power interiors is driving a shift towards the use of LFP batteries. Incumbent lead-acid batteries
 are heavy, take up a lot of space, have inefficient power discharge and require ventilation. Our product addresses all of these problems
 by allowing for shorter charge times, weighing one-fifth of a standard lead-acid battery, providing a reliable and consistent source
 of power and being maintenance-free. Our market focus has traditionally been on motorized RVs (i.e., drivable RVs), however, OEMs
 have begun to introduce batteries into towable units (i.e., RVs that require another vehicle to drive them), which has created a
 growing subsector in the RV market for LFP batteries. According to the RVIA s 2021 RV Market Report, approximately 91 of wholesale
 RV units shipped in 2021 were towable units, representing a significant growth opportunity for LFP batteries. 

Marine
 Vessels. As boating becomes more popular in North America, the need for a reliable, non-flammable energy storage system is
 becoming increasingly apparent. According to the 2020 Recreational Boating Statistics and the 2020 National Recreational Boating
 Safety Survey, in 2018 over 84 million Americans participated in some form of boating activity, with a total of over 11.8 million
 boats on the water as of 2020, of which 93 are power boats. We believe that the marine vessel market will grow to approximately
 8 billion by 2025. Similar to the RV market, customers are becoming more technologically advanced and are adding more electronics
 to their vessels, in turn driving demand for larger and more reliable energy storage, such as LFP batteries. Tightening marina regulations
 are also driving the need for electric docking motors on more vessels and increasing the focus on safety, which LFP batteries are
 well-suited to address. 

3 

Off-Grid
 Residences. Many people are turning to off-grid housing and, as individuals and governments become more conscious of their
 carbon footprint, a shift towards renewable energy sources for off-grid housing will be increasingly popular. Solar installations
 continue to see an increase globally, with global PV installations projected to rise from 144 GW (DC) in 2020 to 334 GW (DC) in 2030
 according to Bloomberg. According to the Solar Energy Industries Association SEIA ), approximately 11 of solar
 installations in 2021 were supplemented with a battery system for efficient storing of excess energy generated during daylight hours.
 However, the number of new behind-the-meter solar systems with supporting battery systems is projected to rise to over 29 by 2025.
 LFP batteries are able to solve the weakest part of renewable energy adoption, which is the lack of consistent, reliable and efficient
 energy storage that is safer than alternative energy storage options currently on the market. As this shift towards clean energy
 becomes more prominent and cost-effective, the LFP battery market will be able to penetrate the largely untapped off-grid markets. 

Addressable
Adjacent Markets 

Our
addressable markets are areas with significant growth potential that we will be positioned to penetrate as customers turn towards LFP
and other lithium-ion batteries as replacements for traditional lead-acid batteries. As these medium- and long-term markets mature, we
intend to deploy our solid-state technology, once developed, while concurrently continuing to further displace the incumbent lead-acid
technology. According to Frost Sullivan, our TAM is estimated to be 85 billion by 2025. 

Industrial
 / Material Handlings / Work Truck. The industrial vehicle market includes work trucks, material handling and warehousing
 equipment and compact construction equipment. As industrial vehicles increase in terms of automation and incorporate more onboard
 tools, the need for a long-lasting, reliable and environmentally friendly energy source grows. The continuous growth of e-commerce
 is increasing the demand for warehousing and automated equipment. According to material handling equipment manufacturer Hyster-Yale
 Materials Handling, in 2021 the global market volume in units for lift trucks was approximately 2.3 million, most of which were powered
 by traditional lead-acid batteries, presenting a large retrofitting opportunity for LFP batteries. 

Specialty
 Vehicles. According to Mordor Intelligence, as of 2019, approximately 40 of the specialty vehicle market in the United States
 consists of medical and healthcare vehicles and approximately 30 consists of law enforcement and public safety vehicles. The market
 for emergency vehicles has grown as the baby boomer generation continues to age, and there has been increased demand for electrified
 devices and equipment on board these emergency vehicles. Our LFP batteries are well-suited to capture this market as they offer a
 more reliable power source with longer lifecycles compared to lead-acid batteries. In addition, LFP batteries are safer, lighter
 and modular, allowing for more tools to be stored on-board emergency vehicles without sacrificing the performance of the battery
 system. 

Emergency
 and Standby Power. Demand for reliable emergency and standby power sources is expected to continue to drive demand for effective
 power storage for residential, commercial and industrial uses. Power outages in the United States cost an estimated 150 billion
 per year, according to the Department of Energy, increasing the demand for uninterrupted power sources. The need for reliable emergency
 and standby power exists in both hazardous and non-hazardous environments and is particularly acute in areas where the existing grid
 service is subject to intermittencies or is otherwise inefficient (including as a result high peak electricity usage, grid and related
 equipment age or severe weather and other environmental factors). LFP batteries are able to offset grid-related intermittencies and
 inefficiencies and assist in providing grid stabilization. Importantly, LFP batteries achieve these benefits in a clean, reliable
 and safe manner by supplanting or reducing the use of fossil fuel backup generators. 

Telecom.
 Demand for mobile data continues to increase and network providers are investing heavily in 5G networks, particularly in
 unserved and underserved regions, to support this demand. According to the CTIA s 2021 annual survey, there were 417,215 cell
 sites in the United States in 2020. Batteries provide backup power to these sites when external power is interrupted. While lead-acid
 batteries are commonly used as backup batteries today, the compact nature of lithium-ion batteries, together with the fact that they
 are safer and more environmentally friendly, make them ideal alternatives as new wireless sites are built and the older wireless
 sites require upgrades. LFP batteries are maintenance free and have a longer lifespan, allowing for a more efficient and reliable
 power source for large wireless sites. The ability to monitor the battery systems remotely enables telecom operators to reduce onsite
 maintenance checks, thereby reducing overall operational costs while ensuring network uptime. 

Rail.
 Rail transportation is a large potential market, with an estimated market size of 98.6 billion in 2022, according to IBISWorld.
 Many railroad operators have invested in infrastructure and equipment upgrades in recent years, in an attempt to boost capacity and
 productivity. As noted in a study conducted by the International Energy Analysis Department and the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory,
 a shift from fossil fuel-based rail cars to emission-free power sources will greatly affect the economic and environmental impact
 from the rail industry. Two suggested pathways from this study were (1) electrifying railway tracks and using emission-free electricity
 which requires significant storage combined with renewable electricity on the grid, and (2) adding battery storage cars to diesel-electric
 trains. A battery-electric rail sector would provide more than 200GWh of modular and mobile storage, which could in turn provide
 grid services and improve the resilience of the power system. 

4 

Data
 Centers. Data centers have seen strong growth in recent years, with over 2,750 data centers in the United States as of January
 2022 according to Statista. Constant technological advancements and larger amounts of data generated and stored by companies for
 increasingly longer periods of time are driving growth in the importance, and the amount, of physical space dedicated to data centers.
 As software companies, such as Google and Oracle, continue to develop new technologies, such as artificial intelligence, data centers
 where the computer and storage functions are co-located also continue to grow. As the industry seeks to cut operating costs, become
 more efficient and minimize dedicated physical space, we expect there to be a shift towards light, compact lithium-ion batteries
 that can reduce overall costs and provide a reliable power supply without sacrificing performance. Lithium-ion batteries are designed
 to operate in environments with higher ambient temperatures than incumbent energy storage methods (such as lead-acid batteries).
 This ability for lithium-ion batteries to withstand and operate at higher temperatures can also reduce cooling costs. 

On-grid
 Storage. On-grid energy storage is used on a large-scale platform within an electrical power grid in conjunction with variable
 renewable energy sources such as solar and wind projects. These storage units (including large-scale stationary batteries) store
 energy when electricity is plentiful, and discharge energy at peak times when electricity is scarce. Because of the low cost of fossil
 fuels, the adoption of large-scale batteries has been slow. However, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration 2021
 report on battery storage in the United States, lithium-ion battery installations in large-scale storage grew from less than 50 MWh
 of energy capacity annual additions in 2010 to approximately 400 MWh in 2019. As lithium-ion battery production scales, the related
 cost of storage for all lithium-ion batteries will decline and the cost of renewable energy (including associated storage costs)
 is expected to approach 0.05 per kWh, which is the amount required to be cost competitive with the price of power from the electrical
 grid. We believe our ability to cost-effectively develop and manufacture LFP solid-state batteries will position renewable energy
 projects deploying these batteries to reach grid parity sooner. 

Our
Competitive Strengths 

We
believe that we possess the largest share in the markets we operate in due to our following business strengths, which distinguish us
in this competitive landscape and position us to capitalize on the anticipated continued growth in the energy storage market: 

Premier
 Lithium-Ion Battery Technology. Each of our innovative batteries features custom designed components to enhance power and
 performance in any application or setting. Our batteries feature LFP chemistry that is environmentally friendly, does not heat up
 or swell when charging or discharging, and generates more power in less physical space than competing lead-acid batteries. Unlike
 our competitors, our internal heating technology keeps our batteries within optimal internal conditions without drawing unnecessary
 energy and sustaining minimal energy drain. To protect our products, our batteries possess a proprietary battery management system
 that shuts off the ability to charge at 24 degrees Fahrenheit. This technology increases performance in cold weather conditions while
 possessing a unique heating solution that does not require an external energy source. 

Extensive,
 Growing Patent Portfolio. We have developed and filed patent applications on commercially relevant aspects of our business
 including chemical compositions systems and production processes. To date, we have owned 26 issued patents, with an additional 22
 patent applications pending, in the United States, China, Europe, Australia, Canada and other regions. 

Proven
 Go-To-Market Strategy. We have successfully established a direct-to-consumer platform and have developed strong working relationships
 with major RV OEMs, custom designing products for new and existing applications. We see opportunities to continue to leverage our
 success in the aftermarket to expand our relationships to other leading OEMs and distributors while further enhancing our direct-to-consumer
 offerings. Extensive informational videos and exceptional customer service provide sales, technical and hands-on service support
 to facilitate consumer transition from traditional lead-acid or incumbent lithium-ion batteries to our products. 

Established
 Customer Base with Brand Recognition. We have a growing customer base of more than 15,000 customers featuring OEMs, distributors,
 upfitters and end consumers across diverse end markets and applications including RV, marine vessels and off-grid residences. Customer
 demand and brand recognition of Battle Born batteries from an aftermarket sales perspective have helped drive significant adoption
 from RV OEMs (with a CAGR of over 135 since 2020) with visibility for future growth through further expansion of our existing relationships. 

High
 Quality Manufacturing Process. Unlike competitors that outsource their manufacturing processes, our batteries are designed,
 assembled and tested in the United States, ensuring that our manufacturing process is thoroughly tested and our batteries are of
 the highest quality as a result of governmental regulations for performance and safety. 

Drop-in
 Replacement. Our battery modules are largely designed to be drop-in replacements for traditional lead-acid
 batteries, which means that they are designed to fit standard RV or marine vessel configurations without any adjustments. Our target
 applications are powering devices and appliances in larger vehicles and low speed industrial vehicles. We offer a full line of compatible
 components and accessories to simplify the replacement process and provide consumers with customer service to ensure a seamless transition
 to our significantly safer and environmentally friendly battery. Over their lifetime, our batteries are significantly cheaper from
 both an absolute cost and a cost per energy perspective. These lifetime costs, at current costs and capacity, will naturally drop
 as we continue to take advantage of economies of scale. 

5 

Our
Growth Strategy 

We
intend to leverage our competitive strengths, technology leadership and market share position to pursue our growth strategy through the
following: 

Expand
 Product Offerings. In the short-term, our aim is to further diversify our product offerings to give consumers, as well as
 OEMs and distributors, more options for additional applications. We intend to launch and scale production of additional 12 voltage
 and 24 voltage batteries and we have recently introduced 48 voltage battery systems, which we believe will extend our market reach
 in each of our targeted end markets. Moreover, in the first quarter of 2023, we launched Dragonfly IntelLigence, a proprietary monitoring
 and communication system that allows us to monitor, optimize, and in some cases compile data on battery banks. We believe the natural
 evolution of our product offering is to become a system integrator for solar and other energy storage solutions. 

Expand
 End Markets. We have identified additional end markets that we believe in the medium- to longer-term will increasingly look
 to alternative energy solutions, such as LFP batteries. Markets, such as standby power, industrial vehicles, specialty vehicles and
 utility-grade storage, are in the early stages of adoption of lithium-ion batteries (including LFP batteries), and we aim to be at
 the forefront of this movement by continuing to develop and produce products with these end users in mind. 

Commercialize
 Solid-State Technology. We believe solid-state technology presents a significant advantage to all products currently on the
 market, with the potential to be lighter, smaller, safer and cheaper. Once we have optimized the chemistry of our LFP solid-state
 batteries to enhance conductivity and power, we intend to scale up for mass production of separate solid-state batteries for various
 applications and use cases. 

Our
Products and Technology 

Chemistry
Comparison 

Lead-acid
batteries were the first form of rechargeable battery to be developed and modified across different platforms for a variety of uses,
from powering small electronics to use for energy storage in back-up power supplies in cell phone towers. Since the development in the
1970s of AGM lead-acid batteries, a form of sealed lead-acid battery that enables operation in any position, there has been limited innovation
in lead-acid battery technology. The push to develop longer-lasting, lower-cost, more environmentally-friendly and faster-charging batteries
has led to the development of lithium-ion batteries and, within the lithium-ion battery market, different chemistries. 

There
are several dominant battery chemistries in the lithium-ion market that can be used for different purposes. Two widely adopted chemistries
found in the market today are nickel manganese cobalt NMC ), and nickel cobalt aluminum NCA ).
The higher energy density and shorter cycle life found in NMC and NCA batteries are suitable for markets where fast charging and high
energy density are required, such as electric vehicle EV powertrains and consumer electronics. LFP batteries are
best suited for energy storage markets where long life and affordability are paramount, such as RV, marine vessel, off-grid storage,
onboard tools, material handling, utility-grade storage, telecom, rail and data center markets. 

6 

NMC
batteries are highly dependent on two metals that present significant constraints nickel, which is facing an industry-wide
shortage, and cobalt, a large percentage of which comes from conflict-ridden countries. According to an article by McKinsey Company
titled Lithium and Cobalt: A tale of two commodities , global forecasts for cobalt show supply shortages arising
as early as 2022, slowing down NMC battery growth. Both of these elements are also subject to commodity price fluctuations, making NMC
and NCA batteries less cost-effective than LFP batteries. LFP batteries do not contain these elements and materials can be sourced domestically,
and are therefore not subject to these shortages, geopolitical concerns or commodity price fluctuations. In fact, LFP batteries have
no toxic elements, offering a much safer environmental alternative. The temperature threshold for thermal runaway (i.e., lithium-ion
battery overheating that can result in an internal chemical reaction) is roughly 700 degrees Fahrenheit for LFP batteries, compared to
350 degrees Fahrenheit for NMC and NCA batteries, making LFP batteries less flammable and safer. 

LFP
batteries have a useful life of approximately 10 to 15 years compared to one to two years for lead-acid batteries, and typically charge
up to five times faster. LFP batteries are also not constrained by weight (having the same energy capacity at one-fifth of the weight)
or temperature (having the ability to generate power even in low temperatures and to not swell or heat up when charging or discharging)
and are generally maintenance free. 

In
the electric vehicle market, the race to provide the highest energy density facilitating frequent, rapid acceleration, greatest range
and fastest charging battery all while competing on cost is where many new battery companies
are prioritizing their efforts. Success in the electric vehicle market requires use of chemistries capable of optimization to these requirements.
In our targeted stationary storage markets, the ideal solution requires a safe, long-lasting battery in terms of discharge/charge cycles
with a focus on providing a steady power stream. LFP batteries are better suited for the stationary storage market compared to NMC and
NCA batteries, as LFP batteries are safer and have a significantly longer life cycle making them more cost-effective. The market for
utility grade storage, particularly for clean energy projects, and the related adoption of lithium-ion batteries (including LFP batteries)
is expected to increase as the fully-loaded cost of energy (production and storage) approaches cost parity with inexpensive fossil fuel
energy provided through the electric grid. Compared to NMC and NCA batteries, LFP batteries are at or much closer to grid parity. 

Solid-State
Cells 

LFP
batteries are not without their disadvantages. While less flammable than other chemistries, the existence of a flammable liquid electrolyte
still poses safety risks. Like all liquid-based lithium-ion batteries, LFP batteries have a potential to produce solid lithium dendrites,
icicle-like formations which can pierce the physical separators in LFP batteries, which are necessary in LFP batteries to separate the
positively charged liquid electrolyte from the negatively charged liquid electrolyte, and which, over time, will degrade the performance
of LFP batteries and potentially result in fire-related risks. The next phase in the development of lithium-ion batteries is solid-state
cell development, which contains a solid, rather than a liquid, electrolyte, eliminating many of the current disadvantages to LFP batteries
while increasing the safety of the battery cells. We believe that the development of our solid-state technology will provide us with
a unique competitive advantage. 

Compared
to current lithium-ion technology, where lithium-ions cross a liquid electrolyte barrier between a battery s anode (negative electrode)
and cathode (positive electrode), solid-state batteries aim to use a solid electrolyte to regulate the lithium-ions. As a battery charges
and discharges, an electrochemical reaction occurs creating a flow of electrical energy between the cathode, electrolyte and anode as
the electrodes lose and reacquire electrons. In addition to the use of non-toxic electrode components, the removal of a liquid electrolyte
will eliminate the risk of fire, making solid-state cells inherently safe. The move to a non-liquid electrolyte also means that solid-state
batteries will be, on average, smaller and lighter than existing lithium-ion batteries. The process for manufacturing our solid-state
cells is described below under Research and Development . 

Our
Products 

We
currently offer non-toxic deep cycle LFP batteries for use in the RV, marine vessel and off-grid storage markets. We believe that the
innovative design of our LFP batteries is ideally suited for the demands of modern customers who rely on consumer electronics, connected
devices and smart appliances that require continuous, reliable electricity. We also offer chargers and other accessories either individually
or as part of bundled packages. 

7 

Our
core products are LFP battery modules with a built-in battery management system offered under two brand names: Dragonfly Energy, which
sells primarily to OEMs, and Battle Born Batteries, which sells primarily direct to consumers and increasingly to OEMs. We currently
offer seven LFP battery models across our two brands, each differentiated by size, power and capacity, consisting of seven different
models, four of which come with a heated option. The following chart highlights the key features of each of our models: 

Each
battery model is capable of being discharged to a 100 depth of discharge and takes approximately five hours to charge to full capacity,
which is five times faster than a traditional lead-acid battery. Each module is designed to last between 3,000 and 5,000 cycles, at which
point the battery still holds 75 to 80 of its energy capacity. This equates to approximately 10 to 15 years of use (under typical conditions),
which is why each battery comes with an industry-leading 10-year full replacement manufacturers defect warranty. Our battery modules
are largely designed to be drop-in replacements for traditional lead-acid batteries, which means that they are designed
to fit standard RV or marine vessel configurations without any adjustments. Our LFP batteries are versatile and designed to be compatible
not just with standard chargers, but also with wind and solar power systems, and to be modular, and can be combined in series or in parallel
depending on customer needs. 

We
also offer certain of our battery models as an internally heated battery, which utilizes our proprietary technology to maintain optimal
internal settings in cold weather conditions, allowing customers to charge the battery even in low temperatures. The unique heating technology
does not require an external energy source and the self-regulating internal heater is only activated when needed, minimizing energy drain
and extending the useful life of the battery. Unlike traditional batteries, our batteries are maintenance free and do not require cleaning,
adding of water or venting for off gassing . 

In
April of 2022, we acquired the assets and intellectual property portfolio of Thomason Jones Company, LLC, including Wakespeed, in a move
that provides our OEM arm and consumer brand, Battle Born Batteries, the ability to offer complete alternator-connected systems for marine
and RV consumers and manufacturers. Wakespeed offers a unique alternator regulator and several other devices focused on energy systems
that are charged by a vehicle alternator. Wakespeed s product line continues to be offered to specialty OEM manufacturers and customers
but is now additionally offered alongside the innovative product lines of Dragonfly Energy and Battle Born Batteries. 

In
addition to our core battery products, we offer customers a number of adjacent products and accessories manufactured by third parties.
We offer a range of charging components that are designed for every application: inverter chargers (which allow users to recharge a DC
battery bank with AC power and also turn DC battery power into AC power), converter chargers (which allow users to charge from an AC
power source) and solar charge controllers (which manage power transfer from solar arrays to battery banks). 

8 

We
also offer customers a full suite of accessories and components to facilitate the installation of our products. These include plugs,
fuses, cables, adapters, sensors and interfaces pictured below. 

We
offer specially designed bundled packages of battery modules and accessories tailored to specific applications for both RVs, marine vessels
and off-grid residences, ranging in price from 675 to over 19,000, as shown below. 

With
our batteries being designed and assembled exclusively in-house, we are able to guarantee that we deliver high-quality batteries to customers.
We test our products to ensure they meet federal and local governmental regulations for both performance and safety. Our testing and
compliance with required standards and measurements are validated by a third-party lab, which includes UL Standard 2054, IEC 62133 and
the UN 38.3 shipping certification. 

Battery
Management System 

Our
proprietary battery management system is developed and tested in-house. It offers a complete solution for monitoring and controlling
our complex battery systems and is designed to protect battery cells from damage in various scenarios. We believe our battery management
system is industry-leading for a number of reasons: 

it
 enables batteries to draw power under 135 degrees Fahrenheit, and is designed to cut off charging at 24 degrees Fahrenheit to protect
 cells; 

it
 actively monitors the rate of change of currents to detect and prevent short circuiting, and also protects against potential ground
 faults; 

it
 allows for up to an average of 300 amps continuously, 500 amp surges for 30 seconds, and momentary, half second maximum capacity
 surges; 

it
 enables batteries to recharge even if completely drained; 

it
 utilizes larger resistors to ensure balanced loads to improve performance and extend useful life; and 

it
 facilitates scalability by enabling batteries to be combined in parallel and in series. 

9 

Battery
Communication System 

We
have developed a complete communication system branded Dragonfly IntelLigence, for which a U.S. non-provisional patent application and
an international PCT patent application have been filed, to be used with Dragonfly Energy OEM systems and Battle Born batteries and bundles.
This communication system will enable end customers to monitor each battery in real time, providing information on energy input and output
and current or voltage imbalances. The communication system will be able to communicate with up to 24 batteries in a bank at one time
and aggregate the data received from these batteries into a central system such as a phone or tablet. We expect to begin offering the
Dragonfly IntelLigence product line to customers as an adjacent component and in our product bundles during the first half of 2023. 

Alternator
Regulation 

Charging
batteries in a vehicle, such as a boat or RV, often requires pulling electrical current off of the vehicle s alternator. Alternator
regulation is important to ensure that the alternator does not get unduly stressed during the current delivery to the batteries, and
that the current delivery remains within the operating limits of the onboard battery bank. The acquisition of the assets of Wakespeed
allows us to deliver our own proprietary solution to alternator regulation while also leveraging an established brand name. Wakespeed
is especially popular in the marine industry, and our ability to offer this complete solution sets the stage for further penetration
into marine markets. 

Product
Pipeline 

Beyond
our current battery modules, we have several LFP products in development that will enable us to access additional end markets. 

New
 Products. Our current offerings feature battery products that serve the RV, marine vessel and off-grid markets. Although
 manufacturing operations were previously capacity constrained the expansion into our manufacturing facility will allow us to add
 production capacity and increase product offerings and scale based on demand. 

The
 majority of our current batteries are 12 voltage batteries, which provide 100 amp hours of energy and are an affordable solution
 to customers utilizing smaller or lower power applications. The smaller stature and drop-in replacement nature of these batteries
 have made these popular within the RV and marine vessel markets. Through the expansion of our 12 voltage battery product offerings,
 we will be able to penetrate further into additional applications including towable RVs, truck campers and trolling motors for small
 boats. 

We
 also offer 24 voltage batteries, which currently deliver 50 amp hours, and plan to further expand our 24 voltage battery offerings
 to provide additional drop-in replacements for AGM batteries. A single 24 voltage battery is more efficient than two 12 voltage batteries
 due to the ability to power directly from the source without sacrificing power through cables and connectors. This attractive power
 source is ideal for off-grid housing, telecommunication, solar, marine and motorized home markets, providing enhanced power to larger
 scale applications. A vast majority of telecommunication cell sites utilize 24 voltage batteries, greatly expanding our addressable
 market. 

We
 intend to offer 48 voltage batteries at 100 amp hours that utilize the Dragonfly IntelLigence system to maintain balance and full
 visibility into the status of all cells.. The 48 voltage batteries provide further efficiency gains with higher voltage. These higher
 voltage batteries are currently more suitable for luxury mobile homes, larger off-grid uses, and high-end marine applications. We
 aim to further expand our 48 voltage batteries end market exposure into other highly attractive industries including standby
 power for data center and utility grade energy storage. 

System
 Integrator. A natural evolution of our business is to offer customers a system integration solution providing more efficient
 power solutions at a cost-effective price point. We currently offer components and accessories necessary to build out complete lithium
 power systems, including solar panels, chargers and inverters, system monitoring, Wakespeed s alternator regulators, accessories,
 and more. We have an in-house expert customer service team that assists customers in fully integrating their applications to our
 technologies for a seamless transition to lithium-based energy storage systems. Through our evolving technology and the customized
 architecture and application of our products, we are able to offer customers a seamless transition to creating a centralized coordinated
 system. 

10 

Research
and Development 

Our
research and development is primarily focused on the advanced manufacturing of solid-state lithium-ion batteries using an LFP catholyte,
a solid electrolyte and an intercalation-based anolyte (intercalation being the reversible inclusion of a molecule or ion into layered
solids). We believe that solid-state batteries present a significant advantage to all products currently on the market, with the potential
to be lighter, smaller, safer and cheaper. Since our founding, our research team, led by our founder and CEO, has been developing solid-state
cell manufacturing technology and we aim to be a fully vertically integrated solid-state battery manufacturer. We have successfully tested
and are currently in the process of optimizing the composite materials that comprise the cathode, anode and electrolyte of the all-solid-state
battery. In addition, we are one of the only companies to focus on a true solid-state chemistry that conducts lithium with sufficiently
high conductivity and cycles lithium phosphate against graphite with positive results, and are in the process of testing more complicated
layered electrolyte compositions to maximize our cycling and power results. Our aim is to begin producing solid-state pouch cells from
a pilot production line by early 2024. 

Compared
to current lithium-ion technology, where lithium-ions cross a liquid electrolyte barrier between a battery s anode (negative electrode)
and cathode (positive electrode), solid-state batteries aim to use a solid electrolyte to regulate the lithium-ions. Our solid-state
batteries are designed to be multilayered pouch cells comprised of highly integrated layers of catholyte, electrolyte and anolyte contained
within industry standard aluminum foil at the cathode and industry standard copper or nickel foil at the anode, which are then combined
into larger battery packs. An illustrative solid-state cell is shown below. 

We
have developed proprietary processes, systems and materials that are protected by issued patents and pending patent applications that
we believe place us at the forefront of solid-state storage-focused battery technology. Our cells utilize a layered electrolyte design,
which increases stability by forming a stable solid electrolyte interface at both electrodes. Rather than requiring a solid-state separator,
we have designed a patent-pending spray drying process that encapsulates each grain of cathode (LFP) or anode (graphite) with a solid
electrolyte, which completely integrates the solid-state component, creating higher interface density and, therefore, more effective
connectivity. In addition, our cathodes and anodes do not require any liquid component, making this truly solid-state. In lieu of lithium
metal, our cathode component incorporates an intercalation material, such as graphite or silicon. This mitigates the risk of forming
lithium dendrites, which degrades cell performance and could potentially cause an internal short circuit. 

11 

The
utilization of our innovative, completely dry powder deposition technology in our manufacturing process is expected to result in faster
manufacturing times with lower upfront capital costs due to the elimination of expensive dryers and vacuum ovens. We believe this will
allow our production process to shift from batch production and convert to continuous production faster than our competitors. Our spray
powder coating application is highly automated, allowing us to utilize less space and fix overhead costs while increasing the precision
of our products and manufacturing capacity of the facility. Our manufacturing process is modular, allowing us to scale up depending upon
demand. 

The
next stage in our technical development is to construct the battery to optimize performance and longevity to meet and exceed industry
standards for our target storage markets. Ongoing testing and optimizing of more complicated batteries incorporating layered pouch cells
will assist us in determining the optimal cell chemistry to enhance conductivity and increase the number of cycles (charge and discharge)
in the cell lifecycle. 

We
intend to integrate our initial solid-state cells into Dragonfly Energy and Battle Born batteries and eventually scale to mass production
of solid-state cells. We aim to be a vertically integrated LFP solid-state cell manufacturer with our technology incorporated into our
own-branded products for sale to our own customers (including our OEM customers) but also other battery manufacturers. 

Headquarters,
Manufacturing and Production 

Our
headquarters is located in our 99,000 square foot manufacturing facility in Reno, Nevada. The lease for this building was entered into
on March 1, 2021 and expires on April 30, 2026. We do not own any real property. 

Our
facility provides a streamlined, partially autonomous production process for our current batteries, which comprises module assembly and
battery assembly. We currently have two production lines, with the availability to expand the number of lines to handle increased volumes
and the additional battery modules we intend to introduce in the near future. We plan to continue to expand our production capacity as
needed and estimate that our current production facility will allow for over 500 million in manufacturing sales capacity once fully
utilized. 

Our
manufacturing process is set out below: 

Our
manufacturing process is divided into two aspects: (i) module assembly and (ii) battery assembly. We use a combination of trained employees
and automated processes to increase production capacity and lower costs while maintaining the same level of quality our customers expect
from our products. Module assembly is a significantly automated process, implementing custom-designed equipment and systems to suit our
production needs. This includes cycling of individual cells to detect faulty components and to enable sorting by capacity. Our custom-designed
automated welders spot weld individual cells that are assembled into specified module jigs based on the desired amp hour. Completed modules
are then discharged to empty, recharged to full charge and sorted by capacity. Battery assembly is performed largely by hand by our trained
employees, although we continue to look for innovative ways to integrate automation into this process. Our proprietary battery management
system is thoroughly tested for quality cutoffs, then mounted onto individual modules, before the modules are bolted into its casing.
We aim to automate the battery management system testing and installation process, which we expect could increase production capacity
fourfold. We are currently implementing an automated process for the gluing and sealing process, which would incorporate a two-robot
system for gluing and epoxying, as well as a glue pallet system to move finished batteries. After the assembled batteries are tested
and sealed, they are processed for outbound distribution. 

On
February 8, 2022, we entered into a 124-month lease for an additional 390,240 square foot warehouse, which, once built, we intend to
utilize for the manufacture of our solid-state batteries. 

Supplier
Relationships 

We
have a well-established, global supply chain that underlies the sourcing of the components for our products, although we source domestically
wherever possible. We aim to maintain approximately six months worth of all components, other than cells, which we pre-order in
advance for the year to ensure adequate supply. For nearly all of our components, other than our battery management system, we ensure
that we have alternative suppliers available. Our battery management system is sourced from a single supplier based in China who we have
a nearly 10-year relationship with and who manufactures this component exclusively for us based on our proprietary design. Our cells
are sourced from two different, carefully selected cell manufacturers in China who are able to meet our demanding quality standards.
As a result of our long-standing relationships with these suppliers, we are able to source LFP cells on favorable terms and within reasonable
lead-times. 

12 

As
we look toward the production of our solid-state cells, we have signed a non-binding Memorandum of Understanding with a lithium
mining company and a lithium recycling company, both located in Nevada for the supply of lithium. 

Customers;
RV OEM Strategic Arrangements 

We
currently serve more than 15,000 customers in North America. Our existing customers consist of leading OEMs (such as Keystone, Thor,
REV Group and Airstream); distributors (who purchase large quantities of batteries from us and sell to consumers); upfitters (who augment
or customize vehicles for specific needs); and retail customers (who purchase from us directly). For the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, OEM sales represented 39.2 and 10.5 of our total revenues, respectively. 

We
have deep, long-standing relationships with many of our customers. We also have a diverse customer base, with our top 10 customers accounting
for 36.3 of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our customers primarily utilize our products for RVs, marine vessels
and off-grid residences. We work directly with OEMs to ensure compatibility with existing designs and also collaborate on custom designs
for new applications. 

The
RV market is characterized by low barriers to entry. In North America, there are two large publicly traded RV companies, THOR Industries
and REV Group, in addition to a number of independent RV OEMs. THOR and REV each own a number well-known RV OEM brands and their related
companies. These brands compete on a number of factors such as format (e.g., motorized or towable), price, design, value, quality and
service. On November 19, 2021, we entered into a long-term Manufacturing Supply Agreement with Keystone, a member of the THOR group and
the largest towable RV OEM in North America (the Supply Agreement ). Under the Supply Agreement, we will be the exclusive
supplier to Keystone for certain of its future LFP battery requirements, solidifying our long-standing relationship with Keystone. 

In
July 2022, we strengthened our ties with the THOR group of RV OEMs when (i) THOR Industries made a 15,000,000 strategic investment in
us and (ii) we agreed to enter into a future, mutually agreed distribution arrangement and joint IP development arrangement. This arrangement
and the Keystone arrangement facilitate our ongoing efforts to drive adoption of our products (leveraging the trend of LFP batteries
increasingly replacing lead-acid batteries) by, among other things, increasing the number of RV OEMs that design in our
batteries as original equipment and entering into arrangements with members of the various OEM dealer networks to stock our batteries
for service and for aftermarket replacement sales. Once the distribution agreement has been negotiated and signed, during a to-be-agreed
transition period, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to cease marketing and selling our products to other RV OEMs and suppliers
to RV OEMs in North America. Although the full distribution agreement with THOR has not been executed and is subject to negotiation in the future,
its terms are expected to include: (i) an initial term of 24 months, which THOR may renew for successive one-year periods; (ii) a requirement
that we be the sole provider of lithium-ion batteries to the US-based THOR family of companies for THOR sales in the United States, subject
to agreed exceptions; (iii) favored pricing for products and negotiated rebates or other incentives; (iv) a requirement that THOR and
its North American OEMs be our exclusive RV OEM customers for our products in North America, subject to agreed exceptions; and (v) agreeable
terms with respect to registered and unregistered intellectual property rights and technology rights (which do not include our existing
intellectual property, including our solid-state battery technologies and related IP rights), including necessary licenses between the
parties, third party licenses, and allocation of ownership of any intellectual property rights and/or technology rights developed as
a result of development efforts jointly undertaken between THOR and us, subject to certain limitations. 

We
continue to seek to grow our customer base within our existing segments; however, we also believe that our products are well suited to
address the needs in additional segments, including residential, commercial and/or industrial standby power, industrial vehicles (such
as forklifts, material handling equipment and compact construction equipment) and specialty vehicles (such as emergency vehicles, utility
vehicles and municipal vehicles) and we will seek to expand our market share in these segments in the future. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Our
proven sales and marketing strategy has allowed us to penetrate our current end markets efficiently. We use a variety of methods to educate
consumers on the benefits of LFP batteries and why they are a better investment compared to the legacy lead-acid batteries found in our
target end markets today. Through informational videos found on our website and social media platforms that educate consumers on the
benefits of LFP batteries and various DIY videos, we assist consumers on what they need for their battery system and how
to install and use batteries and accessories. 

13 

We
utilize a multi-pronged sales and marketing strategy to ensure that the Dragonfly Energy, Battle Born and Wakespeed brands are at the
forefront of their respective end markets. We have established strong relationships, particularly in the RV industry, through participation
in trade shows and other sponsored industry events, which have allowed us to reach both OEMs and retail customers and ensure we are aware
of evolving customer preferences. We are then able to leverage this customer feedback to collaborate with major OEMs to custom design
products for new and existing applications. 

In
addition to traditional print and media advertising, we have leveraged the growing influence of social media (such as YouTube, Instagram
and Facebook) and professional influencers to increase market awareness of our brands. We work closely with these influencers to create
a lasting relationship that showcases the performance of our products, rather than one-off promotions. Our products have also been featured
in television shows and on podcasts that cater specifically to RV enthusiasts. 

We
also value our direct relationships with retail customers. Our website and our customer service are key elements to our sales strategy.
Our website enables customers to purchase Wakespeed and Battle Born products directly and provides access to a range of videos covering
product information, technological benefits and installation guides. We have a team of experts dedicated to supporting our customers 
sales, technical and service needs. 

Competition 

Our
key competitors are principally traditional lead-acid battery and lithium-ion battery manufacturers, such as Samsung, CATL and Enovix,
in North America. We also compete against smaller LFP companies, who primarily either import their products or manufacture products under
a private label. Of these companies, there is no other company that has penetrated our core end markets to the same extent as we have,
and we believe that this is in large part due to the technological advantages that our products offer compared to other products in the
market. Our batteries are purpose-built to enhance the power and performance in any application or setting. We have specifically designed
our battery cases to fit into existing AGM battery racks and cabinets and offer a suite of compatible components and accessories in order
to make the replacement process simple enough for customers to do it themselves. We have optimized our technology to produce a lighter,
yet higher performing battery with a longer lifespan than incumbent lead-acid batteries. Our propriety battery management system and
internal heat technology enables our batteries to outperform not only traditional lead-acid batteries, but other lithium-ion products. 

With
regard to solid-state technology, we have two main competitors, QuantumScape and Solid Power. While both of these competitors are focused
on the development of solid-state technology for use in the propulsion of electric vehicles, we are focused on power storage applications,
which has different requirements. We believe that our proprietary processes, systems and materials provide us with a significant competitive
advantage in developing a fully solid-state, non-toxic and highly cost-effective energy solution. 

As
our solid-state technology comes to fruition and we begin to commercialize this product, we intend to become a vertically integrated
battery company, internalizing all aspects of the manufacturing and assembly process. This is comparable to companies such as Tesla,
BYD Limited and Li-Cycle. Our solid-state technology will also enable us to further penetrate the energy storage market, and we expect
to compete with technology-focused energy storage companies such as EOS Energy, ESS and STEM. 

Intellectual
Property 

The
success of our business and our technology leadership is supported by our proprietary battery technology. We have received patents and
filed patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions to provide protection for our technology. We rely upon a combination
of patent, trademark and trade secret laws in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as license agreements and other contractual
protections, to establish, maintain and enforce rights in our proprietary technologies. In addition, we seek to protect our intellectual
property rights through non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and through non-disclosure
agreements with business partners and other third parties. 

As
of December 31, 2022 we owned 26 issued patents and 22 pending patent applications. The patents and patent applications cover the United
States, China, Europe (with individual patents in Germany, France and the United Kingdom), Australia, Canada and other regions. We periodically
review and update our patent portfolio to protect our products and newly developed technologies. Currently, we have a combination of
issued patents and pending patent applications covering the ornamental design of our GC2 and GC3 batteries, a device and method for monitoring
battery systems, pre-coated solid-state electrolyte and electroactive powders and their methods of manufacture, methods and systems for
the dry spray deposition of materials in an electrochemical cell; a thermal fuse; battery systems implementing a mesh network communication
protocol; a power charging system for use during towing of a vehicle; and a power charging system with temperature based charging control.
These patents are expected to have expired or expire between May 2023 and 2043, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 

14 

We
periodically review our development efforts to assess the existence and patentability of new intellectual property. We pursue the registration
of our domain names and trademarks and service marks in the United States and other jurisdictions. In an effort to protect our brand,
as of December 31, 2022, we own four trademark registrations to cover our house marks in the United States and we have seven pending
trademark applications relating to our design logos and slogans in the United States. 

Government
Regulation and Compliance 

We
currently operate from a dedicated leased manufacturing facility, a leased warehouse and a podcast studio, each located in Reno, Nevada
as well as a leased R D facility in Sparks, Nevada. We have never owned any facility at which we operated. Operations at our facilities
are subject to a variety of environmental, health and safety regulations, including those governing the generation, handling, storage,
use, transportation, and disposal of hazardous materials. To conduct our operations, we have to obtain environmental, health, and safety
permits and registrations and prepare plans. We are subject to inspections and possible citations by federal, state, and local environmental,
health, and safety regulators. In transit, lithium-ion batteries are subject to rules governing the transportation of dangerous
goods. We have policies and programs in place to assure compliance with our obligations, such as policies relating to workplace
safety, fire prevention, hazardous material management and other emergency action plans. We train our employees and conduct audits of
our operations to assess our fulfillment of these policies. 

We
are also subject to laws imposing liability for the cleanup of releases of hazardous substances. Under the law, we can be liable even
if we did not cause a release on real property that we lease. We believe we have taken commercially reasonable steps to avoid such liability
with respect to our current leased facilities. 

Employees
and Human Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have 177 employees; 171 full-time, 2 part-time and 4 seasonal. We have adopted our Code of Ethics to support
and protect our culture, and we strive to create a workplace culture in line with our values: Tell the Truth, Be
Fair, Keep Your Promises, Respect Individuals, and Encourage Intellectual Curiosity. 
As part of our initiative to retain and develop our talent, we focus on these key areas: 

Safety Employees
 are regularly educated in safety around their workspaces, and employees participate in volunteer roles on a safety committee, and
 in emergency readiness roles. We have a dedicated safety coordinator who tracks and measures our performance, and helps us benchmark
 our safety programs against our peers. 

Diversity,
 Equity Inclusion Our culture has benefitted from the diversity of our workforce from the very beginning.
 Inclusion and equity are baked into the bricks of our values, which our employees demonstrate every day. Our human
 resources department and all our corporate officers and directors have an open door policy, and are able to constructively communicate
 with employees to resolve issues when they arise. 

Collaboration As
 we grow, opportunities for cross-functional collaboration are not as organic as they used to be. We have responded to that change
 by staying mindful and acting intentionally to gather cross-functional input on new initiatives and continuous improvement efforts. 

Continuous
 Improvement We apply continuous improvement measures to processes as well as people. We encourage professional
 development of our employees, through ongoing learning, credentialing, and collaboration with their industry peers. 

Attracting
and retaining high quality talent at every level of our business is crucial to our continuing success. We have developed relationships
with the University of Nevada Reno and the Nevada System of Higher Education to further our recruitment reach. We provide competitive
compensation and benefits packages, including performance-based compensation that rewards individual and organizational achievements. 

The
Business Combination 

On
October 7, 2022 (the Closing Date ), Chardan NexTech 2 Acquisition Corp., a Delaware company Chardan ),
and Dragonfly Energy Corp, a Nevada corporation (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, Legacy Dragonfly ),
consummated the merger (the Closing pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 15, 2022 (as
amended, the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among Chardan, Bronco Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation
and wholly-owned subsidiary of Chardan Merger Sub ), and Legacy Dragonfly. Pursuant to the Business Combination
Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy Dragonfly (the Merger and, together with the other transactions
contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination ), with Legacy Dragonfly continuing
as the surviving corporation in the Merger and as our wholly owned subsidiary. In connection with the Business Combination, Chardan changed
its name to Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. 

15 

Prior
to the completion of the Business Combination, Chardan was a shell company. Chardan was incorporated in the state of Delaware on June
23, 2020. Chardan consummated its initial public offering at a price of 10 per unit on August 13, 2021 (the Chardan IPO ).
Legacy Dragonfly was incorporated as a limited liability company in the State of Nevada on October 15, 2012 and reorganized as a corporation
under the laws of the State of Nevada on April 11, 2016. Following the Business Combination, our business is the business of Legacy Dragonfly. 

Merger
Consideration 

At
the Closing, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Chardan, Merger Sub, Legacy Dragonfly or the holders of any
of the following securities: 

(a)
Each outstanding share of Legacy Dragonfly s common stock, par value 0.001 per share Legacy Dragonfly Common
Stock ), converted into (i) a certain number of shares of our common stock, totaling 41,500,000 shares (including the
conversion and assumption of the options to purchase shares of Legacy Dragonfly Common Stock described below), which is equal to (x)
 415,000,000 divided by (y) 10.00 (the Merger Consideration and (ii) the contingent right to receive Earnout
Shares (as defined below) (which may be zero) following the Closing. 

(b)
Each option to purchase shares of Legacy Dragonfly Common Stock, was assumed and converted into options to acquire shares of our
common stock. The portion of the Merger Consideration reflecting the conversion of the Legacy Dragonfly options was calculated
assuming that all of our options are net-settled. With respect to Company options received in respect of Legacy Dragonfly options
that are outstanding immediately prior to the Closing and cash exercised after the Closing, up to 627,498 additional shares of our
common stock may be issued. At the Closing, approximately 38,576,648 shares of the Merger Consideration was allocated to holders of
outstanding shares of Legacy Dragonfly Common Stock and 3,664,975 shares of the Merger Consideration was allocated to holders of the
assumed Legacy Dragonfly options. 

Earnout
Merger Consideration 

In
addition to the Merger Consideration set forth above, additional contingent shares Earnout Shares may be payable
to each holder of shares of Legacy Dragonfly Common Stock in the Merger, subject to achieving specified milestones, up to an aggregate
of 40,000,000 additional shares of our common stock in three tranches. 

The
first tranche of 15,000,000 shares is issuable if our 2023 total audited revenue is equal to or greater than 250 million and our 2023
audited operating income is equal to or greater than 35 million. The second tranche of 12,500,000 shares is issuable upon achieving
a volume-weighted average trading price threshold of our common stock over any 20 trading days (which may or may not be consecutive)
within any 30 consecutive trading day period of at least 22.50 on or prior to December 31, 2026, and the third tranche of 12,500,000
shares is issuable upon achieving a volume-weighted average trading price threshold of common stock over any 20 trading days (which may
or may not be consecutive) within any 30 consecutive trading day period of at least 32.50 on or prior to December 31, 2028. To the extent
not previously earned, the second tranche is issuable if the 32.50 price target is achieved by December 31, 2028. 

Upon
the consummation of a change of control transaction during either the second milestone earnout period or the third milestone earnout
period, any earnout milestone with respect to such earnout period that has not yet been achieved shall automatically be deemed to have
been achieved if a change of control transaction is announced with an imputed share price of common stock of at least 22.50 on or prior
to the end of second earnout period or 32.50 on prior to the third earnout period. 

PIPE
Investment 

Pursuant
to the subscription agreement, dated as of May 15, 2022 (the Subscription Agreement ), by and between Chardan and
Chardan NexTech Investments 2 LLC (or an affiliate thereof if assigned pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, the Sponsor ),
the Sponsor agreed to purchase, and Chardan agreed to sell to the Sponsor, an aggregate of 500,000 shares of Chardan common stock Chardan
Common Stock for gross proceeds to Chardan of 5 million in a private placement. On September 28, 2022, the Sponsor and Chardan
Capital Markets LLC, a New York limited liability company CCM LLC ), entered into an assignment, assumption and
joinder agreement, pursuant to which the Sponsor assigned all of the Sponsor s rights, benefits and obligations under the Subscription
Agreement to CCM LLC. 

16 

Under
the Subscription Agreement, the number of shares of Chardan Common Stock that CCM LLC was obligated to purchase was to be reduced by
the number of shares of Chardan Common Stock that CCM LLC purchased in the open market, provided that such purchased shares were not
redeemed, and the aggregate price to be paid under the Subscription Agreement was to be reduced by the amount of proceeds received by
us because such shares are not redeemed (the Offset ). During the week of September 26, 2022 CCM LLC acquired in
the open market in total 485,000 shares of our common stock at purchase prices per share ranging from 10.33 to 10.38 (such shares,
the Purchased Shares ). The Purchased Shares were not redeemed, resulting in (i) our receipt of 5,016,547 from the
trust account that held the proceeds from the Chardan IPO (based on a per share redemption price of 10.34) and (ii) a reduction in CCM
LLC s purchase commitment under the Subscription Agreement to zero in accordance with the Offset. 

Debt
Financing 

Consistent
with the commitment letter (the Debt Commitment Letter dated May 15, 2022 by and between Chardan and Legacy Dragonfly,
CCM Investments 5 LLC, an affiliate of CCM LLC CCM 5 , and in connection with the Term Loan, the Chardan
Lender ), and EICF Agent LLC EIP and, collectively with the Chardan Lender, the Initial Term Loan
Lenders ), in connection with the Closing, Chardan, Legacy Dragonfly and the Initial Term Loan Lenders entered into the Term Loan,
Guarantee and Security Agreement (the Term Loan Agreement setting forth the terms of a senior secured term loan
facility in an aggregate principal amount of 75 million (the Term Loan ). The Chardan Lender backstopped its commitment
under the Debt Commitment Letter by entering into a backstop commitment letter, dated as of May 20, 2022 (the Backstop Commitment
Letter ), with a certain third-party financing source (the Backstop Lender and collectively with EIP,
the Term Loan Lenders ), pursuant to which the Backstop Lender committed to purchase from the Chardan Lender the
aggregate amount of the Term Loan held by the Chardan Lender (the Backstopped Loans immediately following the issuance
of the Term Loan on the Closing Date. Pursuant to an assignment agreement, the Backstopped Loans were assigned by CCM 5 to the Backstop
Lender on the Closing Date. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Term Loan Agreement, the Term Loan was advanced in one tranche on the Closing Date. The proceeds of the Term Loan
were used (i) to refinance on the Closing Date prior indebtedness, (ii) to support the Business Combination under the Business Combination
Agreement, (iii) for working capital purposes and other corporate purposes, and (iv) to pay any fees associated with transactions contemplated
under the Term Loan Agreement and the other loan documents entered into in connection therewith, including the transactions described
in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) and fees and expenses related to the business combination. The Term Loan amortizes in the amount
of 5 per annum beginning 24 months after the Closing Date and matures on the fourth anniversary of the Closing Date Maturity
Date ). The Term Loan accrues interest (i) until April 1, 2023, at a per annum rate equal to the adjusted Secured Overnight
Financing Rate SOFR plus a margin equal to 13.5 , of which 7 will be payable in cash and 6.5 will be paid in-kind,
(ii) thereafter until October 1, 2024, at a per annum rate equal to adjusted SOFR plus 7 payable in cash plus an amount ranging from
4.5 to 6.5 , depending on the senior leverage ratio of the consolidated company, which will be paid-in-kind and (iii) at all times thereafter,
at a per annum rate equal to adjusted SOFR plus a margin ranging from 11.5 to 13.5 payable in cash, depending on the senior leverage
ratio of the consolidated company. In each of the foregoing cases, adjusted SOFR will be no less than 1 . 

We
may elect to prepay all or any portion of the amounts owed prior to the Maturity Date; provided that we provide notice to Alter
Domus (US) LLC, as administrative agent for the lenders (the Administrative Agent ), and the amount is
accompanied by the applicable prepayment premium, if any. Prepayments of the Term Loan are required to be accompanied by a premium
of 5 of the principal amount so prepaid if made prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, 3 if made on and after the
first anniversary but prior to the second anniversary of the Closing Date, 1 if made after the second anniversary of the Closing
Date but prior to the third anniversary of the Closing Date, and 0 if made on or after the third anniversary of the Closing Date.
If the Term Loan is accelerated following the occurrence of an event of default, Legacy Dragonfly is required to immediately pay to
lenders the sum of all obligations for principal, accrued interest, and the applicable prepayment premium. 

In
addition to the foregoing, Legacy Dragonfly is required to prepay the Term Loan with the net cash proceeds of certain asset sales and
casualty events (subject to certain customary exceptions), with the net cash proceeds of the issuance of indebtedness that is not otherwise
permitted to be incurred under the Term Loan Agreement, upon the receipt of net cash proceeds from an equity issuance in an amount equal
to 25 of such net cash proceeds, and commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023, with the excess cash flow for each such
fiscal year in an amount equal to either 25 or 50 of such excess cash flow depending on the senior leverage ratio of the consolidated
company less the amount of any voluntary prepayments made during such fiscal year. 

Pursuant
to the Term Loan Agreement, the obligations of Legacy Dragonfly are guaranteed by us and will be guaranteed by any of Legacy
Dragonfly s subsidiaries that are party thereto as guarantors. Pursuant to the Term Loan Agreement, the Administrative Agent
was granted a security interest in substantially all of the personal property, rights and assets of us and Legacy Dragonfly to
secure the payment of all amounts owed to lenders under the Term Loan Agreement. In addition, we entered into a Pledge Agreement
(the Pledge Agreement pursuant to which we pledged to the Administrative Agent our equity interests in Legacy
Dragonfly as further collateral security for the obligations under the Term Loan Agreement. 

17 

The
Term Loan Agreement contains affirmative and restrictive covenants and representations and warranties. We and our subsidiaries are bound
by certain affirmative covenants setting forth actions that are required during the term of the Term Loan Agreement, including, without
limitation, certain information delivery requirements, obligations to maintain certain insurance, and certain notice requirements. Additionally,
we, Legacy Dragonfly and each of our subsidiaries that are guarantors will be bound by certain restrictive covenants
setting forth actions that are not permitted to be taken during the term of the Term Loan Agreement without prior written consent, including,
without limitation, incurring certain additional indebtedness, consummating certain mergers, acquisitions or other business combination
transactions, and incurring any non-permitted lien or other encumbrance on assets. The Term Loan Agreement also contains other customary
provisions, such as confidentiality obligations and indemnification rights for the benefit of the administrative agent and lenders. The
Term Loan Agreement contains financial covenants requiring the credit parties to (a) maintain minimum liquidity (generally, the balance
of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents in our account that is subject to a control agreement in favor of the Administrative Agent)
of at least 10,000,000 as of the last day of each fiscal month commencing with the fiscal month ending December 31, 2022, (b) if the
daily average liquidity for any fiscal quarter ending on December 31, 2022, March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023, or September 30, 2023 is less
than 17,500,000 and for each fiscal quarter thereafter (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2023), maintain a senior
leverage ratio (generally, aggregate debt minus up to 500,000 of unrestricted cash of Chardan and its subsidiaries divided by consolidated
EBITDA for the trailing twelve month period just ended) of not more than 6.75 to 1.00 for fiscal quarters ending December 31, 2022 to
March 31, 2023, 6.00 to 1.00 for fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2023 to September 30, 2023, 5.00 to 1.00 for fiscal quarters ending
December 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024, 4.00 to 1.00 for fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2024 to September 30, 2024, 3.25 to 1.00 for fiscal
quarters ending December 31, 2024 to March 31, 2025, and 3.00 to 1.00 for fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2025 and thereafter, (c) if
liquidity is less than 15,000,000 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022),
maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio for the trailing four fiscal quarter period of no less than 1.15:1.00 as of the last day of such
fiscal quarter, and (d) if consolidated EBITDA is less than 15,000,000 for any trailing twelve month period ending on the last day of
the most recently completed fiscal quarter, cause capital expenditures to not exceed 500,000 for the immediately succeeding fiscal quarter
(subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Term Loan Agreement). 

Warrant
Agreements 

In
connection with the entry into the Term Loan Agreement, and as a required term and condition thereof, we issued (i) penny warrants to
the Term Loan Lenders under the Term Loan exercisable to purchase 2,593,056 shares at an exercise price of 0.01 per share, which was
equal to approximately 5.6 of common stock calculated on an agreed fully diluted outstanding basis on the issuance date (the Penny
Warrants and (ii) warrants to the Term Loan Lenders under the Term Loan exercisable to purchase 1,600,000 shares of our common
stock at an exercise price of 10.00 per share (the 10 Warrants and, together with the Penny Warrants, the Warrants ). 

The
Penny Warrants have an exercise period of 10 years from the date of issuance. As of March 15, 2023, 1,248,294 shares of common stock
have been issued upon the exercise of Penny Warrants. 

The
 10 Warrants had an exercise period of five years from the date of issuance and had customary cashless exercise provisions. As of December
31, 2022, the 10 Warrants have been exercised in full and are no longer outstanding. 

The
Penny Warrants have, and the 10 Warrants had, specified anti-dilution protection against subsequent equity sales or distributions, subject
to exclusions including for issuances upon conversion exercise or exchange of securities outstanding as of the Closing Date, issuances
pursuant to agreements in effect as of the Closing Date, issuances pursuant to employee benefit plans and similar arrangements, issuances
in joint ventures, strategic arrangements or other non-financing type transactions and issuances pursuant to any public equity offerings.
In addition, no anti-dilution adjustment will be made with respect to issuances of common stock pursuant to the ChEF Equity Facility
(as defined below) (or replacement thereof) sold at a per share price above 5.00. 

The
shares issued or issuable upon exercise of the Warrants have customary registration rights, which are contained in the respective forms
of the Warrants, requiring us to file and keep effective a resale registration statement registering the resale of the shares of common
stock underlying the Warrants. 

18 

ChEF
Equity Facility 

Consistent
with the equity facility letter agreement dated May 15, 2022 between Legacy Dragonfly and CCM 5, we entered into a purchase agreement
(the Purchase Agreement and a Registration Rights Agreement (the ChEF RRA with CCM LLC in connection
with the Closing. Pursuant to and on the terms of the Purchase Agreement, we have the right to sell and direct CCM to purchase an amount
of shares of our common stock, up to a maximum aggregate purchase price of 150 million, from time to time, over the term of the equity
facility (the ChEF Equity Facility ). In addition, we appointed LifeSci Capital, LLC as a qualified independent
underwriter with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. 

Under
the terms of the Purchase Agreement, CCM LLC will not be obligated to (but may, at its option, choose to) purchase shares of common stock
to the extent the number of shares to be purchased would exceed the lowest of the number of shares of common stock (i) which would result
in beneficial ownership (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13d-3 promulgated thereunder) by CCM LLC,
together with its affiliates, of more than 9.9 , (ii) which would cause the aggregate purchase price on the applicable VWAP Purchase
Date (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) for such purchases to exceed 3 million and (iii) equal to 20 of the total number of shares
of common stock that would count towards VWAP on the applicable Purchase Date of such purchase. As of April 17, 2023, 98,500 shares
have been issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement with CCM LLC for aggregate net proceeds to us of 670,593. 

The
net proceeds from any sales under the Purchase Agreement will depend on the frequency with, and prices at, which shares of common stock
are sold to CCM LLC. To the extent we sell shares of our common stock under the Purchase Agreement, we currently plan to use any proceeds
therefrom for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 

CCM
LLC is an affiliate of the Sponsor. In light of the beneficial ownership limitation set forth above, the Sponsor has agreed that the
private placement warrants held by Chardan NexTech 2 Warrant Holdings LLC Warrant Holdings ), also an affiliate
of the Sponsor, may not be exercised to the extent an affiliate of the Sponsor (including CCM LLC) is deemed to beneficially own, or
it would cause such affiliate to be deemed to beneficially own, more than 7.5 of our common stock. 

In
addition, pursuant to the ChEF RRA, we have agreed to provide CCM LLC with certain registration rights with respect to the shares of
common stock issued subject to the Purchase Agreement. 

The
Purchase Agreement will automatically terminate on the earliest to occur of (i) the 36-month anniversary of the later of (x) the closing
of the Business Combination and (y) effective date of the Initial Registration Statement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), (ii)
the date on which CCM LLC shall have purchased 150 million of shares of our common stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, (iii) the
date on which our common stock shall have failed to be listed or quoted on Nasdaq or any successor principal market and (iv) the commencement
of certain bankruptcy proceedings or similar transactions with respect to us or all or substantially all of our property. 

Related
Agreements 

Concurrently
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, Chardan, Legacy Dragonfly and the Sponsor entered into a sponsor support agreement. 

Indemnification
of Directors and Officers 

On
the Closing Date, in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, we entered into indemnification agreements with each
of our directors and executive officers. These agreements, among other things, require us to indemnify our directors and executive officers
for certain expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments and fines incurred by a director or executive officer in any action
or proceeding arising out of their services as one of our directors or executive officers or any other company or enterprise to which
the person provides services at our request. 

Registration
Rights Agreement 

On
the Closing Date, in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination Agreement, we entered into the Amended and Restated
Registration Rights Agreement (the Insider Registration Rights Agreement with the Sponsor, Chardan s officers,
directors, initial stockholders, CCM LLC and Warrant Holdings, an affiliate of the Sponsor (collectively, the Insiders and certain Legacy Dragonfly stockholders for the registration of certain securities held by the Insiders. 

Other
Agreements 

On
January 1, 2022, we entered into an asset purchase agreement (the APA with Bourns Productions, Inc., a Nevada corporation Bourns Production ), pursuant to which we acquired machinery, equipment and a lease for a podcast studio from Bourns
Production as set forth in the APA for a purchase price of approximately 197,000, which was the approximated fair market value. Tyler
Bourns, our Chief Marketing Officer, is the owner and president of Bourns Productions. 

On
April 4, 2022, we entered into an asset purchase agreement APA with Thomason Jones Company, LLC, a Washington
limited liability company TJC ), pursuant to which we acquired intellectual property rights and inventory for a
purchase price of approximately 444,000 which was the approximated fair market value. William Thomason and Richard Jones, our engineer
and sales representative, are the managing members of TJC. 

19 

On
November 4, 2022, we announced that Sean Nichols, our former Chief Operating Officer, would be leaving the Company to pursue other interests.
His last day of employment was November 7, 2022 (the Separation Date ). On October 25, 2022, we entered into a separation
and release agreement with Mr. Nichols that became effective and fully irrevocable on November 2, 2022, which was subsequently amended
on November 14, 2022 (as amended, the Separation Agreement ). Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, Mr. Nichols received
a cash payment of 100,000 in one installment in December 2022 and is entitled to receive a cash payment of 1,000,000 in 24 monthly
installments commencing in December 2022. Mr. Nichols outstanding equity awards granted by us will fully vest and, in the case
of options, will be exercisable for 12 months following the Separation Date. The Separation Agreement also provides that we will pay
a portion of Mr. Nichols premiums to continue participation in our health insurance plans for up to 18 months following the Separation
Date. The Separation Agreement includes a general release of claims by Mr. Nichols and certain restrictive covenants in favor of us,
including non-competition and non-solicitation covenants for 12 months following the Separation Date. 

Recent
Developments 

On
February 24, 2023, we entered into the First Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the Restated Agreement with John Marchetti, our Chief Financial Officer. The Restated Agreement amended and restated the employment agreement, dated October
11, 2022, by and between us and Mr. Marchetti (the Original Agreement ). The Restated Agreement provides that Mr.
Marchetti will receive a minimum annual bonus of 175,000 for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. All other terms of the Restated
Agreement remain the same as the Original Agreement. 

On
March 5, 2023, we issued an unsecured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 1.0 million (the Principal Amount to Brian Nelson, one of our directors, in a private placement in exchange for cash in an equal amount. The Note became due and payable
in full on April 1, 2023. We were also obligated to pay 100,000 (the Loan Fee to Mr. Nelson on April 4, 2023.
We paid the Principal Amount and the Loan Fee in full on April 1, 2023 and April 4, 2023, respectively. 

On
March 29, 2023, we obtained a waiver from our Administrative Agent and Term Loan Lenders of our failures to satisfy the fixed charge coverage ratio and maximum senior leverage
ratio with respect to the minimum cash requirements under the Term Loan during the quarter ended March 31, 2023. 

On
March 31, 2023 (the Effective Date ), we changed our state of incorporation from the State of Delaware to the State
of Nevada (the Reincorporation pursuant to a plan of conversion dated March 30, 2023 (the Plan of Conversion ).
The Reincorporation was accomplished by filing: (i) a certificate of conversion with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware 
(ii) articles of conversion with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada and (iii) articles of incorporation (the Articles
of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada. In connection with the Reincorporation, our board
of directors adopted new bylaws in the form attached to the Plan of Conversion (the Bylaws ). 

The
Reincorporation was previously submitted to a vote of, and approved by, the Company s stockholders at a special meeting of stockholders
held on February 28, 2023 (the Special Meeting ). The Reincorporation did not affect any of our material contracts
with any third parties, and our rights and obligations under those material contractual arrangements continue to be rights and obligations
of us after the Reincorporation. The Reincorporation did not result in any change in our business, jobs, management, number of employees,
assets, liabilities or net worth (other than as a result of the costs incident to the Reincorporation). Pursuant to the Plan of Conversion,
our issued and outstanding shares of common stock were automatically converted and certificates representing shares of common stock automatically
represented shares of common stock of the reincorporated company as of the Effective Date. 

Corporate
Information 

The
mailing address of our principal executive office is 1190 Trademark Dr. #108, Reno, Nevada 89521, and our telephone number is (775) 622-3448.
On March 31, 2023, we effected the Reincorporation from the State of Delaware into the State of Nevada. 

We
file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such reports, proxy statements and other information may
be obtained, free of charge, by visiting the SEC s website at www.sec.gov that contains all of the reports, proxy and information
statements, and other information that we electronically file or furnish to the SEC. We also maintain a website at www.dragonflyenergy.com
where we make available the proxy statements, press releases, registration statements and reports on Forms 3, 4, 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q that
we (and in the case of Section 16 reports, our insiders) file with the SEC. These forms are made available as soon as reasonably practicable
after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Press releases are also issued via electronic transmission
to provide access to our financial and product news, and we provide notification of and access to voice and internet broadcasts of our
quarterly and annual results. Our website also includes investor presentations and corporate governance materials. 

20 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

An
investment in our common stock is speculative and illiquid and involves a high degree of risk including the risk of a loss of your entire
investment. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information contained in this report
and our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The risks set forth below are not the
only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties may exist that could also adversely affect our business, operations and financial
condition. If any of the following risks actually materialize, our business, financial condition and/or operations could suffer. In such
event, the value of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or a substantial portion of the money that you pay for our
common stock. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Risks
Related to Our Existing Lithium-Ion Battery Operations 

Our
 business and future growth depends on the needs and success of our customers. 

We
 operate in a competitive industry. We expect that the level of competition will increase and the nature of our competitors will change
 as we develop new LFP battery products for, and enter into, new markets, and as the competitive landscape evolves. 

We
 may not succeed in our medium- and long-term strategy of entering into new end markets for LFP batteries and our success depends,
 in part, on our ability to successfully develop and manufacture new products for, and acquire customers in, these new markets and
 successfully grow our operations and production capabilities (including, in time, our ability to manufacture solid-state cells in-house). 

We
 currently rely on two suppliers to provide our LFP cells and a single supplier for the manufacture of our battery management system. Any
 disruption in the operations of these key suppliers could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We
 are currently, and likely will continue to be, dependent on a single manufacturing facility. If our facility becomes inoperable
 for any reason, or our automation and expansion plans do not yield the desired effects, our ability to produce our products could
 be negatively impacted. 

Risks
Related to Our Solid-State Technology Development 

We
 face significant engineering challenges in our attempts to develop and manufacture solid-state battery cells and these efforts may
 be delayed or fail which could negatively impact our business. 

We
 expect to make significant investments in our continued research and development of solid-state battery technology development, and
 we may be unable to adequately control the costs associated with manufacturing our solid-state battery cells. 

If
 our solid-state batteries fail to perform as expected, our ability to further develop, market and sell our solid-state batteries
 could be harmed. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

We
 rely heavily upon our intellectual property portfolio. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our business
 and competitive position would be harmed. 

We
 may need to defend ourselves against intellectual property infringement claims, which may be time-consuming and could cause us to
 incur substantial costs . 

General
Risk Factors 

The
 uncertainty in global economic conditions, including the Russia-Ukraine conflict, could reduce consumer spending and disrupt our
 supply chain which could negatively affect our results of operations. 

The
 loss of one or more members of our senior management team, other key personnel or our failure to attract additional qualified personnel
 may adversely affect our business and our ability to achieve our anticipated level of growth. 

If
 we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of customer service,
 or adequately address competitive challenges. 

21 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Requirements 

Our
 business is capital intensive, and we may not be able to raise additional capital on attractive terms, if at all. Any further indebtedness
 we incur may limit our operational flexibility in the future. 

Failure to comply with the financial covenants in our loan agreement could
allow our lenders to accelerate payment under our loan agreement, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of obligations
and financial position and raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Restrictions
 imposed by our outstanding indebtedness and any future indebtedness may limit our ability to operate our business and to finance
 our future operations or capital needs or to engage in acquisitions or other business activities necessary to achieve growth. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Future
 issuances of debt securities and equity securities may adversely affect us and may be dilutive to existing stockholders. 

We
 may issue additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities without your approval, which would dilute your ownership
 interests and may depress the market price of your shares. 

Risks
Related to Our Existing Lithium-Ion Battery Operations 

Our
business and future growth depends on the needs and success of our OEM s and similar customers. 

The
demand for our products, including sales to OEM s , ultimately depends on consumers in our current end markets (primarily owners
of RVs, marine vessels and off-grid residences). The performance and growth of these markets is impacted by numerous factors, including
macro-economic conditions, consumer spending, travel restrictions, fuel costs and energy demands (including an increasing trend towards
the use of green energy). Increases or decreases in these variables may significantly impact the demand for our products. If we fail
to accurately predict demand, we may be unable to meet our customers needs, resulting in the loss of potential sales, or we may
produce excess products, resulting in increased inventory and overcapacity in our production facilities, increasing our unit production
cost and decreasing our operating margins. 

An
increasing proportion of our revenue has been and is expected to continue to be derived from sales to RV OEMs. Our RV OEM sales have
been on a purchase order basis, without firm revenue commitments, and we expect that this will likely continue to be the case. For example,
under our Supply Agreement with Keystone RV Company, or Keystone, the largest manufacturer of towable RVs in North America, Keystone
has agreed to fulfill certain of its LFP battery requirements exclusively through us for at least one year, with automatic annual renewals.
However, although in time we expect Keystone to be significant contributor to our projected growth in RV OEM battery sales, this arrangement
may not deliver the anticipated benefits, as there are no firm purchase commitments, sales will continue to be made on a purchase order
basis, Keystone is permitted to purchase other LFP batteries from third parties and this arrangement may not be renewed. In addition,
in July 2022, we agreed to a strategic investment by THOR Industries, or THOR, which, among other things, contemplates a future, mutually
agreed exclusive distribution agreement with THOR in North America. Although we expect that THOR will be a be significant contributor
to our projected growth in RV OEM battery sales, this arrangement may not deliver the anticipated benefits and this distribution agreement
may, in the future, preclude us from dealing with other large RV OEMs and their associated brands in North America or otherwise could
negatively impact our relationships with those RV OEMs to whom we may be permitted to supply our batteries. Increased overall RV OEM
sales may not materialize as expected or at all and we may fail to achieve our targeted sales levels. Future RV OEM sales are subject
to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the number of RVs that these OEMs manufacture and sell (which can be impacted by a
variety of events including those disrupting our OEM customers operations due to supply chain disruptions or labor constraints);
the degree to which our OEM customers incorporate/design-in our batteries into their RV product lines; the extent to which RV owners,
if applicable, opt to purchase our batteries upon initial purchase of their RV or in the aftermarket; and our continued ability to successfully
develop and introduce reliable and cost-effective batteries meeting evolving industry standards and customer specifications and preferences.
Our failure to adequately address any of these risks may result in lost sales which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

In
addition, our near-term growth depends, in part, on the continued growth of the end markets in which we currently operate. Although the
total addressable market for RVs, marine vessels and off-grid residences is estimated to reach 12 billion by 2025, these markets may
not grow as expected or at all, and we may be unable to maintain existing customers and/or attract new customers in these markets. Our
failure to maintain or expand our share of these growing markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We
may not be able to engage target customers successfully and convert these customers into meaningful orders in the future. 

Our
success, and our ability to increase sales and operate profitably, depends on our ability to identify target customers and convert these
customers into meaningful orders, as well as our continued development of existing customer relationships. Although we have developed
a multi-pronged sales and marketing strategy to penetrate our end markets and reach a range of customers, this strategy may not continue
to be effective in reaching or converting target customers into orders, or as we expand into additional markets. Recently, we have also
dedicated more resources to developing relationships with certain key RV OEMs, such as Keystone, which we aim to convert into collaborations
on custom designs and/or long-term contractual arrangements. We may be unable to convert these relationships into meaningful orders or
renew these arrangements going forward, which may require us to expend additional cost and management resources to engage other target
customers. 

22 

Our
sales to any future or current customers may decrease for reasons outside our control, including loss of market share by customers to
whom we supply products, reduced or delayed customer requirements, supply and/or manufacturing issues affecting production, reputational
harm or continued price reductions. Furthermore, in order to attract and convert customers we must continue to develop batteries that
address our current and future customers needs. Our failure to achieve any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
operate in a competitive industry. We expect that the level of competition will increase and the nature of our competitors will change
as we develop new LFP battery products for, and enter into, new markets, and as the competitive landscape evolves. These competitive
and other factors could result in lost potential sales and lower average selling prices and profitability for our products. 

We
compete with traditional lead-acid battery manufacturers and lithium-ion battery manufacturers, who primarily either import their products
or components or manufacture products under a private label. As we continue to expand into new markets, develop new products and move
towards production of our solid-state cells, we will experience competition with a wider range of companies. These include companies
focused on solid-state cell production, vertically integrated energy companies and other technology-focused energy storage companies.
We believe our main competitive advantage in displacing incumbent lead-acid batteries is that we produce a lighter, safer, higher performing,
cost-effective battery with a longer lifespan. We believe our go-to-market strategy, established brands, proven reliability and relationships
with OEMs and end consumers both (i) enable us to compete effectively against other battery manufacturers and (ii) position us favorably
to expand into new addressable markets. However, OEM sales typically result in lower average selling prices and related margins, which
could result in overall margin erosion, affect our growth or require us to raise our prices. As a result, we may be unable to maintain
this competitive advantage given the rapidly developing nature of the industry in which we operate. 

Our
current competitors have, and future competitors may have, greater resources than we do. Our competitors may be able to devote greater
resources to the development of their current and future technologies. These competitors may also be able to devote greater resources
to sales and marketing efforts, affording them greater access to customers, and may be able to establish cooperative or strategic relationships
amongst themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their competitive positioning. In addition, foreign producers may be
able to employ labor at significantly lower costs than producers in the United States, expand their export capacity and increase their
marketing presence in our major end markets. We expect actual and potential competitors to continue their efforts to develop alternative
battery technologies and introduce new products with more desirable, attractive features. These new technologies and products may be
introduced sooner than our offerings and could gain greater market acceptance. Although we believe we are a leader in developing solid-state
battery technology (particularly for energy storage applications) new competitors may emerge, alternative approaches to solid-state battery
technology may be developed and competitors may seek to market solid-state battery technologies better suited for other applications
such as EV s to our target markets. 

Additional
competitive and other factors may result in lost sales opportunities and declines in average sales prices and overall product profitability.
These include rapidly evolving technologies, industry standards, economic conditions and end-customer preferences. Our failure to adapt
to or address these factors as they arise could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may not succeed in our medium- and long-term strategy of entering into new end markets for LFP batteries and our success depends, in
part, on our ability to successfully develop and manufacture new products for, and acquire customers in, these new markets and successfully
grow our operations and production capabilities (including, in time, our ability to manufacture solid-state cells in-house). 

Our
future success depends, in part, upon our ability to expand into additional end markets identified by us as opportunities for our LFP
batteries. These markets include solar integration industrial, specialty and work vehicles, material handling, rail, and emergency and
standby power in the medium term, and data centers, telecom and distributed on-grid storage in the longer term. Our ability to expand
into these markets depends on a number of factors, including the continued growth of these markets, having sufficient capital to expand
our product offerings (including in the longer term batteries incorporating, once developed, our solid-state cells) and manufacturing
capacity, developing products adapted to customer needs and preferences in these markets, our successful expansion of our manufacturing
capabilities in order to meet customer demand, our ability to identify and convert potential customers within these markets and our ability
to attract and retain qualified personnel to assist in these efforts. Although we intend to devote resources and management time to understanding
these new markets, we may face difficulties in understanding and accurately predicting the demographics, preferences and purchasing habits
of customers and consumers in these markets. If we fail to execute on our growth strategies in accordance with our expectations, our
sales growth would be limited to the growth of existing products and existing end markets, and this could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

23 

Further,
if we are unable to manage the growth of our operations effectively to match the growth in sales, we may incur unexpected expenses and
be unable to meet our customers requirements, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. A key component of our growth strategy is the expansion and automation of our manufacturing sales capacity to address
expected growing product demand and to accommodate our production of solid-state cells at scale. We have experienced supply delays in
obtaining the necessary components to implement our automated adhesive application systems, as well as our pilot production line for
our solid-state cells, and we may continue to experience component shortages in the future, which may negatively impact our ability to
achieve these aspects of our growth strategy on time or at all. The costs of our expansion and automation efforts may be greater than
expected, and we may fail to achieve anticipated cost efficiencies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. We must also attract, train and retain a significant number of skilled employees, including engineers,
sales and marketing personnel, customer support personnel and management, and the availability of such personnel may be constrained.
Failure to effectively manage our growth could also lead us to over-invest or under-invest in development and operations; result in weaknesses
in our infrastructure, systems or controls; give rise to operational mistakes, financial losses, loss of productivity or business opportunities;
and result in loss of employees and reduced productivity of remaining employees, any of which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
currently rely on two suppliers to provide our LFP cells and a single supplier for the manufacture of our battery management system.
Any disruption in the operations of these key suppliers could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We
currently rely on two carefully selected cell manufacturers located in China, and a single supplier, also located in China, to manufacture
our proprietary battery management system, and we intend to continue to rely on these suppliers going forward. 

Our
dependence on a limited number of key third-party suppliers exposes us to challenges and risks in ensuring that we maintain adequate
supplies required to produce our LFP batteries. Although we carefully manage our inventory and lead-times, we may experience a delay
or disruption in our supply chain and/or our current suppliers may not continue to provide us with LFP cells or our battery management
systems in our required quantities or to our required specifications and quality levels or at attractive prices. Our close working relationships
with our China-based LFP cell suppliers to-date, reflected in our ability to increase our purchase order volumes (qualifying us for related
volume-based discounts) and to order and receive delivery of cells in advance of required demand, has helped us moderate or offset increased
supply-related costs associated with inflation, currency fluctuations and tariffs imposed on our battery cell imports by the U.S. government
and avoid potential shipment delays. If we are unable to enter into or maintain commercial agreements with these suppliers on favorable
terms, or if any of these suppliers experience unanticipated delays, disruptions or shutdowns or other difficulties ramping up their
supply of products or materials to meet our requirements, our manufacturing operations and customer deliveries would be seriously impacted,
potentially resulting in liquidated damages and harm to our customer relationships. Although we believe we could locate alternative suppliers
to fulfill our needs, we may be unable to find a sufficient alternative supply in a reasonable time or on commercially reasonable terms. 

Further,
our dependence on these third-party suppliers entails additional risks, including: 

inability,
 failure or unwillingness of third-party suppliers to comply with regulatory requirements; 

breach
 of supply agreements by the third-party suppliers; 

misappropriation
 or disclosure of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how; 

relationships
 that third-party suppliers may have with others, which may include our competitors, and failure of third-party suppliers to adequately
 fulfill contractual duties, resulting in the need to enter into alternative arrangements, which may not be available, desirable or
 cost-effective; and 

termination
 or nonrenewal of agreements by third-party suppliers at times that are costly or inconvenient for us. 

24 

We
may not be able to accurately estimate future demand for our LFP batteries, and our failure to accurately predict our production requirements
could result in additional costs or delays. 

We
seek to maintain an approximately nine-month supply of LFP cells and six-month supply of all other critical components by pre-ordering
components in advance of expected demand. However, our business and customer product demand is impacted by trends and factors that may
be outside our control. Therefore, our ability to predict our manufacturing requirements is subject to inherent uncertainty. Lead times
for materials and components that our suppliers order may vary significantly and depend on factors such as the specific supplier, contract
terms and demand for each component at a given time. If we fail to order sufficient quantities of product components in a timely manner,
the delivery of our batteries to our customers could be delayed, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

To
meet our delivery deadlines, we generally make significant decisions on our production level and timing, procurement, facility requirements,
personnel needs and other resources requirements based on our estimate of demand, our past dealings with such customers, economic conditions
and other relevant factors. Although we monitor our slow-moving inventory, if customer demand declines significantly, we may have excess
inventory which could result in unprofitable sales or write-offs. Expediting additional material to make up for any shortages within
a short time frame could result in increased costs and a delay in meeting orders, which would result in lower profits and negatively
impact our reputation. In either case, our results of operations would fluctuate from period to period. 

In
addition, certain of our competitors may have long-standing relationships with suppliers, which may provide them with a competitive pricing
advantage for components and reduce their exposure to volatile raw material costs, including due to inflation. As a result, we may face
market-driven downward pricing pressures in the future, which may run counter to the cost of the components required to produce our products.
During 2022 in particular, we experienced rising materials costs due to inflation, which we partially mitigated through increases in
our product prices, where we thought it to be prudent. Our customers may not view this favorably and expect us to cut our costs further
and/or to lower the price of our products. We may be unable to increase our sales volumes to offset lower prices (if we choose to implement
lower prices), develop new or enhanced products with higher selling prices or margins, or reduce our costs to levels enabling us to remain
competitive. Our failure to accomplish any of the foregoing could have a negative impact on our profitability and our business, financial
condition and results of operations may ultimately be materially adversely affected. 

We
are currently, and will likely continue to be, dependent on a single manufacturing facility. If our facility becomes inoperable for any
reason, or our automation and expansion plans do not yield the desired effects, our ability to produce our products could be negatively
impacted. 

All
of our battery assembly currently takes place at our 99,000 square foot headquarters and manufacturing facility located in Reno, Nevada.
We currently operate three LFP battery production lines, which has been sufficient to meet customer demand. If one or both production lines
were to be inoperable for any period of time, we would face delays in meeting orders, which could prevent us from meeting demand or require
us to incur unplanned costs, including capital expenditures. 

Our
facility may be harmed or rendered inoperable by natural or man-made disasters, including earthquakes, flooding, fire and power outages,
utility and transportation infrastructure disruptions, acts of war or terrorism, or by public health crises, which may render it difficult
or impossible for us to manufacture our products for an extended period of time. The inability to produce our products or the backlog
that could develop if our manufacturing facility is inoperable for even a short period of time may result in increased costs, harm to
our reputation, a loss of customers or a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Although
we maintain property damage and business interruption insurance , this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential
losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. 

Over
the next several years we plan to automate additional aspects of existing LFP battery production lines, add additional LFP battery production
lines (as required) and construct and operate a pilot production line for our solid-state cells, all designed to maximize the capacity
of our manufacturing facility. Our plans for automation and expansion may experience delays, incur additional costs or cause disruption
to our existing production lines. For example, we have experienced supply delays in obtaining the necessary components to implement our
automated adhesive application systems, as well as our pilot production line for our solid-state cells, and we may continue to experience
component shortages in the future. The costs to successfully achieve our expansion and automation goals may be greater than we expect,
and we may fail to achieve our anticipated cost efficiencies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. Furthermore, while we are generally responsible for delivering products to the customer, we do not maintain
our own fleet of delivery vehicles and outsource this function to third parties. Any shortages in trucking capacity, any increase in
the cost thereof or any other disruption to the highway systems could limit our ability to deliver our products in a timely manner or
at all. 

Lithium-ion
battery cells have been observed to catch fire or release smoke and flame, which may have a negative impact on our reputation and business. 

Our
LFP batteries use lithium iron phosphate (LiFePO4) as the cathode material for lithium-ion cells. LFP is intrinsically safer than other
battery technologies due to its thermal and chemical stability and LFP batteries are less flammable than lead-acid batteries or lithium-ion
batteries using different chemistries. On rare occasions, however, lithium-ion cells can rapidly release the energy they contain by releasing
smoke and flames in a manner that can ignite nearby materials and other lithium-ion cells. This faulty result could subject us to lawsuits,
product recalls, or redesign efforts, all of which would be time consuming and expensive. Further, negative public perceptions regarding
the suitability or safety of lithium-ion cells or any future incident involving lithium-ion cells, such as a vehicle or other fire, even
if such incident does not involve our products, could seriously harm our business and reputation. 

25 

To
facilitate an uninterrupted supply of battery cells, we store a significant number of lithium-ion cells at our facility. While we have
implemented enhanced safety procedures related to the handling of the cells, any mishandling, other safety issue or fire related to the
cells could disrupt our operations. In addition, any accident, whether occurring at our manufacturing facility or from the use of our
batteries, may result in significant production interruption, delays or claims for substantial damages caused by personal injuries or
property damage. Such damage or injury could lead to adverse publicity and potentially a product recall, which could have a material
adverse effect on our brand, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may be subject to product liability claims, which could harm our financial condition and liquidity if we are not able to successfully
defend or insure against such claims. 

Product
liability claims, even those without merit or that do not involve our products, could result in adverse publicity or damage to our brand,
decreased partner and end-customer demand, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. The occurrence of any defects in our products could make us liable for damages and legal claims. In addition, we could
incur significant costs to correct such issues, potentially including product recalls. We face an inherent risk of exposure to claims
in the event that our products do not perform or are claimed not to have performed as expected. We also face risk of exposure to claims
because our products may be installed on vehicles (including RVs and marine vessels) that may be involved in crashes or may not perform
as expected resulting in death, personal injury or property damage. Liability claims may result in litigation, the occurrence of which
could be costly, lengthy and distracting and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

In
the future, we may voluntarily or involuntarily initiate a recall if any products prove to be defective or non-compliant with then-applicable
safety standards. Such recalls may involve significant expense and diversion of management attention and other resources, which could
damage our brand image in our target end markets, as well as have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

A
successful product liability claim against us could require us to pay a substantial monetary award. While we maintain product liability
insurance, the insurance that we carry may not be sufficient or it may not apply to all situations. Moreover, a product liability claim
against us or our competitors could generate substantial negative publicity about our products and business and could have a material
adverse effect on our brand, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
currently rely on software and hardware that is complex and technical, and we expect that our reliance will increase in the future with
the introduction of future products. If we are unable to manage the risks inherent in these complex technologies, or if we are unable
to address or mitigate technical limitations in our systems, our business could be adversely affected. 

Each
of our batteries include our proprietary battery management system, which relies on software and hardware manufactured by third parties
that is complex and technical. In addition, Dragonfly IntelLigence, our battery communications system which we recently launched in the
first quarter of 2023, utilizes third-party software and hardware to store, retrieve, process and manage data. The software and hardware
utilized in these systems may contain errors, bugs, vulnerabilities or defects, which may be difficult to detect and/or manage. Although
we attempt to remedy any issues that we observe in our products as effectively and rapidly as possible, such efforts may not be timely,
may hamper production, or may not be to the satisfaction of our customers. If we are unable to prevent or effectively remedy errors,
bugs, vulnerabilities or defects in the software and hardware that we use, we may suffer damage to our brand, loss of customers, loss
of revenue or liability for damages, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Solid-State Technology Development 

We
face significant engineering challenges in our attempts to develop and manufacture solid-state battery cells and these efforts may be
delayed or fail which could reduce consumer spending which could negatively impact our business. 

Our
solid-state battery development efforts are still ongoing, and we may fail to meet our goal of commercially selling LFP batteries incorporating
our manufactured solid-state cells, or at all. We may encounter delays in the design, manufacture and launch of our solid-state battery
cells, and in increasing production to scale. 

26 

Development
and engineering challenges could delay or prevent our production of solid-state battery cells. These difficulties may arise in connection
with current and future efforts to optimize the chemistry or physical structure of our solid-state batteries with the goal of enhancing
conductivity and power; maximizing cycling capabilities and power results; reducing costs; and developing related mass production manufacturing
processes. If we are unable to overcome developmental and engineering challenges, our solid-state battery efforts could fail. 

We
currently purchase the battery cells incorporated into our LFP batteries and have no experience in manufacturing battery cells. To cost-effectively
and rapidly manufacture our solid-state cells at scale for incorporation into our LFP batteries, we plan to utilize currently available
spray powder deposition equipment and other commercially available equipment modified to utilize our proprietary dry spray deposition
and other technologies and processes. We may experience delays or additional costs in adapting our facility, existing production equipment
and LFP battery manufacturing processes (for example, designing a dry room to accommodate our dry spraying processes) to manufacture
solid-state cells. Even if we achieve the development and volume production of our solid-state battery that we anticipate, if the cost,
cycling and power results or other technology or performance characteristics of the solid-state battery fall short of our targets, our
business and results of operations would likely be materially adversely affected. 

We
expect to make significant investments in our continued research and development of solid-state battery technology development, and we
may be unable to adequately control the costs associated with manufacturing our solid-state battery cells. 

We
will require significant capital to fund our solid-state cell research and development activities, pilot line construction and expansion
of our manufacturing capabilities to accommodate large-scale production of solid-state cells. We have not yet produced any solid-state
battery cells at volume and our forecasted cost advantage for the production of these cells at scale, compared to conventional lithium-ion
cells, will require us to achieve rates of throughput, use of electricity and consumables, yield, and rate of automation demonstrated
for mature battery, battery material, and ceramic manufacturing processes, that we have not yet achieved. We may not be able to achieve
our desired cost benefits and, in turn, we may not be able to provide our solid-state cells at a cost that is attractive to customers.
If we are unable to cost-efficiently design, manufacture, market, sell and distribute our solid-state batteries and services, our margins,
profitability and prospects would be materially and adversely affected. 

If
our solid-state batteries fail to perform as expected, our ability to further develop, market and sell our solid-state batteries could
be harmed. 

Our
solid-state battery cells may contain defects in design and manufacture that may cause them to not perform as expected or that may require
repairs, recalls and design changes. Our solid-state batteries will incorporate components that have not been used individually or in
combination in the same manner as the design of our solid-state cells, and that may result in defects and errors, particularly when produced
at scale. We may be unable to detect and fix any defects in our solid-state battery cells prior to their incorporation into our solid-state
LFP batteries and sale to potential consumers. If our solid-state batteries fail to perform as expected, we could lose customers, or
be forced to delay deliveries, terminate orders or initiate product recalls, each of which could adversely affect our sales and brand
and would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
expect to rely on machinery used in other large-scale commercial applications, modified to incorporate our proprietary technologies and
processes, in order to mass produce solid-state battery cells, which exposes us to a significant degree of risk and uncertainty in terms
of scaling production, operational performance and costs. 

We
expect to rely on machinery used in other large-scale commercial applications to mass produce our solid-state battery cells. Doing so
will require us to work closely with the equipment provider to modify this machinery to effectively integrate our proprietary solid-state
technology and processes in order to create the equipment we need for the production of solid-state cells. This integration work will
involve a significant degree of uncertainty and risk and may result in delays in scaling up production of our solid-state cells or result
in additional cost to us. 

Such
machinery is likely to suffer unexpected malfunctions from time to time and will require repairs and spare parts to resume operations,
which may not be available when needed. Unexpected malfunctions may significantly affect the intended operational efficiency of, and
therefore expected cost-efficiency associated with, our production equipment. In addition, because this machinery has not been used to
manufacture and assemble solid-state battery cells, the operational performance and costs associated with repairing and maintaining this
equipment can be difficult to predict and may be influenced by factors outside of our control, including failures by suppliers to deliver
necessary components of our products in a timely manner and at prices acceptable to us, the risk of environmental hazards and the cost
of any required remediation and damages or defects already present in the machinery. 

27 

Operational
problems with our manufacturing equipment could result in personal injury to or death of workers, the loss of production equipment or
damage to our manufacturing facility, which could result in monetary losses, delays and unanticipated fluctuations in production. In
addition, we may be subject to administrative fines, increased insurance costs or potential legal liabilities. Any of these operational
problems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Supply Chain and Third-Party Vendors 

We
face risks associated with vendors from whom our products are sourced. 

The
products we sell rely on components and other inputs that are sourced from a variety of domestic and international vendors. We rely on
long-term relationships with our suppliers but have no significant long-term contracts with such suppliers. Our future success will depend
in large measure upon our ability to maintain our existing supplier relationships and/or to develop new ones. This reliance exposes us
to the risk of inadequate and untimely supplies of various products due to political, economic, social, health, or environmental conditions,
transportation delays, or changes in laws and regulations affecting distribution. Our vendors may be forced to reduce their production,
shut down their operations or file for bankruptcy protection, which could make it difficult for us to serve the market needs and could
have a material adverse effect on our business. 

While
we select these third-party vendors carefully, we do not control their actions or the manufacture of their products. Any problems caused
by these third-parties, or issues associated with their products or workforce, including customer or governmental complaints, breakdowns
or other disruptions in communication services provided by a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, and cyber-attacks
or security breaches at a vendor could subject us to litigation and adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to
its customers and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
rely on foreign manufacturers for various products that are incorporated into the products we sell. In addition, many of our domestic
suppliers purchase a portion of their products from foreign sources. As an importer, our business is subject to the risks generally associated
with doing business internationally, such as domestic and foreign governmental regulations, economic disruptions, global or regional
health epidemics, delays in shipments, transportation capacity and costs, currency exchange rates, and changes in political or economic
conditions in countries from which we purchase products. If any such factors were to render the conduct of business in particular countries
undesirable or impractical or if additional U.S. quotas, duties, tariffs, taxes, or other charges or restrictions were imposed upon the
importation of our products in the future, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

The
political landscape in the U.S. contains uncertainty with respect to tax and trade policies, tariffs and regulations affecting trade
between the U.S. and other countries. We source a portion of our merchandise from manufacturers located outside the U.S., primarily in
Asia. Major developments in tax policy or trade relations, such as the disallowance of tax deductions for imported merchandise or the
imposition of tariffs on imported products, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition. 

We
rely on manufacturers located in foreign countries, including China, for merchandise. Additionally, a portion of our domestically purchased
merchandise is manufactured abroad. Our business may be materially adversely affected by risks associated with international trade, including
the impact of current or potential tariffs by the U.S. with respect to certain consumer goods imported from China. 

We
source a portion of our merchandise from manufacturers located outside the U.S., primarily in Asia, and many of our domestic vendors
have a global supply chain. The U.S. has imposed tariffs on certain products imported into the U.S. from China and could propose additional
tariffs. The imposition of tariffs on imported products could result in reduced sales and profits. It remains unclear how tax or trade
policies, tariffs or trade relations may change under the current U.S. administration, which could adversely affect our business, results
of operations, effective income tax rate, liquidity, and net income. 

In
addition, the imposition of tariffs by the U.S. has resulted in the adoption of tariffs by China on U.S. exports and could result in
the adoption of tariffs by other countries as well. A resulting trade war could have a significant adverse effect on world trade and
the global economy. 

We
continue to evaluate the impact of the effective and potential tariffs on our supply chain, costs, sales, and profitability as well as
our strategies to mitigate any negative impact, including negotiating with our vendors, and seeking alternative sourcing options. Given
the uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of the current and potential tariffs, as well as the potential for additional trade
actions by the U.S. or other countries, the impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition is uncertain but could
be significant. Thus, we can provide no assurance that any strategies we implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs or other trade
actions will be successful in whole or in part. To the extent that our supply chain, costs, sales, or profitability are negatively affected
by the tariffs or other trade actions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

28 

A
significant disruption to the timely receipt of inventory could adversely impact sales or increase our transportation costs, which would
decrease our profits. 

We
rely on our distribution and transportation network, including third-party logistics providers, to provide goods in a timely and cost-effective
manner through deliveries to our distribution facilities from vendors and then from the distribution facilities or direct ship vendors
to our stores or customers by various means of transportation, including shipments by sea, air, rail, and truck. Any disruption, unanticipated
expense, or operational failure related to this process could negatively affect our operations. For example, unexpected delivery delays
(including delays due to weather, fuel shortages, work stoppages, global or regional health epidemics, product shortages from vendors,
or other reasons) or increases in transportation costs (including increased fuel costs or a decrease in transportation capacity for overseas
shipments) could significantly decrease our ability to provide adequate products to meet increased customer demand. In addition, labor
shortages or work stoppages in the transportation industry or long-term disruptions to the national and international transportation
infrastructure that lead to delays or interruptions of deliveries could negatively affect our business. Also, a fire, tornado, or other
disaster at one of our distribution facilities could disrupt our timely receiving, processing, and shipment of merchandise to our stores
which could adversely affect our business. While we believe there are adequate reserve quantities and alternative suppliers available,
shortages or interruptions in the receipt or supply of products caused by unanticipated demand, problems in production or distribution,
financial or other difficulties of supplies, inclement weather or other economic conditions, including the availability of qualified
drivers and distribution center team members, could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of products, and our operating
results. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

We
rely heavily upon our intellectual property portfolio. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our business and
competitive position would be harmed. 

We
may not be able to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which could harm our business and competitive position. We
rely upon a combination of the intellectual property protections afforded by patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the
United States and other jurisdictions to establish, maintain and enforce rights in our proprietary technologies. In addition, we seek
to protect our intellectual property rights through non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants,
and through non-disclosure agreements with business partners and other third parties. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary
rights, third parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property. Monitoring unauthorized use of our intellectual
property is difficult and costly, and the steps we have taken or will take to prevent unauthorized use may not be sufficient. Any enforcement
efforts we undertake, including litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive and could divert management s attention, which
could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In
addition, available intellectual property laws and contractual remedies in some jurisdictions may afford less protection than needed
to safeguard our intellectual property portfolio. Intellectual property laws vary significantly throughout the world. The laws of a number
of foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Therefore, our
intellectual property rights may not be as strong, or as easily enforced, outside of the United States, and efforts to protect against
the unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights, technology and other proprietary rights may be more expensive and difficult
to undertake outside of the United States. In addition, while we have filed for and obtained certain intellectual property rights in
commercially relevant jurisdictions, we have not sought protection for our intellectual property rights in every possible jurisdiction.
Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights could result in competitors using our intellectual property to make, have
made, use, import, develop, have developed, sell or have sold their own products, potentially resulting in the loss of some of our competitive
advantage and a decrease in our revenue, which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

29 

We
may need to defend ourselves against intellectual property infringement claims, which may be time-consuming and could cause us to incur
substantial costs. 

Companies,
organizations or individuals, including our current and future competitors, may hold or obtain intellectual property rights that would
prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, have made, use, import, develop, have developed, sell or have sold our products,
which could make it more difficult for us to operate our business. From time to time, we may receive inquiries from holders of intellectual
property rights inquiring whether we are infringing their rights and/or seek court declarations that they do not infringe upon our intellectual
property rights. Entities holding intellectual property rights relating to our technology, including, but not limited to, batteries,
battery materials, encapsulated powders, spray deposition of battery materials, and alternator regulators, may bring suits alleging infringement
of such rights or otherwise asserting their rights and seeking licenses. For example, patents and patent applications owned by third
parties may present freedom to operate FTO questions with regards to the precoated feedstock materials for the
spray deposition process depending on the final material selections that are used, although we own a patent application that pre-dates
their patents and patent applications of interest such that our patent application may act as a basis for an invalidity position. However,
it is possible that a court may not agree that our patent application invalidates the patents and patent applications of interest. Any
such litigation or claims, whether or not valid or successful, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and our management s
attention. In addition, if we are determined to have infringed upon a third party s intellectual property rights, we may be required
to do one or more of the following: 

cease
 using, making, having made, selling, having sold, developing, having developed or importing products that incorporate the infringed
 intellectual property rights; 

pay
 substantial damages; 

obtain
 a license from the holder of the infringed intellectual property rights, which license may not be available on reasonable terms or
 at all; or 

redesign
 our processes or products, which may result in inferior products or processes. 

In
the event of a successful claim of infringement against us and our failure or inability to obtain a license to or design around the infringed
intellectual property rights, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

Our
current and future patent applications may not result in issued patents or our patent rights may be contested, circumvented, invalidated
or limited in scope, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent others from commercially exploiting
products similar to ours. 

Our
current and future patent applications may not result in issued patents, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent
others from commercially exploiting products or technology similar to ours. The outcome of patent applications involves complex legal
and factual questions and the breadth of claims that will be allowed is uncertain. As a result, we cannot be certain that the patent
applications that we file will result in patents being issued, or that our current issued patents, and any patents that may be issued
to us in the future, will afford protection that covers our commercial processes, systems and products or that will afford protection
against competitors with similar products or technology. Numerous prior art patents and pending patent applications owned by others,
as well as prior art non-patent literature, exist in the fields in which we have developed and are developing our technology, which may
preclude our ability to obtain a desired scope of protection in the desired fields. In addition to potential prior art concerns, any
of our existing patents, pending patent applications, or future issued patents or patent applications may also be challenged on the basis
that they are invalid or unenforceable. Furthermore, patent applications filed in foreign countries are subject to laws, rules, and procedures
that differ from those of the United States, and thus we cannot be certain that foreign patent applications related to issued U.S. patents
will be issued. 

Even
if our current or future patent applications succeed and patents are issued, it is still uncertain whether our current or future patents
will be contested, circumvented, invalidated or limited in scope in the future. The rights granted under any issued patents may not provide
us with meaningful protection or competitive advantages, and some foreign countries provide significantly less effective patent enforcement
than the United States. In addition, the claims under our current or future patents may not be broad enough to prevent others from developing
technologies that are similar or that achieve results similar to ours. The intellectual property rights of others could also bar us from
licensing and exploiting our current or future patents. In addition, our current or future patents may be infringed upon or designed
around by others and others may obtain patents that we need to license or design around, either of which would increase costs and may
adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

General
Risk Factors 

The
uncertainty in global economic conditions, including the Russia-Ukraine conflict, could reduce consumer spending and disrupt our supply
chain which could negatively affect our results of operations. 

Our
results of operations are directly affected by the general global economic conditions that impact our main end markets. The uncertainty
in global economic conditions can result in substantial volatility, which can affect our business by reducing customer spending and the
prices that our customers may be able or willing to pay for our products, which in turn could negatively impact our sales and result
in a material adverse effect on our business financial condition and results of operations. 

30 

The
global macroeconomic environment could be negatively affected by, among other things, the resurgence of COVID-19 or other pandemics or
epidemics, instability in global economic markets, increased U.S. trade tariffs and trade disputes with other countries, instability
in the global credit markets, supply chain weaknesses, instability in the geopolitical environment as a result of the withdrawal of the
United Kingdom from the European Union, the Russian invasion of Ukraine and other political tensions, and foreign governmental debt concerns.
Such challenges have caused, and may continue to cause, uncertainty and instability in local economies and in global financial markets. 

As
a result of sanctions imposed in relation to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, gas prices in the United States have become much more volatile
and, in some cases, risen to historic levels. This rise in price may cause a decrease in RV travel, which could ultimately negatively
impact sales of our batteries for RVs. Further escalation of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the subsequent response, including further
sanctions or other restrictive actions, by the United States and/or other countries could also adversely impact our supply chain, partners
or customers. The extent and duration of the situation in Ukraine, resulting sanctions and resulting future market disruptions are impossible
to predict but could be significant. Any such disruptions caused by Russian military action or other actions (including cyberattacks
and espionage) or resulting actual and threatened responses to such activity, boycotts or changes in consumer or purchaser preferences,
sanctions, tariffs or cyberattacks, may impact the global economy and adversely affect commodity prices. 

More
recently, the closures of Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, and Signature Bank and their placement into receivership with the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation, or FDIC created bank-specific and broader financial institution liquidity risk and concerns. Although the Department
of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve, and the FDIC jointly released a statement that depositors at SVB and Signature Bank would have
access to their funds, even those in excess of the standard FDIC insurance limits, under a systemic risk exception, future adverse developments
with respect to specific financial institutions or the broader financial services industry may lead to market-wide liquidity shortages,
impair the ability of companies to access near-term working capital needs, and create additional market and economic uncertainty. There
can be no assurance that future credit and financial market instability and a deterioration in confidence in economic conditions will
not occur. 

Furthermore,
the cost of our components is a key element in the cost of our products. Increases in the prices of our components, including if our
suppliers choose to pass through their increased costs to us, would result in increased production costs, which may result in a decrease
in our margins and may have a material adverse effect on our business financial condition and results of operations. We have historically
offset cost increases through careful management of our inventory of supplies, ordering six months to a year in advance, and increasing
our purchase order volumes to qualify for volume-based discounts, rather than increase prices to customers. However, we may increase prices from time to time, which may not be sufficient to offset material price inflation and which may result
in loss of customers if they believe our products are no longer competitively priced. In addition, if we are required to spend a prolonged
period of time negotiating price increases with our suppliers, we may be further delayed in receiving the components necessary to manufacture
our products and/or implement aspects of our growth strategy. 

The
loss of one or more members of our senior management team, other key personnel or our failure to attract additional qualified personnel
may adversely affect our business and our ability to achieve our anticipated level of growth. 

We
are highly dependent on the talent and services of Denis Phares, our Chief Executive Officer, and other senior technical and management
personnel, including our executive officers, who would be difficult to replace. The loss of Dr. Phares or other key personnel could disrupt
our business and harm our results of operations, and we may not be able to successfully attract and retain senior leadership necessary
to grow our business. 

Our
future success also depends on our ability to attract and retain other key employees and qualified personnel, and our operations may
be severely disrupted if we lost their services. As we become more well known, there is increased risk that competitors or other companies
will seek to hire our personnel. The failure to attract, integrate, train, motivate, and retain these personnel could impact our ability
to successfully grow our operations and execute our strategy. 

Our
website, systems, and the data we maintain may be subject to intentional disruption, security incidents, or alleged violations of laws,
regulations, or other obligations relating to data handling that could result in liability and adversely impact our reputation and future
sales. 

We
expect to face significant challenges with respect to information security and maintaining the security and integrity of our systems,
as well as with respect to the data stored on or processed by these systems. Advances in technology, and an increase in the level of
sophistication, expertise and resources of hackers, could result in a compromise or breach of our systems or of security measures used
in our business to protect confidential information, personal information, and other data. 

31 

The
availability and effectiveness of our batteries, and our ability to conduct our business and operations, depend on the continued operation
of information technology and communications systems, some of which we have yet to develop or otherwise obtain the ability to use. Systems
used in our business (including third-party data centers and other information technology systems provided by third parties) are and
will be vulnerable to damage or interruption. Such systems could also be subject to break-ins, sabotage and intentional acts of vandalism,
as well as disruptions and security incidents as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent acts or omissions
by employees, service providers, or others. Some of the systems used in our business will not be fully redundant, and our disaster recovery
planning cannot account for all eventualities. Any data security incidents or other disruptions to any data centers or other systems
used in our business could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. 

If
we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of customer service, or
adequately address competitive challenges. 

We
have experienced significant growth in our business, and our future success depends, in part, on our ability to manage our business as
it continues to expand. We have dedicated resources to expanding our manufacturing capabilities, exploring adjacent addressable markets
and our solid-state cell research and development. If not managed effectively, this growth could result in the over-extension of our
operating infrastructure, management systems and information technology systems. Internal controls and procedures may not be adequate
to support this growth. Failure to adequately manage growth in our business may cause damage to our brand or otherwise have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may expand our business through acquisitions in the future, and any future acquisition may not be accretive and may negatively affect
our business. 

As
part of our growth strategy, we may make future investments in businesses, new technologies, services and other assets that complement
our business. We could fail to realize the anticipated benefits from these activities or experience delays or inefficiencies in realizing
such benefits. Moreover, an acquisition, investment or business relationship may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures,
including disruption to our ongoing operations, management distraction, exposure to additional liabilities and increased expenses, any
of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to make these acquisitions and
investments could be restricted by the terms of our current and future indebtedness and to pay for these investments we may use cash
on hand, incur additional debt or issue equity securities, each of which may affect our financial condition or the value of our stock
and could result in dilution to our stockholders. Additional debt would result in increased fixed obligations and could also subject
us to covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations. 

Our
operations are subject to a variety of environmental, health and safety rules that can bring scrutiny from regulatory agencies and increase
our costs. 

Our
operations are subject to environmental, health and safety rules, laws and regulations and we may be subject to additional regulations
as our operations develop and expand. There are significant capital, operating and other costs associated with compliance with these
environmental laws and regulations. While we believe that the policies and programs we have in place are reasonably designed and implemented
to assure compliance with these requirements and to avoid hazardous substance release liability with respect to our manufacturing facility,
we may be faced with new or more stringent compliance obligations that could impose substantial costs. 

We
are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, financial and economic sanctions and similar laws, and non-compliance
with such laws can subject us to administrative, civil and criminal fines and penalties, collateral consequences, remedial measures and
legal expenses, all of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 

We
are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, financial and economic sanctions and similar laws and regulations
in various jurisdictions in which we conduct or in the future may conduct activities, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ). The FCPA prohibits us and our officers, directors, employees and business partners acting on our behalf,
including agents, from corruptly offering, promising, authorizing or providing anything of value to a foreign official 
for the purposes of influencing official decisions or obtaining or retaining business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. The
FCPA also requires companies to make and keep books, records, and accounts that accurately reflect transactions and dispositions of assets
and to maintain a system of adequate internal accounting controls. A violation of these laws or regulations could adversely affect our
business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. Our policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these
regulations may not be sufficient and our directors, officers, employees, representatives, consultants, agents and business partners
could engage in improper conduct for which we may be held responsible. 

32 

Non-compliance
with anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering or financial and economic sanctions laws could subject us to whistleblower
complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, and severe administrative, civil and criminal sanctions, collateral consequences,
remedial measures and legal expenses, all of which could materially and adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

From
time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes, which could have an adverse impact on our
profitability and consolidated financial position. 

We
may be involved in legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes that, from time to time, are significant and which may harm
our reputation. These are typically claims that arise in the normal course of business including, without limitation, commercial or contractual
disputes, including warranty claims and other disputes with customers and suppliers; intellectual property matters; personal injury claims;
environmental issues; tax matters; and employment matters. It is difficult to predict the outcome or ultimate financial exposure, if
any, represented by these matters, and any such exposure may be material. Regardless of outcome, legal proceedings can have an adverse
impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

Environmental,
social and governance matters may cause us to incur additional costs. 

Some
legislatures, government agencies and listing exchanges have mandated or proposed, and others may in the future further mandate, certain
environmental, social and governance ESG disclosure or performance. For example, the Securities and Exchange Commission
has proposed rules that would mandate certain climate-related disclosures. In addition, we may face reputational damage in the event
our corporate responsibility initiatives or objectives do not meet the standards or expectations of shareholders, prospective investors,
lawmakers, listing exchanges or other stakeholders. Failure to comply with ESG-related laws, exchange policies or stakeholder expectations
could materially and adversely impact the value of our stock and related cost of capital, and limit our ability to fund future growth,
or result in increased investigations and litigation. 

Risks
Related to Being a Public Company 

We
will incur significant increased expenses and administrative burdens as a public company, which could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and operating results. 

We
will face increased legal, accounting, administrative and other costs and expenses as a public company that we did not incur as a private
company and these expenses may increase even more after we are no longer an emerging growth company. The Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, including the requirements of Section 404, as well as rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC, the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and the rules and regulations promulgated and to be promulgated thereunder, the
PCAOB and the securities exchanges and the listing standards of Nasdaq, impose additional reporting and other obligations on public companies.
Compliance with public company requirements will increase costs and make certain activities more time-consuming. A number of those requirements
will require us to carry out activities we have not done previously. For example, we will create new board committees, enter into new
insurance policies and adopt new internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures. In addition, expenses associated with SEC
reporting requirements will be incurred. Furthermore, if any issues in complying with those requirements are identified (for example,
if management or our independent registered public accounting firm identifies additional material weaknesses in the internal control
over financial reporting), we could incur additional costs rectifying those issues, the existence of those issues could adversely affect
our reputation or investor perceptions of it and it may be more expensive to obtain director and officer liability insurance. Risks associated
with our status as a public company may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors
or as executive officers. In addition, as a public company, we may be subject to stockholder activism, which can lead to substantial
costs, distract management and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. As a result
of disclosure of information in this Annual Report and in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition
will become more visible, which may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such
claims are successful, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected and even if the claims do not result
in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims and the time and resources necessary to resolve them could divert the resources
of our management and adversely affect our business and results of operations. The additional reporting and other obligations imposed
by these rules and regulations will increase legal and financial compliance costs and the costs of related legal, accounting and administrative
activities. These increased costs will require us to divert a significant amount of money that could otherwise be used to expand the
business and achieve strategic objectives. Advocacy efforts by stockholders and third parties may also prompt additional changes in governance
and reporting requirements, which could further increase costs. 

33 

Our
management team has limited experience managing a public company. 

Most
of the members of our management team have limited to no experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company
investors and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team has limited experience operating a public company. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage their new roles and responsibilities. 

Our
transition to a public company subjects us to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities
laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These new obligations and constituents will require significant
attention from our senior management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Requirements 

Our
business is capital intensive, and we may not be able to raise additional capital on attractive terms, if at all. Any further indebtedness
we incur may limit our operational flexibility in the future. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash totaling 17.8 million. Our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 39.6 million and our net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 was
 4.3 million. We will need to raise additional funds, including through the issuance of
equity, equity-related or debt securities or by obtaining credit from financial institutions to fund, together with our principal sources
of liquidity, ongoing costs, such as research and development relating to our solid-state batteries, expansion of our facilities, and
new strategic investments. We cannot be certain that additional capital will be available on attractive terms, if at all, when needed,
which could be dilutive to stockholders. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt or other equity-linked
securities, our existing stockholders could experience significant dilution. Any equity securities issued may provide for rights, preferences,
or privileges senior to those of common stockholders. If we raise funds by issuing debt securities, these debt securities would have
rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of common stockholders. We intend to use the ChEF Equity Facility and Term Loan to
provide additional capital to us. However, market conditions and certain restrictions contained in the agreements governing the ChEF
Equity Facility and the Term Loan may limit our ability to access capital under such agreements. 

The
incurrence of additional debt could adversely impact our business, including limiting our operational flexibility by: 

making
 it difficult for us to pay other obligations; 

increasing
 our cost of borrowing from other sources; 

making
 it difficult to obtain favorable terms for any necessary future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, investments,
 acquisitions, debt service requirements, or other purposes; 

restricting
 us from making acquisitions or causing us to make divestitures or similar transactions; 

requiring
 us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service and repay our indebtedness, reducing the amount
 of cash flow available for other purposes; 

placing
 us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and 

limiting
 our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business. 

Failure
to comply with the financial covenants in our loan agreement could allow our lenders to accelerate payment under our loan agreement, which
would have a material adverse effect on our results of obligations and financial position and raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred losses and had a negative cash flow from operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately
 17.8 million in cash and cash equivalents and working capital of 32.9 million. Our ability to achieve profitability and positive
cash flow depends on our ability to increase revenue, contain our expenses and maintain compliance with the financial covenants in our
outstanding indebtedness agreements. 

Under
the Term Loan Agreement, we are obligated to comply with certain financial covenants, which include maintaining a maximum senior
leverage ratio, minimum liquidity, a springing fixed charge coverage ratio, and maximum capital expenditures. On March 29, 2023, we
obtained a waiver from our Administrative Agent and Term Loan Lenders of our failures to satisfy the fixed charge coverage ratio and
maximum senior leverage ratio with respect to the minimum cash requirements under the Term Loan during the quarter ended March 31,
2023. It is probable that we will fail to meet these covenants within the next twelve months. If we are unable to comply with the
financial covenants in our loan agreement, the Term Loan Lenders have the right to accelerate the maturity of the Term Loan. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As a result, our independent registered public
accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in its report on our 2022 consolidated financial statements, with respect to this
uncertainty. 

In
addition, we may need to raise additional debt and/or equity financing to fund our operations and strategic plans and meet our
financial covenants. We have historically been able to raise additional capital through issuance of equity and/or debt financing and
we intend to use the ChEF Equity Facility and raise additional capital as needed. However, we cannot guarantee that we will be able
to raise additional equity, contain expenses, or increase
revenue, and comply with the financial covenants under the Term Loan. If such financings are not available, or if the terms of such financings are less desirable than we expect, we may be
forced to take actions to reduce our capital or operating expenditures, including by not seeking potential acquisition
opportunities, eliminating redundancies, or reducing or delaying our production facility expansions, which may adversely affect our
business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. Further, any future debt or equity financings may adversely affect
us, including the market price of our common stock and may be dilutive to our current stockholders. Additionally, any convertible or
exchangeable securities as well as preferred stock that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more
favorable than those of our common stock. Absent additional financing, if we are unable to meet these covenants,
we plan to work with the Term Loan Lenders to cure any future breaches. However, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to do
so. 

Substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern may materially and adversely affect the price per share of our common stock and
warrants and we may have a more difficult time obtaining financing. Further, the perception that we may be unable to continue as a going
concern may impede our ability to raise additional funds or operate our business due to concerns regarding our ability to discharge our
contractual obligations. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, we may be forced to liquidate our assets and the values we
receive for our assets in liquidation or dissolution could be significantly lower than the values reflected in our financial statements. 

Restrictions
imposed by our outstanding indebtedness and any future indebtedness may limit our ability to operate our business and to finance our
future operations or capital needs or to engage in acquisitions or other business activities necessary to achieve growth. 

The
agreements governing our indebtedness restrict us from engaging in specified types of transactions. These restrictive covenants restrict
our ability to, among other things: 

incur
 additional indebtedness; 

create
 or incur encumbrances or liens; 

engage
 in consolidations, amalgamations, mergers, acquisitions, liquidations, dissolutions or dispositions; 

sell,
 transfer or otherwise dispose of assets; and 

pay
 dividends and distributions on, or purchase, redeem, defease, or otherwise acquire or retire for value, our stock. 

34 

Under
the agreements governing our indebtedness, we are also subject to certain financial covenants, including maintaining minimum levels of
Adjusted EBITDA, minimum liquidity, maximum capital expenditure levels and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. We cannot guarantee
that we will be able to maintain compliance with these covenants or, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from
the applicable lender(s) and/or amend the covenants. Even if we comply with all of the applicable covenants, the restrictions on the
conduct of our business could adversely affect our business by, among other things, limiting our ability to take advantage of financing
opportunities, mergers, acquisitions, investments, and other corporate opportunities that may be beneficial to our business. 

A
breach of any of the covenants in the agreements governing our existing or future indebtedness could result in an event of default, which,
if not cured or waived, could trigger acceleration of our indebtedness, and may result in the acceleration of or default under any other
debt we may incur in the future to which a cross- acceleration or cross-default provision applies, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the event of any default under our existing or future credit
facilities, the applicable lenders could elect to terminate borrowing commitments and declare all borrowings and loans outstanding, together
with accrued and unpaid interest and any fees and other obligations, to be immediately due and payable. In addition, our obligations
under our indebtedness are secured by, among other things, a security interest in our intellectual property. During the existence of
an event of default under our credit agreements, the applicable lender could exercise its rights and remedies thereunder, including by
way of initiating foreclosure proceedings against any assets constituting collateral for our obligations under such credit facility. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. These material weaknesses could continue to adversely
affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP As a public company, we are required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our
internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls.
A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. 

As
described elsewhere in this Annual Report, our management identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
relating to (i) an insufficient number of accounting and financial reporting resources with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience
and training, (ii) ineffective identification and assessment of risks impacting internal control over financial reporting, and (iii)
ineffective evaluation and determination as to whether the components of internal control were present and functioning. As a result of
these material weaknesses, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December
31, 2022. 

We
are in the process of developing a plan to remediate these material weaknesses. In 2021, we implemented an enterprise resource planning
system and hired a new Chief Financial Officer. In 2022, we began to implement a comprehensive Sarbanes-Oxley Act compliance program,
and we will continue to identify additional appropriate remediation measures. However, the material weaknesses will not be considered
remediated until the remediation plan has been fully implemented, the applicable controls are fully operational for a sufficient period
of time, and we have concluded, through testing, that the newly implemented and enhanced controls are operating effectively. At this
time, we cannot predict the success of such efforts or the outcome of future assessments of the remediation efforts. Our efforts may
not remediate these material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting, and may not prevent additional material weaknesses
from being identified in the future. Failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result
in errors in our consolidated financial statements that could result in a restatement of our consolidated financial statements, and could
cause it to fail to meet our reporting obligations, any of which could diminish investor confidence in us and cause a decline in our
equity value. Additionally, ineffective internal controls could expose us to an increased risk of financial reporting fraud and the misappropriation
of assets, and may further subject us to potential delisting from Nasdaq, or to other regulatory investigations and civil or criminal
sanctions. 

As
a public company, we are required pursuant to Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to furnish a report by management on, among
other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for each annual report on Form 10-K to be filed with
the SEC. This assessment will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in internal control
over financial reporting. If in the future we are no longer classified under the definition of an emerging growth company, 
our independent registered public accounting firm will also be required, pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to attest
to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in each annual report on Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC. We
will be required to disclose material changes made in our internal control over financial reporting on a quarterly basis. Failure to
comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC, Nasdaq, or other regulatory
authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. 

35 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. 

Our
common stock and Public Warrants are currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Market and the Nasdaq Capital Market, respectively. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. If Nasdaq delists our common stock
from trading on its exchange for failure to meet the listing standards, our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences
including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 

a
 determination that our common stock is a penny stock, which would require brokers trading in such securities to adhere
 to more stringent rules, could adversely impact the value of our securities and/or possibly result in a reduced level of trading
 activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Future
resales of our outstanding securities may cause the market price of our securities to drop significantly, even if our business is doing
well. 

We
have filed registration statements registering the resale of up to 55,298,545 shares that may be sold and/or issued into the public markets
by certain securityholders. The shares being registered for resale into the public markets represent a substantial majority of our outstanding
common stock as of December 31, 2022. The securityholders selling pursuant to the registration statements will determine the timing,
pricing and rate at which they sell such shares into the public market and such sales could have a significant negative impact on the
trading price of our common stock. Certain of the investors/lenders who have resale rights under such registration statements may have
an incentive to sell because they purchased shares and/or warrants at prices below the Chardan IPO offering price. As such, while sales
by the securityholders selling pursuant to such registration statements may experience a positive rate of return based on the trading
price at the time they sell their shares, public securityholders may not experience a similar rate of return on the securities they purchased
due to differences in the prices at which such public securityholders purchased their shares and the trading price. Given the substantial
number of shares of common stock being registered for potential resale by the securityholders selling pursuant to such registration statements,
the sale of shares by such securityholders, or the perception in the market that the securityholders of a large number of shares intend
to sell shares, may increase the volatility of the market price of our common stock, may prevent the trading price of our securities
from exceeding the Chardan IPO offering price and may cause the trading prices of our securities to experience a further decline. 

Further,
we have registered 21,512,027 shares of common stock to be issued and sold to CCM LLC in connection with the ChEF Equity Facility. The
21,512,027 shares that may be resold and/or issued into the public markets pursuant to the ChEF Equity Facility represent approximately
50 of the shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Any sales of such shares into the public market could have
a significant negative impact on the trading price of our common stock. This impact may be heightened by the fact that sales to CCM LLC
will generally be at prices below the then current trading price of our common stock. If the trading price of our common stock does not
recover or experiences a further decline, sales of shares of common stock to CCM LLC pursuant to the Purchase Agreement may be a less
attractive source of capital and/or may not allow us to raise capital at rates that would be possible if the trading price of our common
stock were higher. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about us, or publish negative reports, our stock price and trading
volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us. We will not have any control over these analysts. If our financial performance fails to meet analyst estimates or one or more of
the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or change their opinion, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of
these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which
could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

36 

If
we do not meet the expectations of investors, stockholders or securities analysts, the market price of our securities may decline. In
addition, fluctuations in the price of our securities could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. 

The
trading price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially and may be lower than its current price. This may be especially true for
companies like ours with a small public float. If an active market for our securities develops and continues, the trading price of our
securities could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. The trading price of our common stock depends on many factors, including
those described in this Risk Factors section, many of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our
operating performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. Any of the factors
listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment in our securities and our securities may trade at prices significantly
below the price you paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of our securities may not recover and may experience a further
decline. 

Factors
affecting the trading price of our securities may include: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar
 to ours; 

changes
 in the market s expectations about our operating results; 

the
 public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC; 

speculation
 in the press or investment community; 

actual
 or anticipated developments in our business, competitors businesses or the competitive landscape generally; 

innovations
 or new products developed by us or our competitors; 

manufacturing,
 supply or distribution delays or shortages; 

any
 changes to our relationship with any manufacturers, suppliers, licensors, future collaborators, or other strategic partners; 

the
 operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 

changes
 in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us or the market in general; 

operating
 and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to ours; 

changes
 in laws and regulations affecting our business; 

commencement
 of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 

changes
 in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 

the
 volume of our common stock available for public sale; 

any
 major change in our board of directors or management; 

sales
 of substantial amounts of our common stock by our directors, officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales
 could occur; and 

general
 economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, trade wars, pandemics (such as COVID-19) and
 acts of war or terrorism (including the Russia-Ukraine conflict). 

Broad
market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our securities irrespective of our operating performance. The stock
market in general and Nasdaq have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities,
may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for the stocks of other companies which investors perceive to be
similar to us could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations. Broad
market and industry factors, including the impact of global pandemics, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such
as recessions or interest rate changes, may seriously affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating
performance. A decline in the market price of our securities also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and
our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 

In
addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market prices of particular companies securities,
securities class action litigations have often been instituted against these companies. Litigation of this type, if instituted against
us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. Any adverse determination in
any such litigation or any amounts paid to settle any such actual or threatened litigation could require that we make significant payments. 

37 

An
active trading market for our securities may not be available on a consistent basis to provide stockholders with adequate liquidity. 

We
cannot assure you that an active trading market for our common stock will be sustained. Accordingly, we cannot assure you of the liquidity
of any trading market, your ability to sell your shares of our common stock when desired or the prices that you may obtain for your shares. 

The
exercise of outstanding warrants to acquire our common stock would increase the number of shares eligible for future resale in the public
market and result in dilution to our stockholders. 

The
exercise of outstanding warrants to acquire our common stock will increase the number of shares eligible for future resale in the public
market and result in dilution to our stockholders. As of March 15, 2023, there are currently (i) 9,487,500 shares of common stock issuable
upon the exercise of outstanding public warrants at an exercise price of 11.50 per share (the Public Warrants (ii) 4,627,858
shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding private warrants at an exercise price of 11.50 per share (the Private
Warrants and (iii) 2,593,056 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding Penny Warrants at an exercise price
of 0.01 per share. The 10 Warrants have been exercised in full and are no longer outstanding. 

In
addition, the Penny Warrants have price-based anti-dilution protection against subsequent equity sales or distributions at below 10.00
per share of common stock, subject to exclusions including for issuances upon conversion exercise or exchange of securities outstanding
as of October 7, 2022, the closing date of the Business Combination, issuances pursuant to agreements in effect as of the closing date
of the Business Combination, issuances pursuant to employee benefit plans and similar arrangements, issuances in joint ventures, strategic
arrangements or other non-financing type transactions and issuances pursuant to any public equity offerings. Depending on the nature
and price of any equity issuances by us, the number of shares issuable upon the exercise of such Penny Warrants could be increased and
the exercise price of the Penny Warrants could be adjusted down. Under the terms of the Penny Warrants, no adjustment will be made in
connection with any sale of shares of up to 150.0 million in gross proceeds under the Purchase Agreement (or any replacement thereof)
if the sales price is higher than 5.00 (appropriately adjusted for stock splits, combinations and the like). The Sponsor has agreed
that the Private Warrants may not be exercised to the extent the Sponsor and any affiliate of the Sponsor is deemed to beneficially own,
or it would cause the Sponsor and such affiliates to be deemed to beneficially own, more than 7.5 of our common stock. 

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating
results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide. 

Our
quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results.
These fluctuations may occur due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including, but not limited to: 

our
 ability to engage target customers and successfully convert these customers into meaningful orders in the future; 

our
 reliance on two suppliers for LFP cells and a single supplier for the manufacture of our battery management system; 

the
 size and growth of the potential markets for our batteries and its ability to serve those markets; 

challenges
 in our attempts to develop and produce solid state battery cells; 

the
 level of demand for any products, which may vary significantly; 

future
 accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; 

macroeconomic
 conditions, both nationally and locally; and 

any
 other change in the competitive landscape of our industry, including consolidation among
 our competitors or partners. 

The
cumulative effects of these factors could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results.
As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Investors should not rely on its past
results as an indication of our future performance. 

This
variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors
for any period. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any forecasts we may
provide to the market, or if the forecasts we provide to the market are below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of
our common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when it has met any previously publicly stated
revenue or earnings guidance it may provide. 

38 

Changes
in laws, regulations or rules, or a failure to comply with any laws, regulations or rules, may adversely affect our business, investments
and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws, regulations and rules enacted by national, regional and local governments and Nasdaq. In particular, we are required
to comply with certain SEC, Nasdaq and other legal or regulatory requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws, regulations
and rules may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws, regulations or rules and their interpretation and application may
also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations.
In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or rules, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse
effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation designates specific courts as the exclusive forum for substantially all stockholder litigation matters, which
could limit the ability of our stockholders to obtain a favorable forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law the Second Judicial District Court of Washoe County, Nevada is the sole and exclusive forum for any or all
actions, suits or proceedings, whether civil, administrative or investigative or that asserts any claim or counterclaim: (a) brought
in our name or right or on our behalf; (b) asserting a claim for breach of any fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers,
employees or agents to us or our stockholders; (c) arising or asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Nevada Revised
Statutes (the NRS Chapters 78 or 92A or any provision of our Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws; (d) to interpret,
apply, enforce or determine the validity of our Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws; or (e) asserting a claim governed by the internal
affairs doctrine. The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it
finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and
our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our Articles
of Incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action
in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district
courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under
the Securities Act. This provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable
for disputes with us and our directors, officers or other employees and may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors,
officers and other employees. Furthermore, stockholders may be subject to increased costs to bring these claims, and the exclusive forum
provision could have the effect of discouraging claims or limiting investors ability to bring claims in a judicial forum that
they find favorable. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation could discourage another company from acquiring us and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace
or remove our management. 

Provisions
in our Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws may discourage, delay, or prevent, a merger, acquisition or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their
shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock,
thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders
to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors.
As our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect any
attempt by our stockholders to replace current members of our management team. These provisions provide, among other things, that: 

our
 board of directors will be divided into three classes, with each class serving staggered three-year terms, which may delay the ability
 of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors; 

our
 board of directors has the exclusive right to expand the size of its board of directors and to elect directors to fill a vacancy
 created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders
 from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 

our
 stockholders may not act by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders; 

39 

a
 special meeting of stockholders may be called only by a majority of our board of directors, which may delay the ability of our
 stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 

our
 Articles of Incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders
 to elect director candidates; 

our
 board of directors may alter certain provisions of our Bylaws without obtaining stockholder approval; 

the
 approval of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (662 3 of our common shares entitled to vote at an election
 of our board of directors is required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal our Bylaws or amend, alter, change or repeal or adopt any
 provision of our Articles of Incorporation inconsistent with the provisions of our Articles of Incorporation regarding the election
 and removal of directors; 

stockholders
 must provide advance notice and additional disclosures to nominate individuals for election to our board of directors or to propose
 matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting
 a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain voting control of
 our common stock; and 

our
 board of directors is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the terms of those shares, including preferences
 and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer. 

We
are an emerging growth company and any decision to comply only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable
to emerging growth companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company,
we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging
growth companies, including: 

not
 being required to have an independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal control over financial reporting under
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

reduced
 disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and annual report on Form 10-K; and 

exemptions
 from the requirements of holding non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
 payments not previously approved. 

As
a result, the stockholders may not have access to certain information that they may deem important. Our status as an emerging growth
company will end as soon as any of the following takes place: 

the
 last day of the fiscal year in which we have at least 1.235 billion in annual revenue; 

the
 date we qualify as a large accelerated filer, with at least 700.0 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates; 

the
 date on which we have issued, in any three-year period, more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or 

the
 last day of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of our IPO. 

Under
the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards
apply to private companies. We may elect to take advantage of this extended transition period and as a result, our financial statements
may not be comparable with similarly situated public companies. 

We
cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on any of the exemptions afforded emerging
growth companies. If some investors find our common stock less attractive because we rely on any of these exemptions, there may be a
less active trading market for our common stock and the market price of our common stock may be more volatile and may decline. 

40 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce
timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired, which may adversely affect investor
confidence in us and, as a result, the market price of our common stock. 

As
a public company, we will be required to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including, among other things, that
we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. See We have identified
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. These material weaknesses could continue to adversely affect our
ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner . We are continuing to
develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by us in the reports that we file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC
rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive and financial officers. 

We
must continue to improve our internal control over financial reporting. We will be required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting and once we cease to be an emerging growth company, we will be required to include an
attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. To achieve
compliance with these requirements within the prescribed time period, we will be engaging in a process to document and evaluate our internal
control over financial reporting, which is both costly and challenging. In this regard, we will need to continue to dedicate internal
resources, potentially engage outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of our internal
control over financial reporting, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting
and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. There is a risk that we will not be able to conclude, within the
prescribed time period or at all, that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Moreover, our testing, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal additional deficiencies
in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. 

Any
failure to implement and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including
the identification of one or more material weaknesses, could cause investors to lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our
financial statements and reports, which would likely adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In addition, we could be
subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC and other regulatory authorities. 

Unanticipated
changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect
our financial condition and results of operations. 

We
will be subject to income taxes in the United States, and our tax liabilities will be subject to the allocation of expenses in differing
jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 

changes
 in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 

expected
 timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances; 

tax
 effects of stock-based compensation; 

costs
 related to intercompany restructurings; 

changes
 in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof; or 

lower
 than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated future earnings
 in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory tax rates. 

In
addition, we may be subject to audits of our income, sales and other transaction taxes by taxing authorities. Outcomes from these audits
could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
headquarters is located at 1190 Trademark Drive #108, Reno, Nevada 89521 in a 99,000 square foot manufacturing facility. The lease for
this building was entered into on March 1, 2021 and expires on April 30, 2026. The current rent is 58,009 payable monthly. 

On
February 8, 2022, we entered into a 124-month lease for an additional 390,240 square foot warehouse that is under construction in Reno,
Nevada. The rent under the lease will be 230,000 payable monthly upon substantial completion of construction as provided for in the
lease. 

We
maintain a warehouse facility at 12815 Old Virginia Road in Reno, Nevada. This is a 59,500 square foot facility that we use to store
and stage materials in preparation for production work. The lease for this space was entered into on December 1, 2021, and expires December
31, 2026; the current monthly rent is 40,222. 

Our
Research Development lab is a 9,600 square foot facility located in Sparks, Nevada. The lease for these premises was entered into
on July 27, 2020 and expires on July 31, 2025. The current monthly rent is 4,736. 

Our
podcast studio is a 1,772 square foot facility located in Sparks, Nevada. The lease for this space was assumed by us pursuant to the
Asset Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Bourns Production on January 1, 2022, and expires September 30, 2023. The current
monthly rent is 1,333 We do not own any real property. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in litigation or other legal proceedings. We are not currently a party to any litigation or legal
proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of outcome,
litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

41 

Part
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol DFLI and our Public Warrants are currently
listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol DFLIW . As of March 21, 2023, the closing price of our common stock
and warrants was 4.71 and 0.2465, respectively. As of March 21, 2023, there were 105 holders of record of our common stock and 37
holders of record of our Public Warrants. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the growth and development of our business. We have never
declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We do not intend to pay cash dividends to our stockholders in the foreseeable
future. Investors should not purchase our common stock with the expectation of receiving cash dividends. 

Any
future determination to declare dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition,
operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
October 7, 2022, we granted each of our non-employee directors (i.e. Jonathan Bellows, Perry Boyle, Karina Edmonds, Luisa Ingargiola,
Brian Nelson, and Rick Parod) an award of 30,000 restricted stock units RSUs under the Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. The RSUs are
eligible to vest on the first anniversary of the grant date, subject to each director s continued service on our board through
the vesting date. 

The
foregoing transactions did not involve any underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offering. We believe these
transactions were exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (and Regulation
D promulgated thereunder) as transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. 

All
certificates representing the securities issued in the transactions described above included appropriate legends setting forth that the
securities had not been offered or sold pursuant to a registration statement and describing the applicable restrictions on transfer of
the securities. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

As
a result of the completion of the Business Combination, the financial statements of Legacy Dragonfly are now the financial statements
of us. Prior to the Business Combination, we had no operating assets but, upon consummation of the Business Combination, the business
and operating assets of Legacy Dragonfly acquired by us became our sole business and operating assets. Accordingly, the financial statements
of Legacy Dragonfly and their respective subsidiaries as they existed prior to the Business Combination and reflecting the sole business
and operating assets of the Company going forward, are now the financial statements of us. 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this section regarding our financial position, business strategy and
the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking statements. When used in this section, words such
as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions,
as they relate to our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management,
as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Actual results could differ materially from those
contemplated by the forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed herein. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking
statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

42 

Some
of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere, including information with respect to our plans
and strategy for our business include forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. You should read the
sections titled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors for a discussion of
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking
statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 

Overview 

We
are a manufacturer of non-toxic deep cycle lithium-ion batteries that are designed to displace lead acid batteries in a number of different
storage applications and end markets including RV, marine vessel, and solar and off-grid industries, with disruptive solid-state cell
technology currently under development. 

Since
2020, we have sold over 226,000 batteries. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we sold 96,034 and 74,652 batteries, respectively,
and had 86.3 million and 78.0 million in net sales, respectively. We currently offer a line of batteries across our Battle
Born and Dragonfly brands, each differentiated by size, power and capacity, consisting of seven different models,
four of which come with a heated option. We primarily sell Battle Born branded batteries directly to consumers and Dragonfly 
branded batteries to OEMs. 

Our
increased total sales are a reflection of strong growth in OEM sales and Wakespeed products, partially offset by a decline in DTC sales.
Our RV OEM customers currently include Keystone, THOR, Airstream, and REV, and we are in ongoing discussions with a number of additional
RV OEMs to further increase adoption of our products. Related efforts include seeking to have RV OEMs design in our batteries
as original equipment and entering into arrangements with members of the various OEM dealer networks to stock our batteries for service
and for aftermarket replacement sales. 

We
currently source the lithium iron phosphate cells incorporated into our batteries from a limited number of carefully selected suppliers
that can meet our demanding quality standards and with whom we have developed long-term relationships. 

To
supplement our battery offerings, we are also a reseller of accessories for battery systems. These include chargers, inverters, monitors,
controllers and other system accessories from brands such as Victron Energy, Progressive Dynamics, Magnum Energy and Sterling Power. 

In
addition to our conventional LFP batteries, we have been developing proprietary LFP solid-state cell technology and manufacturing processes.
Our solid-state technology design allows for a much safer, more efficient cell that we believe will be a key differentiator in the energy
storage market. 

On
October 7, 2022, or the Closing Date, we consummated the Business Combination. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, Merger
Sub merged with and into Legacy Dragonfly, with Legacy Dragonfly surviving the merger and becoming a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of
Chardan. Thereafter, Merger Sub ceased to exist and Chardan was renamed Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. Legacy Dragonfly is deemed the
accounting acquirer, which means that Legacy Dragonfly s financial statements for previous periods will be disclosed in our future
periodic reports filed with the SEC. Following the Business Combination, our business is the business of Legacy Dragonfly. 

The
Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization. Under this method of accounting, Chardan was treated as the acquired
company for financial statement reporting purposes. 

We
have the ChEF Equity Facility. We have chosen to be conservative because of the performance of our
common stock in February and March 2023. Much of this was due to the low public float, low institutional interest (since we are
pre-lockup expiration), and low visibility of the Company in general. Moving forward, after the lockup expiration, we intend to
market more heavily to institutions and expect the trading volume to increase and the stock price to stabilize. Under these
conditions, we intend to use the ChEF Equity Facility to help maintain minimum cash balances
required by the lenders as we continue to execute on growing the business through product releases, customer/market expansion, and
R D milestones. We expect to use the ChEF Equity Facility as a regular source of funds over the next twelve
months as the lock-up on shares expires and our available share balance increases, allowing for more consistent purchases under the
ChEF Equity Facility. Use of the ChEF Equity Facility may adversely affect us, including the market price of our common stock and future issuances may be dilutive
to existing stockholders. 

43 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash totaling 17.8 million. Our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 39.6 million and
our net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 4.3 million. As a result of becoming a publicly traded company, we continue
to need to hire additional personnel and implement procedures and processes to address public company regulatory requirements and
customary practices. We expect to incur additional annual expenses as a public company for, among other things, directors and
officers liability insurance, director fees and additional internal and external accounting and legal and administrative
resources, including increased audit and legal fees. As discussed under Liquidity and Capital Resources 
below we expect that we will need to raise additional funds, including through the use of the ChEF Equity Facility and
the issuance of equity, equity-related or debt securities or by obtaining additional credit from financial institutions to fund,
together with our principal sources of liquidity, ongoing costs, such as research and development relating to our solid-state
batteries, expansion of our facilities, and new strategic investments. If such financings are not available, or if the terms of such financings are less desirable than we expect, we may be forced to take actions
to reduce our capital or operating expenditures, including not seeking potential acquisition opportunities, eliminating redundancies,
or reducing or delaying our production facility expansions, which may adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition
and prospects. 

Key
Factors Affecting Our Operating Results 

Our
financial position and results of operations depend to a significant extent on the following factors: 

End
Market Consumers 

The
demand for our products ultimately depends on demand from consumers in our current end markets. We generate sales through (1) DTC and
(2) through OEMs, particularly in the RV market. 

An
increasing proportion of our sales has been and is expected to continue to be derived from sales to RV OEMs, driven by continued efforts
to develop and expand sales to RV OEMs with whom we have longstanding relationships. Our RV OEM sales have been on a purchase order basis,
without firm revenue commitments, and we expect that this will likely continue to be the case. Therefore, future RV OEM sales will be
subject to risks and uncertainties, including the number of RVs these OEMs manufacture and sell, which in turn may be driven by the expectations
these OEMs have around end market consumer demand. 

Demand
from end market consumers is impacted by a number of factors, including travel restrictions, fuel costs and energy demands (including
an increasing trend towards the use of green energy), as well as overall macro-economic conditions. Sales of our batteries have benefited
from the increased adoption of the RV lifestyle, the demand for and inclusion of additional appliances and electronics in RVs, and the
accelerating trend of solar power adoption among RV customers. However, in recent months rising fuel costs and other macro-economic conditions
have caused a downward shift in decisions taken by end market consumers around spending. 

44 

Our
strategy includes plans to expand into new end markets that we have identified as opportunities for our LFP batteries, including industrial,
rail, specialty and work vehicles, material handling, solar integration, and emergency and standby power, in the medium term, and data
centers, telecom and distributed on-grid storage in the longer term. We believe that our current LFP batteries and, eventually, our solid-state
batteries, will be well-suited to supplant traditional lead-acid batteries as a reliable power source for the variety of low power density
uses required in these markets (such as powering the increasing number of on-board tools needed in emergency vehicles). The success of
this strategy requires (1) continued growth of these addressable markets in line with our expectations and (2) our ability to successfully
enter these markets. We expect to incur significant marketing costs understanding these new markets, and researching and targeting customers
in these end markets, which may not result in sales. If we fail to execute on this growth strategy in accordance with our expectations,
our sales growth would be limited to the growth of existing products and existing end markets. 

Supply 

We
currently rely on two carefully selected cell manufacturers located in China, and a single supplier, also located in China, to manufacture
our proprietary battery management system, and we intend to continue to rely on these suppliers going forward. Our close working relationships
with our China-based LFP cell suppliers, reflected in our ability to increase our purchase order volumes (qualifying us for related volume-based
discounts) and order and receive delivery of cells in anticipation of required demand, has helped us moderate increased supply-related
costs associated with inflation, currency fluctuations and U.S. government tariffs imposed on our imported battery cells and to avoid
potential shipment delays. To mitigate against potential adverse production events, we opted to build our inventory of key components,
such as battery cells. In connection with these stockpiling activities, we experienced a significant increase in prepaid inventory compared
to prior periods as suppliers required upfront deposits in response to global supply chain disruptions. 

As
a result of our battery chemistry and active steps we have taken to manage our inventory levels, we have not been subject to the
shortages or price impacts that have been present for manufacturers of nickel manganese cobalt and nickel cobalt aluminum batteries.
As we look toward the production of our solid-state cells, we have signed a non-binding Memorandum of Understanding with a lithium
mining company located in Nevada for the supply of lithium, which we expect will enable us to further manage our cost of
goods. 

Product
and Customer Mix 

Our
product sales consist of sales of seven different models of LFP batteries, along with accessories for battery systems (individually or
bundled). These products are sold to different customer types (e.g., consumers, OEMs and distributors) and at different prices and involve
varying levels of costs. In any particular period, changes in the mix and volume of particular products sold and the prices of those
products relative to other products will impact our average selling price and our cost of goods sold. Despite our work to moderate increased
supply-related costs, the price of our products may also increase as a result of increases in the cost of components due to inflation,
currency fluctuations and tariffs. OEM sales typically result in lower average selling prices and related margins, which could result
in margin erosion, negatively impact our growth or require us to raise our prices. However, this reduction is typically offset by the
benefits of increased sales volumes. Sales of third-party sourced accessories typically
have lower related margin. We expect accessory sales to increase as we further develop full-system design expertise and product offerings
and consumers increasingly demand more sophisticated systems, rather than simple drop-in replacements. In addition to the impacts attributable
to the general sales mix across our products and accessories, our results of operations are impacted by the relative margins of products
sold. As we continue to introduce new products at varying price points, our overall gross margin may vary from period to period as a
result of changes in product and customer mix. 

Production
Capacity 

All
of our battery assembly currently takes place at our 99,000 square foot headquarters and manufacturing facility located in Reno, Nevada.
We currently operate three LFP battery production lines. Consistent with our operating history, we plan to continue to automate additional
aspects of our battery production lines. Our existing facility has the capacity to add up to four additional LFP battery production lines
and construct and operate a pilot production line for our solid-state cells, all designed to maximize the capacity of our manufacturing
facility. Although our automation efforts are expected to reduce our costs of goods, we may not fully recognize the anticipated savings
when planned and could experience additional costs or disruptions to our production activities. 

In
addition, we have entered into a lease for an additional 390,240 square foot warehouse in Reno, Nevada, which is expected to be completed
in early 2024. This facility, combined with our existing facility, will allow further scaling of our increasingly automated battery pack
assembly capabilities, expand our warehousing space, and allow for deployment of our solid-state cell manufacturing. 

45 

Competition 

We
compete with traditional lead-acid battery manufacturers and lithium-ion battery manufacturers, who primarily either import their products
or components or manufacture products under a private label. As we continue to expand into new markets, develop new products and move
towards production of our solid-state cells, we will experience competition with a wider range of companies. These competitors may have
greater resources than we do, and may be able to devote greater resources to the development of their current and future technologies.
Our competitors may be able to source materials and components at lower costs, which may require us to evaluate measures to reduce our
own costs, lower the price of our products or increase sales volumes in order to maintain our expected levels of profitability. 

Research
and Development 

Our
research and development is primarily focused on the advanced manufacturing of solid-state lithium-ion batteries using an LFP catholyte,
a solid electrolyte and an intercalation-based anolyte (intercalation being the reversible inclusion of a molecule or ion into layered
solids). The next stage in our technical development is to construct the battery to optimize performance and longevity to meet and exceed
industry standards for our target storage markets. Ongoing testing and optimizing of more complicated batteries incorporating layered
pouch cells will assist us in determining the optimal cell chemistry to enhance conductivity and increase the number of cycles (charge
and discharge) in the cell lifecycle. This is expected to require significant additional expense, and we may need to raise additional
funds to continue these research and development efforts. 

Components
of Results of Operations 

Net
Sales 

Net
sales is primarily generated from the sale of our LFP batteries to OEMs and consumers, as well as chargers and other accessories, either
individually or bundled. 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Cost
of goods sold includes the cost of cells and other components of our LFP batteries, labor and overhead, logistics and freight costs,
and depreciation of manufacturing equipment. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross
profit, calculated as net sales less cost of goods sold, may vary between periods and is primarily affected by various factors including
average selling prices, product costs, product mix and customer mix. 

Operating
Expenses 

Research
and development 

Research
and development costs include personnel-related expenses for scientists, experienced engineers and technicians as well as the material
and supplies to support the development of new products and our solid-state technology. As we work towards completing the development
of our solid-state lithium-ion cells and the manufacturing of batteries that incorporate this technology, we anticipate that research
and development expenses will increase significantly for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in product development and optimizing
and producing solid-state cells. 

General
and administrative 

General
and administrative costs include personnel-related expenses attributable to our executive, finance, human resources, and information
technology organizations, certain facility costs, and fees for professional services. 

Selling
and marketing 

Selling
and marketing costs include outbound freight, personnel-related expenses, as well as trade show, industry event, marketing, customer
support, and other indirect costs. We expect to continue to make the necessary sales and marketing investments to enable the execution
of our strategy, which includes expanding into additional end markets. 

Total
Other Income (Expense) 

Other
income (expense) consists primarily of interest expense, the change in fair value of the warrant liability and amortization of debt issuance costs. 

46 

Results
of Operations 

Comparisons
for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table sets forth our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. This data should be read together
with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report, and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to such financial statements and related notes. 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 
Net Sales 
 2021 
 
Net Sales 

(in thousands) 
 
 Net Sales 
 86,251 
 100.0 
 78,000 
 100.0 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 62,247 
 72.2 
 48,375 
 62.0 
 
 Gross profit 
 24,004 
 27.8 
 29,625 
 38.0 
 
 Operating expenses 

Research and development 
 2,764 
 3.2 
 2,689 
 3.4 
 
 General and administrative 
 41,566 
 48.2 
 10,621 
 13.6 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 13,671 
 15.9 
 9,848 
 12.6 
 
 Total Operating expenses 
 58,001 
 67.2 
 23,158 
 29.7 
 
 (Loss) Income From Operations 
 (33,997 
 (39.4 
 6,467 
 8.3 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 

Other income 
 40 
 0.0 
 1 
 0.0 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 (6,945 
 (8.1 
 (519 
 (0.7 
 
 Change in fair market value of warrant liability 
 5,446 
 6.3 

Debt extinguishment 
 (4,824 
 (5.6) 

Total Other Expense 
 (6,283 
 (7.3 
 (518 
 (0.7 
 
 (Loss) Income Before Taxes 
 (40,280 
 (46.7 
 5,949 
 7.6 
 
 Income Tax (Benefit) Expense 
 (709 
 (0.8 
 1,611 
 2.1 
 
 Net (Loss) Income 
 (39,571 
 (45.9 
 4,338 
 5.6 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in
 thousands) 
 
 Retailer 
 43,344 
 59,042 
 
 Distributor 
 9,102 
 10,733 
 
 DTC 
 52,446 
 69,775 

Net Sales 
 60.8 
 89.5 
 
 OEM 
 33,805 
 8,225 

Net Sales 
 39.2 
 10.5 
 
 Net
 Sales 
 86,251 
 78,000 

Net
Sales 

Net
sales increased by 8.3 million, or 10.6 , to 86.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 78.0 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to higher OEM battery and accessory sales partially offset by lower DTC
sales. For the year ended December 31, 2022, OEM revenue increased by 25.6 million as a result of increased adoption of our products
by new and existing customers, several of whom have begun to design in our batteries in various RV models as original equipment
or have increased purchases in response to end-customer demand for safer, more efficient batteries and as a replacement for traditional
lead-acid batteries. DTC revenue decreased by 17.3 million as a result of decreased customer demand for our products due to rising interest rates and inflation. 

47 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Cost
of revenue increased by 13.9 million, or 28.7 , to 62.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 48.4 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to growth in the number of units sold resulting in an 11.6
million increase of product cost, a 2.2 million increase in overhead expense associated with the new manufacturing facility, and higher labor costs due to
growth in our operations. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross
profit decreased by 5.6 million, or 19.0 , to 24.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 29.6 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in gross profit was primarily due to a change in revenue mix that included a larger percentage
of lower margin OEM sales and a lower percentage of higher margin DTC sales, together with an increase in cost of goods sold as noted
above. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses increased by 0.1 million, or 2.8 , to 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to
 2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher wage expense partially offset by lower
product certification, patent expense and costs for materials used in research and development. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses increased by 30.9 million, or 291.4 , to 41.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared
to 10.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to expenses associated with the
aforementioned Business Combination and professional fees in the amount of 23.4 million and a 6.3 million increase in costs
associated with personnel needed for public company readiness. Other increases relate to compliance, insurance and system costs related to being a public company. 

Selling
and Marketing Expenses 

Sales
and marketing expenses increased by 3.8 million, or 38.8 , to 13.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 9.8
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to the addition of sales and marketing personnel to support
growth in our existing end markets, as well as to drive growth in the new, adjacent end markets we are targeting, overhead costs associated
with our larger manufacturing facility, increased shipping expenses due to higher volumes and price increases, and advertising and sponsorship
growth. 

Total
Other (Expense) Income 

Other
expense totaled 6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to total other expense of 0.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021. Other expense in 2022 is comprised primarily of interest expense of 3.7 million related to senior secured
notes of 45 million and 3.2 million related to debt securities of 75 million. Debt extinguishment expense of 4.8 million due to
the retirement of the 45 million in senior secured notes as a result of the Business Combination, partially offset by 5.4 million
in the change of the fair market value of our warrants. Interest expense will increase significantly as a result of approximately
 75.0 million in post-closing indebtedness following completion of the Business Combination. 

Income
Tax (Benefit) Expense 

Income
tax benefit was 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 1.6 million expense for the year ended December
31, 2021. The income tax benefit reflects our expected use of losses in the period against future tax obligations. Management
evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets and determined that it is
more likely than not that we will not recognize the benefits of the deferred tax assets primarily due to us entering into a 3-year cumulative loss position. As a result, a full valuation allowance
totaling 7.3 million was recorded as of December 31, 2022. 

Net
(Loss) Income 

We
experienced a net loss of 39.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net income of 4.3 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021. As described above, this result was driven primarily by higher sales offset by increased cost of goods sold,
higher operating expenses (primarily as a result of the Business Combination) and increased other expense. 

48 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.
The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make judgments and estimates that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. We
base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are
not readily apparent from other sources. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
On a recurring basis, we evaluate our judgments and estimates in light of changes in circumstances, facts, and experience. The effects
of material revisions in an estimate, if any, will be reflected in the consolidated financial statements prospectively from the date
of the change in the estimate. 

We
believe that the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our
financial statements. 

Inventory Valuation 

The
Company periodically reviews physical inventory for excess, obsolete, and potentially impaired items and reserves. Any such inventory is written down to net realizable value. The reserve estimate
for excess and obsolete inventory is dependent on expected future use and requires management judgement. 

Warrants 

We apply relevant accounting guidance for warrants
to purchase our stock based on the nature of the relationship with the counterparty. For warrants issued to investors or lenders in exchange
for cash or other financial assets, we follow guidance issued within ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ),
and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ), to assist in the determination of whether the warrants should be classified
as liabilities or equity. Warrants that are determined to require liability classifications are measured at fair value upon issuance
and are subsequently remeasured to their then fair value at each subsequent reporting period with changes in fair value recorded in current
earnings. Warrants that are determined to require equity classifications are measured at fair value upon issuance and are not subsequently
remeasured unless they are required to be reclassified. See Note 12 Warrants in our accompanying consolidated financial
statements for information on the warrants. 

Equity-Based
Compensation 

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of option grants. In estimating fair value,
management is required to make certain assumptions and estimates such as the expected life of units, volatility of the
Company s future share price, risk-free rates, future dividend yields and estimated forfeitures at the initial grant date.
Restricted stock unit awards are valued based on the closing trading value of the Company s
common stock on the date of grant. Changes in assumptions used to estimate fair value could result in materially different
results. 

Income
Taxes 

We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and tax
bases of assets and liabilities using enacted rates. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred taxes is recognized in income in
the period that includes the enactment date. 

We recognize the financial statement effect of an uncertain income tax position when it is
more likely than not, based on the technical merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination. Recognized income tax positions
are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50 likely to be realized. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce deferred
income tax assets to an amount, which in the opinion of management is more likely than not to be realized. 

Management
judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any valuation allowance
recorded against our deferred tax assets. We consider factors such as the cumulative income or loss in recent years; reversal of deferred
tax liabilities; projected future taxable income exclusive of temporary differences; the character of the income tax asset, including
income tax positions; tax planning strategies and the period over which we expect the deferred tax assets to be recovered in the determination
of the valuation allowance. In the event that actual results differ from these estimates or we adjust our estimates in the future, we
may need to adjust our valuation allowance, which could materially impact our financial position and results of operations. 

49 

Non-GAAP
Financial Measures 

This
Annual Report includes a non-GAAP measure that we use to supplement our results presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. EBITDA is
defined as earnings before interest and other income (expenses), income taxes, and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as
EBITDA adjusted for stock-based compensation, ERP implementation, non-recurring debt transaction and business combination expenses.
Adjusted EBITDA is a performance measure that we believe is useful to investors and analysts because it illustrates the underlying
financial and business trends relating to our core, recurring results of operations and enhances comparability between
periods. 

Adjusted
EBITDA is not a recognized measure under U.S. GAAP and is not intended to be a substitute for any U.S. GAAP financial measure and, as
calculated, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of performance of other companies in other industries or within
the same industry. Investors should exercise caution in comparing our non-GAAP measure to any similarly titled measure used by other
companies. This non-GAAP measure excludes certain items required by U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to information
reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

The
table below presents our adjusted EBITDA, reconciled to net (loss) income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in
 thousands) 
 
 Net
 (loss) income 
 (39,571 
 4,338 
 
 Interest
 Expense 
 6,945 
 519 
 
 Taxes 
 (709 
 1,611 

Depreciation
 and Amortization 
 891 
 617 
 
 EBITDA 
 (32,444 
 7,085 
 
 Adjusted
 for: 

Stock-Based
 Compensation (1) 
 2,467 
 734 
 
 ERP
 Implementation (2) 
 - 
 233 
 
 Promissory
 Note Forgiveness (3) 
 469 
 - 
 
 Loss
on Disposal of Assets 
 56 
 124 
 
 Separation
 Agreement (4) 
 1,197 
 - 
 
 Business
 Combination Expenses (5) 
 21,337 
 294 
 
 Debt extinguishment (6) 
 4,824 
 - 
 
 Change in fair
 market value of warrant liability (7) 
 (5,446 
 - 
 
 Adjusted
 EBITDA 
 (7,540 
 8,470 

(1) 
 Stock-Based
 Compensation is comprised of costs associated with option and RSU grants made to our employees, consultants and board members. 

(2) 
 ERP
 Implementation is comprised of costs and expenses associated with our implementation of an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system
 in anticipation of the Business Combination and becoming a public company. 

(3) 
 Promissory
 Note Forgiveness is comprised of the loan that was forgiven, prior to the Business Combination, in connection with the promissory
 note, with a maturity date of March 1, 2026, between us and John Marchetti, our Chief Financial Officer. 

(4) 
 Separation
 Agreement is comprised of 1.2 million in cash severance associated with the Separation Agreement, dated October 25, 2022, as amended
 on November 14, 2022, between us and Sean Nichols, our former Chief Operating Officer. 

(5) 
 Business
 Combination Expenses is comprised of fees and expenses, including legal, accounting, and others associated with the Business Combination. 

(6) 
 Debt extinguishment expenses are comprised of expenses
incurred in connection with the early debt repayment of the Series 2021-6 Notes that occurred in conjunction with the Business Combination. 

(7) 
 Change in fair market value of warrant liabilities represents the
change in fair value from the date the warrants were issued through December 31, 2022. 

50 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Liquidity
describes the ability of a company to generate sufficient cash flows to meet the cash requirements of its business operations, including
working capital needs, debt service, acquisitions, contractual obligations and other commitments. We assess liquidity in terms of our
cash flows from operations and their sufficiency to fund our operating and investing activities. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash
totaling 17.8 million. 

We
expect our capital expenditures and working capital requirements to increase materially in the near future, as we continue our research
and development efforts (particularly those related to solid-state lithium-ion battery development), expand our production lines, scale
up production operations and look to enter into adjacent markets for our batteries (with operating expenses expected to increase across
all major expense categories). We expect to deploy a significant amount of capital to continue our optimization and commercialization
efforts dedicated to our solid-state technology development, as well as continued investment to automate and increase the production
capacity of our existing assembly operation, expansion of our facilities and new strategic investments. To date, our focus has been on
seeking to prove the fundamental soundness of our manufacturing techniques and our solid-state chemistry. Moving forward, our solid-state
related investments will focus on chemistry optimization and establishing a pilot line for pouch cell production. Over the next two to
three years, we expect to spend in excess of 50 million on solid-state development and cell manufacturing technologies. In connection
with the growth of our business and in anticipation of future needs and to protect against supply-chain and logistics related shortages,
during the fourth quarter of 2022, we continued to increase our inventory purchasing activities. As a result, our inventory balance at
December 31, 2022 increased by 22.8 million to 49.9 million, compared to 27.1 million at December 31, 2021. 

We
expect that we will need to raise additional funds, including through the use of the ChEF Equity Facility and the issuance of equity, equity-related or debt securities or by obtaining additional credit from financial institutions to fund, together
with our principal sources of liquidity, ongoing costs, such as research and development relating to our solid-state batteries, expansion of our facilities, and new strategic investments. If such
financings are not available, or if the terms of such financings are less desirable than we expect, we may be forced to take actions
to reduce our capital or operating expenditures, including by not seeking potential acquisition opportunities, eliminating
redundancies, or reducing or delaying our production facility expansions, which may adversely affect our business, operating
results, financial condition and prospects. Further, any future debt or equity financings may be dilutive to our current stockholders. 

Financing
Obligations and Requirements 

On November 24, 2021, we issued 45 million of
fixed rate senior notes, secured by among other things, a security interest in our intellectual property. As part of the Business Combination,
we entered into the Term Loan, the proceeds of which were used to repay the 45 million fixed rate senior notes, and ChEF Equity Facility. 

51 

The
Term Loan proceeds were used to: (i) support the Business Combination, (ii) prepay the fixed rate senior notes at closing of the
Business Combination, (iii) pay fees and expenses in connection with the foregoing, (iv) to provide additional growth capital and
(v) for other general/corporate purposes. The Term Loan will mature on October 7, 2026, or the Maturity Date, and will be subject to
quarterly amortization of 5 per annum beginning 24 months after issuance. The definitive documents for the Term Loan incorporate
certain mandatory prepayment events and certain affirmative and negative covenants and exceptions hereto. The financial covenants
for the Term Loan include a maximum senior leverage ratio covenant, a minimum liquidity covenant, a springing fixed charge coverage
ratio covenant, and a maximum capital expenditures covenant. On March 29, 2023, we obtained a waiver from our Administrative Agent
and Term Loan Lenders of our failure to satisfy the fixed charge coverage ratio and maximum senior leverage ratio with respect to
the minimum cash requirements under the Term Loan during the quarter ended March 31, 2023. It is probable that we will fail to meet
these covenants within the next twelve months. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we reclassified our notes payable from a long-term
liability to a current liability. The Term Loan accrues interest (i) until April 1, 2023 at a per annum rate equal to adjusted SOFR
is a margin equal to 13.5 , of which 7 will be payable in cash and 6.5 will be paid in-kind, (ii) thereafter until October 1,
2024, at a per annum rate equal to adjusted SOFR plus 7 payable in cash plus an amount ranging from 4.5 to 6.5 , depending on the
senior leverage ratio of the consolidated company. In each of the foregoing case, adjusted SOFR will be no less than 1 . 

We
may elect to prepay all or any portion of the amounts owed prior to the Maturity Date, provided that we provide notice to the Administrative
Agent and the amount is accompanied by the applicable prepayment premium, if any. Prepayments of the Term Loan are required to be accompanied
by a premium of 5 of the principal amount so prepaid if made prior to the October 7, 2023, 3 if made on and after
October 7, 2023 but prior to October 7, 2024, 1 if made after October 7, 2024 but prior to October 7, 2025, and 0 if made on or after October 7, 2025. If
the Term Loan is accelerated following the occurrence of an event of default, Legacy Dragonfly is required to immediately pay to lenders
the sum of all obligations for principal, accrued interest, and the applicable prepayment premium. 

Pursuant
to the Term Loan Agreement, we have guaranteed the obligations of Legacy Dragonfly and such obligations will be guaranteed by any of
Legacy Dragonfly s subsidiaries that are party thereto from time to time as guarantors. Also pursuant to the Term Loan Agreement,
the Administrative Agent was granted a security interest in substantially all of the personal property, rights and assets of us as and
Legacy Dragonfly to secure the payment of all amounts owed to lenders under the Term Loan Agreement. In addition, we entered into a Pledge
Agreement pursuant to which we pledged to the Administrative Agent our equity interests in Legacy Dragonfly as further collateral security
for the obligations under the Term Loan Agreement. At the closing of the Business Combination, we issued to the Term Loan Lenders (i)
the Penny Warrants and (ii) the 10 Warrants. 

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, on the terms of and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in the Purchase Agreement, including
the filing and effectiveness of a registration statement registering the resale by CCM LLC of the shares of common stock issued to
it under the Purchase Agreement, we will have the right from time to time at our option to direct CCM LLC to purchase up to a
specified maximum amount of shares of common stock, up to a maximum aggregate purchase price of 150 million over the term of the
ChEF Equity Facility. In connection with the ChEF Equity Facility, we filed a registration statement registering the resale of up to 21,512,027 shares that
may be resold into the public markets by CCM LLC, which represented approximately 50 of the shares of our common stock outstanding as
of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not sell any shares of our common stock under the ChEF Equity Facility.
From January 1, 2023 to April 17, 2023, we issued and sold approximately 98,500 shares of our common stock under this facility, resulting
in net cash proceeds of 670,593. Any sales of such shares into the public market could have a significant negative impact
on the trading price of our common stock. This impact may be heightened by the fact that sales to CCM LLC will generally be at prices
below the current trading price of our common stock. If the trading price of our common stock does not recover or experiences a further
decline, sales of shares of common stock to CCM LLC pursuant to the Purchase Agreement may be a less attractive source of capital and/or
may not allow us to raise capital at rates that would be possible if the trading price of our common stock were higher. 

On
March 5, 2023, we issued the Note in the Principal Amount of 1.0 million to Brian Nelson, one of our directors, in a private
placement in exchange for cash in an equal amount. The Note became due and payable in full on April 1, 2023. We were also obligated
to pay the Loan Fee in the amount of 100,000 to Mr. Nelson on April 4, 2023. The Principal Amount of the Note was paid in full on
April 1, 2023 and the Loan Fee was paid in full on April 4, 2023. 

We
have also filed a registration statement registering the resale of up to 55,298,545 shares that may be resold and/or issued into the
public markets, which represents approximately 128 of the shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The selling
securityholders will determine the timing, pricing and rate at which they sell such shares into the public market. Although the current
trading price of our common stock is below 10.00 per share, which was the sales price for units in the Chardan IPO, certain of the selling
security holders have an incentive to sell because they purchased shares and/or warrants at prices below the initial public offering
price and/or below the recent trading prices of our securities. Additionally, while sales by such investors may experience a positive
rate of return based on the trading price at the time they sell their shares, the public securityholders may not experience a similar
rate of return on the securities they purchased due to differences in the prices at which such public securityholders purchased their
shares and the trading price. Given the substantial number of shares of common stock being registered for potential resale by the selling
securityholders pursuant to such prospectus, the sale of shares by the selling securityholders, or the perception in the market that
the selling securityholders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, may increase the volatility of the market price of our
common stock, may prevent the trading price of our securities from exceeding the Chardan IPO offering price and may cause the trading
prices of our securities to experience a further decline. 

52 

Going
Concern 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred losses and had a negative cash flow from operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately
 17.8 million in cash and cash equivalents and working capital of 32.9 million. 

Under
the Term Loan Agreement, we are obligated to comply with certain financial covenants, which include maintaining a maximum senior
leverage ratio, minimum liquidity, a springing fixed charge coverage ratio, and maximum capital expenditures. On March 29, 2023, we
obtained a waiver from our Administrative Agent and Term Loan Lenders of our failures to satisfy the fixed charge coverage ratio and
maximum senior leverage ratio with respect to the minimum cash requirements under the Term Loan during the quarter ended March 31,
2023. It is probable that we will fail to meet these covenants within the next twelve months. If we are unable to comply with the
financial covenants in our loan agreement, the Term Loan Lenders have the right to accelerate the maturity of the Term Loan. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As a result, our independent registered public
accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in its report on our 2022 consolidated financial statements, with respect to this
uncertainty. 

In
addition, we may need to raise additional debt and/or equity financing to fund our operations and strategic plans and meet our financial covenants. We have historically been able
to raise additional capital through issuance of equity and/or debt financing and we intend to use the ChEF Equity Facility and raise
additional capital as needed. However, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to raise additional equity, contain expenses, or increase revenue, and comply with the financial covenants under the Term Loan. If such financings are not available, or if the terms
of such financings are less desirable than we expect, we may be forced to take actions to reduce our capital or operating expenditures,
including by not seeking potential acquisition opportunities, eliminating redundancies, or reducing or delaying our production facility
expansions, which may adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. Further, future debt or equity financings may be dilutive to our current stockholders. 

Cash
Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net
 Cash provided by/(used in): 
 (in
 thousands) 
 
 Operating
 Activities 
 (45,696 
 (13,573 
 
 Investing
 activities 
 (6,827 
 (2,909 
 
 Financing
 activities 
 41,674 
 38,906 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 45.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to a net loss during the period
largely driven by Business Combination expenses and an increase in purchased inventory to support future growth and to protect against
potential supply disruptions. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 13.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to net income during the
period which was more than offset by an increase in working capital (particularly inventory as the Company made the operational decision to build a larger buffer inventory to protect against potential shortages as we were targeting
larger OEM customers) as a result of growth in our
operations. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 6.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2.9 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The increase in net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to an increase in capital expenditures to
support the expansion of our core battery business and our ongoing efforts to develop solid-state battery technology and manufacturing
processes. 

53 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 41.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of proceeds from
the 75.0 million term loan as part of the Business Combination, and 15.0 million from the strategic investment made by Thor Industries,
partially offset by a 45.0 million expense for the repayment of the senior secured notes. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 38.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of 45.0 million
in proceeds from the senior secured notes, partially offset by associated issuance costs. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Our
estimated future obligations consist of short-term and long-term operating lease liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.2 million
in short-term operating lease liabilities and 3.5 million in long-term operating lease liabilities. 

As disclosed above, Consistent with the Debt Commitment Letter dated May 15, 2022 by and between CCM 5, and EICF EIP, in connection with
the Closing, Chardan, Legacy Dragonfly and the Initial Term Loan Lenders entered into the Term Loan Agreement setting forth the terms
of a senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of 75 million. The Chardan Lender backstopped its commitment
under the Debt Commitment Letter by entering into a Backstop Commitment Letter, with the Backstop Lender, pursuant to which the Backstop
Lender committed to purchase from the Chardan Lender the Backstopped Loans immediately following the issuance of the Term Loan on the
Closing Date. Pursuant to an assignment agreement, the Backstopped Loans were assigned by CCM 5 to the Backstop Lender on the Closing
Date. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Term Loan Agreement, the Term Loan was advanced in one tranche on the Closing Date. The proceeds of
the Term Loan were used (i) to refinance on the Closing Date prior indebtedness, (ii) to support thine Business Combination under the
Business Combination Agreement, (iii) for working capital purposes and other corporate purposes, and (iv) to pay any fees associated with
transactions contemplated under the Term Loan Agreement and the other loan documents entered into in connection therewith, including the
transactions described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) and fees and expenses related to the business combination. The Term Loan
amortizes in the amount of 5 per annum beginning 24 months after the Closing Date and matures on the fourth anniversary of the Closing
Date Maturity Date ). The Term Loan accrues interest (i) until April 1, 2023, at a per annum rate equal to the adjusted
SOFR plus a margin equal to 13.5 , of which 7 will be payable in cash and 6.5 will be paid in-kind, (ii) thereafter until October 1,
2024, at a per annum rate equal to adjusted SOFR plus 7 payable in cash plus an amount ranging from 4.5 to 6.5 , depending on the senior
leverage ratio of the consolidated company, which will be paid-in-kind and (iii) at all times thereafter, at a per annum rate equal to
adjusted SOFR plus a margin ranging from 11.5 to 13.5 payable in cash, depending on the senior leverage ratio of the consolidated company.
In each of the foregoing cases, adjusted SOFR will be no less than 1 . 

JOBS
Act Accounting Election 

As
an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period. Accordingly, when an accounting standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or
private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, will adopt the new or revised accounting standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised accounting standard, unless early adoption is permitted by the accounting standard, and we elect early adoption.
This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging
growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences
in accounting standards used. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our
consolidated audited financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, together with the report
of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon and the notes thereto, are presented beginning at page F-2. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

54 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that
we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to
our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Our management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and
procedures. Based upon the evaluation described above, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that, for
the reasons set forth below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision
of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Due
to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and, even when determined
to be effective, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate as a result
of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO issued in May 2013 and related COSO guidance. Based on our evaluation under this framework, management
has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective and could lead to a
material misstatement of account balances or disclosures. A material weakness is a control deficiency or combination of deficiencies
in internal control, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the entity s financial
statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Our management concluded that we have material
weaknesses in the design and maintenance of certain appropriate entity-level controls impacting the control environment, risk
assessment procedures, and monitoring activities. These material weaknesses have led to additional material weaknesses in certain
control activities. 

Control
Environment . We concluded that we did not maintain effective controls in the following areas: (i) insufficient number of accounting
and financial reporting resources with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training, (ii) ineffective identification and
assessment of risks impacting internal control over financial reporting, and (iii) ineffective evaluation and determination as to whether
the components of internal control were present and functioning. 

Control
activities . We concluded that the material weaknesses contributed to the following additional material weaknesses in business
processes: (i) designing and implementing procedures surrounding completion, accuracy and review of
account reconciliations; (ii) designing and implementing controls to assess the completeness, accuracy and accounting analysis of
material contracts entered into by us; (iii) designing and implementing controls to sufficiently supervise and review the work
completed by specialist engaged by us; (iv) designing and implementing controls to ensure the accuracy of
period-end inventory count procedures to ensure proper financial reporting; and (v) designing and implementing control procedures to
ensure the accuracy of the financial statements to the underlying accounting records and ensure the completeness of required
disclosures. 

Remediation
Plan for the Material Weakness 

In
response to the material weaknesses noted above, the Company s management began to take actions to remediate the identified material
weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. As part of management s remediation plan, certain efforts were put into
place and were underway prior to December 31, 2022. All new and revised controls that management started to implement in the fourth quarter
of 2022 as part of the remediation plan require a period of seasoning to allow for a sufficient operating effectiveness testing sample.
Management plans to build on and continue such efforts going into the next fiscal year in order to successfully remediate the identified
material weaknesses. 

The
following remedial actions were taken during the year ended December 31, 2022 to remediate the material weaknesses in internal control
over financial reporting: 

Increased
 the number of personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge related to accounting transactions, accounting matters, and relevant
 systems. 

Engaged
 a third-party service provider to assist management with the design and implementation of internal controls. 

Started
 an initial risk assessment based on the criteria established by COSO to identify internal controls over financial reporting ICFR risks and control objectives 

With
the assistance from the third-party service provider, and under the supervision of the Company s Audit Committee, Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, started the design and implementation of significant process transaction flows and key controls
in the Company s business processes, including revenue, inventory, income taxes, and overall IT environment. As discussed above,
all new processes and controls were in the seasoning period as of December 31, 2022. 

55 

Additionally,
management is in the process of implementing the below changes to the Company s processes to improve its internal control over
financial reporting: 

Developing
 a training program and educating control owners concerning the principles of the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued
 by COSO; 

Adopting
 a process to identify and assess the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, including the preparation and review of
 presentation and disclosure requirement checklists. 

Implementing
 a risk assessment process by which management identifies risks of misstatement related to all account balances; 

Developing
 internal controls documentation, including comprehensive accounting policies and procedures over financial processes and related
 disclosures; 

Enhancing
 policies and procedures to retain adequate documentary evidence for certain management review controls over certain business processes
 including precision of review and evidence of review procedures performed to demonstrate effective operation of such controls; 

Engaging
 outside resources for complex accounting matters and drafting and retaining position papers for all complex, non-recurring transactions; 

Developing
 monitoring activities and protocols that will allow us to timely assess the design and the operating effectiveness of controls over
 financial reporting and make necessary changes to the design of controls, if any 

Segregating
 key functions within our financial and information technology processes supporting our internal controls over financial reporting; 

Reassessing
 and formalizing the design of certain accounting and information technology policies relating to security and change management controls,
 including user access reviews, including assessing the need for implementing a more robust information technology system; 

Continuing
 to enhance and formalize our accounting, business operations, and information technology policies, procedures, and controls to achieve
 complete, accurate, and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures. 

Despite
the existence of the material weakness, we believe the financial information presented herein is materially correct and in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm on our internal control over
financial reporting due to an exemption established by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies. In addition, we are
currently a non-accelerated filer and are therefore not required to provide an attestation report on our internal control over financial
reporting until such time as we are an accelerated filer or large accelerated filer. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Except
for the material weaknesses and remediation plan described above, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial
reporting that occurred
during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

56 

Part
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information called for by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or Proxy Statement,
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information called for by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information called for by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information called for by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
information called for by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

57 

Part
IV 

Item
15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this report: 

1. 
 Financial
 Statements 

The
list of consolidated financial statements set forth in the accompanying Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements at page F-1 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. Such consolidated financial statements are filed as part of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2. 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules 

All
schedules have been omitted because the required information is either not required, not applicable or because the information required
is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

3.
Exhibits 

Incorporated
 By Reference 
 
 Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing 
 Date 
 
 2.1# 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 15, 2022, by and among Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. (f/k/a Chardan NexTech Acquisition 2 Corp.), Bronco Merger Sub, Inc. and Dragonfly Energy Corp. (included as Annex A to the proxy statement/prospectus). 
 
 S-4 
 
 2.1 
 
 07/22/2022 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 12, 2022, by and among Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. (f/k/a Chardan NexTech Acquisition 2 Corp.), Bronco Merger Sub, Inc. and Dragonfly Energy Corp. 
 
 S-4 
 
 2.1(a) 
 
 07/22/2022 
 
 2.3 
 
 Plan of Conversion. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 03/31/2023 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 03/31/2023 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 03/31/2023 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of 10 Warrant of Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Penny Warrant of Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.3 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2022, between Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. 
 
 S-1 
 
 4.4 
 
 10/21/2022 
 
 4.5 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate of Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. 

4.6 
 
 Promissory Note of the Company, dated March 5, 2023. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 03/09/2023 
 
 4.7 
 
 Description of Securities. 

10.1 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2022, by and among Chardan NexTech Investments 2 LLC, Dragonfly Energy Corp. and Chardan NexTech Investments 2 LLC (included as Annex E to the proxy statement/prospectus). 
 
 S-4 
 
 10.4 
 
 07/22/2022 
 
 10.2 
 
 Commitment Letter, dated as of May 15, 2022, by and among Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. (f/k/a Chardan NexTech Acquisition 2 Corp.), Dragonfly Energy Corp., CCM Investments 5 LLC and EICF Agent LLC (included as Annex J to the proxy statement/prospectus). 
 
 S-4 
 
 10.5 
 
 07/22/2022 
 
 10.3 
 
 Equity Facility Letter Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2022, by and among Dragonfly Energy Corp., Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. (f/k/a Chardan NexTech Acquisition 2 Corp.) and CCM Investments 5 LLC (included as Annex K to the proxy statement/prospectus). 
 
 S-4 
 
 10.6 
 
 07/22/2022 
 
 10.4 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2022, between Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. (f/k/a Chardan NexTech Acquisition 2 Corp.) and Chardan NexTech Investments 2 LLC (included as Annex F to the proxy statement/prospectus). 
 
 S-4 
 
 10.7 
 
 07/22/2022 
 
 10.5++ 
 
 Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 10.6++ 
 
 Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.6 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 10.7++ 
 
 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement. 
 
 S-4/A 
 
 10.10 
 
 09/14/2022 
 
 10.8 
 
 Multi-tenant Industrial Triple Net Lease, dated as of March 1, 2021, between Dragonfly Energy Corp. and Icon Reno Property Owner Pool 3 Nevada, LLC. 
 
 S-4 
 
 10.11 
 
 07/22/2022 
 
 10.9 
 
 Lease, dated as of February 8, 2022, between Dragonfly Energy Corp. and Prologis, L.P. 
 
 S-4 
 
 10.12 
 
 07/22/2022 

58 

10.10# 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2022, between Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. and Chardan Capital Markets LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.10 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 10.11 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2022, between Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. and Chardan Capital Markets LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.11 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 10.12 
 
 Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2022, by and among the Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp., Dragonfly Energy Corp., the lenders from time to time party thereto and Alter Domus (US) LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.12 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 10.13 
 
 Pledge Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2022, by and among Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. and Alter Domus (US) LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.13 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 10.14++ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2022, by and between Dragonfly Energy Corp. and Denis Phares. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.14 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 10.15++ 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2022, by and between Dragonfly Energy Corp. and Denis Phares. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.15 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 10.16++ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2022, by and between Dragonfly Energy Corp. and Sean Nichols. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.16 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 10.17++ 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2022, by and between Dragonfly Energy Corp. and Sean Nichols. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.17 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 10.18++ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2021, by and between Dragonfly Energy Corp. and John Marchetti. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.18 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 10.19++ 
 
 Dragonfly Energy Corp. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.19 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 10.20++ 
 
 Dragonfly Energy Corp. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.20 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 10.21 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2022, by and among Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. and each of the stockholders thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.21 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 10.22++ 
 
 Director Compensation Policy. 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.22 
 
 11/4/2022 
 
 10.23++ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2022, by and between Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. and Denis Phares. 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.23 
 
 11/4/2022 
 
 10.24++ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2022, by and between Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. and John Marchetti. 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.24 
 
 11/4/2022 
 
 10.25++ 
 
 First Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 24, 2023, by and between Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. and John Marchetti. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 03/02/2023 
 
 10.26 
 
 Separation Agreement by and between Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. and Sean Nichols, dated October 25, 2022. 

10.27 
 
 First Amendment to Separation Agreement by and between Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. and Sean Nichols, dated November 14, 2022. 

10.28 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated April 22, 2022, by and among Dragonfly Energy Corp., Thomason Jones Company, LLC, William Thomason and Richard Jones. 

10.29 
 
 Manufacturing Supply Agreement, dated November 19, 2021, by and between Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. and Keystone RV Company. 

10.30 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated January 1, 2022, by and between Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. and Bourns Productions, Inc. 

10.31 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated January 1, 2022, by and between Dragonfly Energy Corp. and Bourns Productions, Inc. 

10.32 
 
 Assignment and Assumption of Lease Agreement, dated January 1, 2022, by and among Dragonfly Energy Corp., Bourns Productions, Inc. and Los Angeles Steel Co. 

10.33 
 
 Research and Development Lab Lease, dated April 25, 2019, by and between Dragonfly Energy Corp. and BRE RS Greg Park Owner LLC. 

10.34 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Research and Lab Lease, dated March 12, 2020, by and between Dragonfly Energy Corp. and DRE RS Greg Park Owner LLC. 

10.35 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Research and Lab Lease, dated July 27, 2020, by and between Dragonfly Energy Corp. and DRE RS Greg Park Owner LLC. 

10.36 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Research and Lab Lease, dated August 26, 2020, by and between Dragonfly Energy Corp. and DRE RS Greg Park Owner LLC. 

10.37 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to Research and Lab Lease, dated December 16, 2020, by and between Dragonfly Energy Corp. and BRS RS Greg Park Owner LLC. 

10.38 
 
 Amendment No. 5 to Research and Lab Lease, dated January 28, 2022, by and between Dragonfly Energy Corp. and BRS RS Greg Park Owner LLC. 

10.39 
 
 Limited Waiver, dated as of March 29, 2023, to the Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2022, by and among Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp., Dragonfly Energy Corp., the lenders from time to time party thereto and Alter Domus (US) LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 03/29/2023 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 
 8-K 
 
 21.1 
 
 10/11/2022 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of BDO USA, LLP. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

Filed
 herewith. 
 
 Furnished
 herewith. 
 
 # Portions
 of schedules and exhibits to the agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of
 Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities
 and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 
 ++ Indicates
 a management contract or compensatory plan. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

59 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Reno, Nevada, on the 17 th day of
April, 2023. 

DRAGONFLY
 ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Denis Phares 

Chief
 Executive Officer and President 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/John
 Marchetti 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Annual Report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Denis Phares 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Chairman 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Denis
 Phares 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 John Marchetti 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 John
 Marchetti 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Jay Bellows 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Jay
 Bellows 

/s/
 Perry Boyle 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Perry
 Boyle 

/s/
 Karina Edmonds 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Karina
 Edmonds 

/s/
 Luisa Ingargiola 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Luisa
 Ingargiola 

/s/
 Brian Nelson 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Brian
 Nelson 

/s/
 Rick Parod 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Rick
 Parod 

60 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders
and Board of Directors 

 Dragonfly
Energy Holdings Corp. 

 Reno,
Nevada 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years
then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred losses and has a negative cash flow from operations and concluded it is probable the Company will not comply with future covenants of the Term Loan and does not have
sufficient resources to repay the Term Loan, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to
error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for
the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April 17, 2023 

F- 2 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Current
 Assets 

Cash 

Restricted
 cash 
 - 

Accounts
 receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 

Inventory 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Prepaid
 inventory 

Prepaid
 income tax 
 
 - 
 
 Other
 current assets 

Total
 Current Assets 

Property
 and Equipment 

Machinery
 and equipment 

Office
 furniture and equipment 

Leasehold
 improvements 

Vehicle 

Total 

Less
 accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property
 and Equipment, Net 

Operating
 lease right of use asset 

Total
 Assets 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 payroll and other liabilities 

Customer
 deposits 

Uncertain
 tax position liability 
 
 - 
 
 Income
 tax payable 
 - 

Notes
 payable, current portion, net of debt issuance costs 

Operating
 lease liability, current portion 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Long-Term
 Liabilities 

Notes
 payable-noncurrent, net of debt issuance costs 
 - 

Deferred
 tax liabilities 
 - 

Warrant
 liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued
 expenses, long-term 
 
 - 
 
 Operating
 lease liability, net of current portion 

Total
 Long-Term Liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies (See Note 6) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equity 

Common
 stock, shares, par value, authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December
 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Preferred
 stock, shares, par value, authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additional
 paid in capital 

Retained
 (deficit) earnings 

Total
 Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF Operations 

 YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net
 Sales 

Cost
 of Goods Sold 

Gross
 Profit 

Operating
 Expenses 

Research
 and development 

General
 and administrative 

Selling
 and marketing 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

(Loss)
 Income From Operations 

Other
 Income (Expense) 

Other
 income 

Interest
 expense, net 

Change
 in fair market value of warrant liability 
 
 - 
 
 Debt
 extinguishment 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 Other Expense 

(Loss)
 Income Before Taxes 

Income
 Tax (benefit) Expense 

Net
 (Loss) Income 

(Loss)
 Earnings Per Share Basic 

(Loss)
 Earnings Per Share Diluted 

Weighted
 Average Number of Shares Basic 

Weighted
 Average Number of Shares Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA) 

Redeemable
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Retained Earnings 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 
 (Deficit) 
 Total 

Balance
 - January 1, 2021 

Retroactive
 application of recapitalization 

- 
 
 - 

Adjusted balance,
 beginning of period 
 - 
 - 

Net
 (loss) income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise
 of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 - December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 -January 1, 2022, after giving effect to the recapitalization 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 (loss) income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 purchase agreement 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock
 options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Reverse
 capitalization, net of transaction costs (See Note 3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cashless
 exercise of liability classified warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock
 compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 - December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash
 flows from Operating Activities 

Net
 (Loss) Income 

Adjustments
 to Reconcile Net (Loss) Income to Net Cash 

Adjustments
 to Reconcile Net (Loss) Income to Net Cash Provided
 by (Used in) Operating Activities 

Provided
 by (Used in) Operating Activities 

Stock
 based compensation 

Debt
 extinguishment 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization
 of debt discount 

Change
 in fair market value of warrant liability 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred
 tax liability 

Non-cash
 interest expense (paid-in-kind) 
 
 - 
 
 Provision
 for doubtful accounts 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Loss
 on disposal of property and equipment 

Assumption of Warrant Liability 
 
 - 
 
 Changes
 in Assets and Liabilities 

Accounts
 receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Prepaid
 inventory 

Other
 current assets 

Other
 assets 

Income
 taxes payable 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Uncertain
 tax position liability 

Customer
 deposits 

Total
 Adjustments 

Net
 Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash
 Flows From Investing Activities 

Proceeds
 from disposal of property and equipment 

Purchase
 of property and equipment 

Net
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Cash
 Flows From Financing Activities 

Proceeds
 from term loan 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from note payable 
 - 

Repayment from note payable 

- 
 
 Payments
 of debt issuance costs 

Proceeds
 from exercise of options 

Proceeds
 from stock purchase agreement 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from revolving note agreement 
 - 

Repayments
 of revolving note agreement 
 - 

Net
 Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net
 (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Restricted Cash 

Beginning
 cash and restricted cash 

Ending
 cash and restricted cash 

Supplemental
 Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash
 paid for income taxes 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Supplemental
 Non-Cash Items 

Receivable
 of options exercised 
 - 

Purchases
 of property and equipment, not yet paid 

Recognition
 of right of use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability 
 - 

Cashless
 exercise of liability classified warrants 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

in cash and cash equivalents and working capital of . The Company s
ability to achieve profitability and positive cash flow depends on its ability to increase revenue, contain its expenses and maintain
compliance with the financial covenants in its outstanding indebtedness agreements. 

In
connection with the Company s senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of 
(the Term Loan ), the Company is obligated to comply with certain financial covenants, which include maintaining
a maximum senior leverage ratio, minimum liquidity, a springing fixed charge coverage ratio, and maximum capital expenditures (See
Note 7). On March 29, 2023, the Company obtained a waiver from the Term Loan administrative agent and lenders of its failures to
satisfy the fixed charge coverage ratio and maximum senior leverage ratio with respect to the minimum cash requirements under the
Term Loan during the quarter ended March 31, 2023. It is probable that the Company will fail to meet these covenants within the next
twelve months. If the Company is unable to obtain a waiver or if the Company is unable to comply with such covenants, the lenders
have the right to accelerate the maturity of the Term Loan. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern. 

In
addition, the Company may need to raise additional debt and/or equity financings to fund its operations and strategic plans and meet
its financial covenants. The Company has historically been able to raise additional capital through issuance of equity and/or debt
financings and the Company intends to use its equity facility and raise additional capital as needed. However, the Company cannot
guarantee that it will be able to raise additional equity,
contain expenses, or increase revenue, and comply with the financial covenants under the Term Loan. 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company also maintained a restricted cash balance to satisfy its note payable
requirements as of December 31, 2021 (Refer to Note 7). There were restricted cash balances as of December 31, 2022. 

From
time to time the Company has amounts on deposit with financial institutions that exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not
experienced any significant losses in such accounts, nor does management believe it is exposed to any significant credit risk. 

of the invoice date and the contracts do not have significant financing components. Trade
accounts receivables are recorded gross and are net of any applicable allowance. The Company has an allowance for doubtful accounts as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 of and , respectively. 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

and , respectively. The various classes of property and equipment
and estimated useful lives are as follows: 

to years 

Vehicles 
 
 years 

Machinery
 and equipment 
 
 to years 

Leasehold
 improvements 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

Revenue
is recognized when control of the promised goods is transferred to the customer or reseller, in an amount that reflects the consideration
the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods and services. Revenue associated with products holding rights of return
are recognized when the Company concludes there is not a risk of significant revenue reversal in the future periods for the expected
consideration in the transaction. There are no material instances including discounts and refunds where variable consideration is constrained
and not recorded at the initial time of sale. Generally, our revenue is recognized at a point in time for standard promised goods at
the time of shipment when title and risk of loss pass to the customer. 

The
Company may receive payments at the onset of the contract before delivery of goods for customers in the retail channel. Payment terms
for distributors and OEMs are due within - after shipment. In such instances, the Company records a customer deposit liability.
The Company recognizes these contract liabilities as sales after the revenue criteria are met. The company had of contract liabilities
as of January 1, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the contract liability related to the Company s customer deposits approximated
 and , respectively. The entire contract liability balance as of December 31, 2021 was recognized as revenue during the year
ended December 31, 2022. The entire contract liability balance as of January 1, 2021 was recognized as revenue during the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Distributor 

Original
 equipment manufacture 

Total 

Total sales 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

to 
years on its products. The Company estimates the costs associated with the warranty obligation using historical data of warranty
claims and costs incurred to satisfy those claims and records a liability in the amount of such estimate at the time a product is sold. Factors that affect our warranty liability include the number of units sold, historical and anticipated rates of
warranty claims, and cost per claim. We periodically assess the adequacy of our recorded warranty liability and adjust the accrual
as claims data and historical experience warrants. The Company has assessed the costs of fulfilling its existing assurance type
warranties and has determined that the estimated outstanding warranty obligation on December 31, 2022 and 2021 to be 
and ,
respectively. 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

customers comprised approximately , and , respectively, of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. Receivables
from customers comprised approximately and , respectively, of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2021. There are no other
significant accounts receivable concentrations. 

Revenue
from customer accounted for approximately of the Company s sales for year ended December 31, 2022. There were no significant
revenue concentrations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Payables
to vendor comprised approximately of accounts payables as of December 31, 2022. There were no significant payable concentrations
as of December 31, 2021. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, vendor accounted for approximately of the Company s total purchases, respectively. For
the year ended December 31, 2021, vendors accounted for approximately , and of the Company s total purchases,
respectively. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

and 0 as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of uncertain tax positions. 

The
Company s accounting policy is to include penalties and interest related to income taxes if any, in selling, general and administrative
expenses. We regularly assess the need to record a valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets if, based upon the available evidence,
it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

operating segment. 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

par value per share, issued to Legacy Dragonfly s
stockholders in connection with the merger. As such, the shares and corresponding capital amounts and earnings per share related to Legacy
Dragonfly s outstanding convertible preferred stock and Legacy Dragonfly s common stock prior to the merger have been retroactively
restated as shares reflecting the exchange ratio of established in the merger. Legacy Dragonfly s convertible preferred stock
previously classified as temporary equity was retroactively adjusted, converted into common stock and reclassified to permanent equity
as a result of the reverse recapitalization. 

Immediately
before the closing of the merger, and prior to the PIPE Financing , and the funds remaining after such redemptions, totaling approximately
 , became available to finance
transaction expenses and the future operations of New Dragonfly. In connection with the merger, CNTQ entered into agreements with new
investors and existing Legacy Dragonfly investors to subscribe and purchase an aggregate of approximately 
 shares of CNTQ Class A common stock (the PIPE Financing ). 

The
PIPE Financing was consummated on September 26, 2022 and resulted in gross proceeds of an additional approximately ,
prior to payment of the transaction costs. As part of the PIPE Financing, the Company entered an initial Term Loan for an aggregate
principal amount of .
The Company incurred debt issuance costs of of
original issuance discount and additional of
transaction costs that were allocated to the Term Loan, resulting in net cash proceeds of .
In addition, of
Term Loan warrants based on their combined relative fair values was recorded as a debt discount resulting in initial carrying amount
of debt of .
Pursuant to the terms of the loan agreement, the Term Loan was advanced in one tranche on the closing date and the funds were used
to refinance on the closing date prior indebtedness of (including
payment of make-whole interest related to early extinguishment of debt), (ii) to support the Transaction under the Merger Agreement,
(iii) for working capital purposes and other corporate purposes, and (iv) to pay any fees associated with transactions contemplated
under the Term Loan Agreement and the other loan documents entered into in connection therewith, including the transactions
described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) and fees and expenses related to the merger. The direct and incremental transaction
costs of approximately 
were allocated to all instruments assumed and issued in the merger on a relative fair value basis. As such, the Company allocated
 to
the Term Loan, to
equity instruments, which was expensed in general and administrative expenses as the offering costs exceeded the
proceeds received, and 
to the warrant liabilities assumed and warrant liabilities issued with the term debt, which was expensed within the general and
administrative expenses within the statement of operations. 

Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the merger, the Company assumed
 of CNTQ accrued and unpaid
transaction expenses, of which all were paid upon consummation of the merger. As detailed below, of these costs were expensed as the amount exceeded
the proceeds received and such costs were determined not be a return to investors. 

Upon
the closing of the merger, the Company s certificate of incorporation was amended and restated to, among other things, increase
the total number of authorized shares of all classes of capital stock to common shares, of which were designated
as common stock and were designated as preferred stock, both having a par value of per share. 

Upon
the closing of the merger, holders of Legacy Dragonfly common stock and preferred stock received shares of common stock in an amount
determined by application of the Exchange Ratio. For periods prior to the merger, the reported share and per share amounts have been
retroactively converted by applying the Exchange Ratio. The consolidated assets, liabilities, and results of operations prior to the
merger are those of Legacy Dragonfly. 

Cash:
 CNTQ 

Gross
 Proceeds 

Net
 liabilities assumed in merger transaction 

Warrant
liability assumed in merger 

CNTQ
 note payable settlement at close 

CNTQ
 transaction costs paid at close 

Net deficit assumed in recapitalization 

() 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

Number
 of Shares 
 
 Common
 stock, outstanding prior to merger 

Less:
 Redemption of CNTQ shares 

CNTQ Public Shares 

CNTQ
 Sponsor Shares 

Merger
 and PIPE financing shares 

Legacy
 Dragonfly shares (1)(2) 

Total
 shares of common stock immediately after the merger 

(1) 

(2) - 

Warrants 

As
part of the reverse capitalization transaction, the Company issued public warrants, private placement warrants and Term Loan warrants.
Refer to Note 12 for a further description of the warrants. 

Earnout 

The
former holders of shares of Legacy Dragonfly common stock (including shares received as a result of the conversion of Legacy Dragonfly
Preferred Stock into New Dragonfly Common Stock) are entitled to receive their pro rata share of up to additional shares of
common stock (the Earnout Shares ). The Earnout Shares are issuable in three tranches. The first tranche of 
shares is issuable if New Dragonfly s 2023 total audited revenue is equal to or greater than and New Dragonfly s
2023 audited operating income is equal to or greater than . The second tranche of shares is issuable upon achieving
a volume-weighted average trading price threshold of at least on or prior to December 31, 2026 and the third tranche of 
is issuable upon achieving a volume-weighted average trading price threshold of at least on or prior to December 31, 2028. To
the extent not previously earned, the second tranche is issuable if the price target is achieved by December 31, 2028. 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

The
Company accounts for the Earnout Shares as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the
Earnout Shares specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC
480 and ASC 815, as defined below. The Company has determined that the Earnout Shares are indexed to the Company s
common stock and are therefore not precluded from equity classification. Such accounting determination will be assessed at each financial
statement reporting date to determine whether equity classification remains appropriate. If the Earnout Shares are later determined to
be liability-classified instruments, the Company would recognize subsequent changes in the fair value of such Earnout Shares within earnings
at each reporting period during the earnout period. The value of the Earnout Shares was prepared utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation model.
The significant assumptions utilized in determining the fair value of Earnout Shares include the following: (1) a price for our common
stock of approximately ;
(2) a risk-free rate of ;
(3) projected revenue and EBITDA of 
 and ,
 respectively; (4) expected volatility of future
annual revenue and future annual EBITDA of 
and 
respectively; (5) discount rate of ;
and (6) expected probability of change in control of . 

The
accounting treatment of the Earnout Shares have been recognized at fair value upon the closing of the merger and classified in stockholders 
equity. Because the merger is accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, the recognition of the Earnout Shares has been treated as a deemed
dividend and has been recorded within additional-paid-in-capital and has no net impact on additional paid-in capital. 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

The
following table presents assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets on a recurring basis
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

- 
 - 

Warrant
 liability-Private Placement Warrants 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 liabilities 

- 

There were no assets or liabilities that were measured
at fair value as of December 31, 2021. 

The carrying amounts of accounts receivable and accounts
payable are considered level 1 and approximate fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 because of the relatively short maturity of
these instruments. 

The carrying value of the term loan and fixed
rate senior notes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are considered level 2 and approximates their fair value as the interest rate does not differ significantly from the current market rates available to the
Company for similar debt. 

Finished
 goods 

Total
 inventory 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

Operating Leases 

The
Company has leases related to the main office, warehouse space, research and development lab, and engineering office, all located in Reno, Nevada. The leases require annual escalating monthly payments ranging from 
to .
In December of 2021, the Company entered into another lease for additional warehouse space located in Reno, Nevada that requires
annual escalating monthly payments ranging from 
to .
On February 2, 2022, the Company entered into a -month
lease agreement in Reno, Nevada. The lease calls for monthly base rent of ,
 of
fixed operating expense costs, and estimated monthly property taxes of .
The monthly base rent and fixed operating expense costs are subject to escalation of 
and ,
respectively, on an annual basis. The first payment is due upon substantial completion of construction of the building which is
expected to be within 
years from the effective date. As of December 31, 2022, the lease has not commenced as the Company does not have control over the
asset. 

Short-term
 operating lease liabilities 

Long-term
 operating lease liabilities 

Total
 operating lease liabilities 

Weighted average
 remaining lease term 
 
 years 
 
 years 
 
 Weighted average
 discount rate 

Assumptions
used in determining our incremental borrowing rate include our implied credit rating and an estimate of secured borrowing rates based
on comparable market data. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total
 lease payments 

Less
 imputed interest 

Total
 operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease cost 
 Research and development 

Operating lease cost 
 General and administration 

Operating lease cost 
 Selling and marketing 

Total lease cost 

All
lease costs included in the schedule above are fixed. 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

Other
Contingencies 

See
Note 10 for further discussion regarding contingent consideration arising from the April 2022 Asset Purchase agreement with Thomason
Jones Company, LLC. 

See
Note 3 for further discussion regarding the earnout related to the reverse capitalization transaction. 

in fixed rate senior notes (the Series 2021-6 Notes pursuant to a Trust Indenture held by UMB Bank, as trustee and disbursing agent, and NewLight Capital, LLC as servicer (the Servicer ).
The trust and debt documents also required the entry into a Lender Collateral Residual Value Insurance Policy (the Insurance
Policy ), with UMB Bank as named insured for , and engagement of a placement agent, Tribe Capital Markets, LLC. 

Upon
closing date of the financing the Company received a wire for ,
which is comprised of the gross proceeds of 
 less 
 in deposits to certain reserve accounts (see
subsection labeled Reserve Accounts below), and 
 in expenses withdrawn from the gross proceeds,
which included 
 in prepaid policy premiums and related costs
underlying the Insurance Policy (see subsection labelled Collateral below), a prepaid loan monitoring fee of 
 and 
 in debt issuance costs. 

The
obligation for the Series 2021-6 Notes underlying the Trust Indenture is 
in principal on the date of the closing of the financing. The debt bears interest at 
per annum accruing monthly on a 360 day basis. Late payments will be subject to a 
late fee and default interest based on a rate 
percentage points above the applicable interest immediately prior to such default. The Company was making interest only payments on
the unpaid principal amount in arrears, commencing December 1, 2021 and ending on November 1, 2022 (for interest accruing from the
Financing Closing Date through October 31, 2022). Beginning on December 1, 2022, the Company was obligated to repay the debt in equal installments of principal in the amount of ,
plus accrued interest on the unpaid principal amount. Any remaining obligations were due and payable on (the Maturity Date ). 

The
obligations under the Trust Indenture will be deemed to be repaid or prepaid to the same extent, in the same amounts and at the same
times, as the Series 2021-6 Notes are redeemed with funds provided except for payments made from the proceeds of the Insurance Policy
(see subsection labelled Collateral below) as such funds must be reimbursed by the Company to the insurer. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, a total of 
 of interest expense was incurred under the debt.
Amortization of the debt issuance costs amounted to 
 during the year ended December 31, 2022. In connection
with the merger on October 7, 2022, the Company entered into a Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement (see subsection labeled Term
Loan Agreement below) and the outstanding principal balance for the Series 2021-6 Notes underlying the Trust Indenture was paid in
full. A loss on extinguishment of 
 was recognized upon settlement. The net balance of on the date of the merger consisted of in principal less in unamortized debt discount related
to the debt issuance costs and Insurance Policy. 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

Reserve
Accounts 

Capitalized
 Interest Fund 

Total 

The
Payment Reserve Fund is a debt service fund to be maintained by UMB Bank, and the initial deposit is equal to the maximum amount of monthly
interest and principal debt service payment due on the Series 2021-6 notes, plus interest earned on special redemptions (see redemptions
related to certain defaults on the debt). These funds may be utilized by UMB Bank to fund certain shortfalls and a special redemption,
but otherwise such funds are released pro rata to the Company based on principal payments made by the Company on the Series 2021-6 Notes.
Since this was a deposit account maintained by the trustee and restricted for release upon the occurrence of future events, this deposit
was treated as restricted cash. 

The
Capitalized Interest Fund was created to hold the interest that accrued from the closing date until the first payment due on December
15, 2021. The initial deposit, therefore, was treated as prepaid interest. These funds were utilized to pay the interest incurred through
that first payment date, therefore the balance as of December 31, 2021 was . 

Both
above funds, to the extent that they are deposited into interest bearing accounts, earn interest that UMB Bank will transfer into
an Interest Earnings Fund, which funds will be held in escrow until the earlier of maturity or when the debt obligations are paid in
full (assuming no events of default). There were no funds deposited into interest bearing accounts at December 31, 2022 or December 31,
2021. 

In
connection with the merger, the Company settled the Trust Indenture and the balance in the Payment Reserve Fund was offset against the
proceeds. 

Collateral 

As
collateral for payment of the debt and certain obligations related to performance under the Trust Indenture and related transaction documents,
the Company and the guarantors granted to NewLight Capital, LLC, as representative and for the benefit of UMB Bank a continuing security
interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company, including certain intellectual property assets. 

Under
the terms of the Trust Indenture, the Insurance Policy is required as additional collateral guaranteeing the payments under the debt
by the Company. The Company determined this was not a direct incremental cost of the financing but rather a cost for maintaining the
collateral, recognized under the guidance at ASC 860-30, Transfers and Servicing, Secured Borrowing and Collateral. The premium costs
were recognized as a prepaid expense and were being amortized straight line over the term of the policy (three years, unless reduced
due to default provisions). The secured party (i.e., UMB Bank, as trustee) would not have the right to sell or repledge either the intellectual
property or the insurance collateral unless and until the Company defaulted and a claim was made. Upon settlement of the debt underlying
the Trust Indenture, the collateral requirements for the Insurance Policy were eliminated. 

Loan
Monitoring Fees 

The
Company was to incur ongoing monitoring service by NewLight Capital, LLC for at 
total expense. These services entail monitory of financial records and information related to collateral enforcement on an ongoing
basis. The 
prepayment funded on the date of closing was recognized as a prepaid expense and was being amortized on a straight line basis over
the first of the agreement as the amount was paid in full in connection with the merger. The Company incurred 
and of
monitoring fee expenses during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

In
connection with the merger, prepayment on that date of was expensed and included in debt extinguishment. 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

Financial
Covenants Trust Indenture 

The Company was obligated to comply with certain covenants which included
a minimum adjusted EBITDA, capital expenditure requirement and minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. The Company was in compliance with
all financial covenants as of December 31, 2021 and through October 7, 2022, the date of the settlement of the obligations underlying
the Trust Indenture. 

Term
Loan Agreement 

On
October 7, 2022, in connection with the merger, CNTQ, Legacy Dragonfly and CCM Investments 5 LLC CCM 5 , and in
connection with the Term Loan, the Chardan Lender ), and EICF Agent LLC EIP and, collectively
with the Chardan Lender, the Initial Term Loan Lenders entered into the Term Loan, Guarantee and Security
Agreement (the Term Loan Agreement setting forth the terms of a senior secured term loan facility in an
aggregate principal amount of ,
or the Term Loan. The Chardan Lender backstopped its commitment under the Debt Commitment Letter by entering into a
backstop commitment letter, dated as of May 20, 2022 (the Backstop Commitment Letter ), with a certain
third-party financing source (the Backstop Lender and collectively with EIP, the Term Loan
Lenders ), pursuant to which the Backstop Lender committed to purchase from the Chardan Lender the aggregate amount of the
Term Loan held by the Chardan Lender (the Backstopped Loans immediately following the issuance of the Term
Loan on the Closing Date. Pursuant to an assignment agreement, the Backstopped Loans were assigned by CCM 5 to the Backstop Lender
on the Closing Date. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Term Loan Agreement, the Term Loan was advanced in one tranche on the Closing Date. The proceeds of the Term Loan
were used (i) to refinance on the Closing Date prior indebtedness (including the obligations underlying the Trust Indenture), (ii) to
support the Transaction under the Merger Agreement, (iii) for working capital purposes and other corporate purposes, and (iv) to pay
any fees associated with transactions contemplated under the Term Loan Agreement and the other loan documents entered into in connection
therewith, including the transactions described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) and fees and expenses related to the business combination.
The Term Loan amortizes in the amount of per annum (or on the first day of each calendar quarter) beginning after
the Closing Date and matures on the fourth anniversary of the Closing Date Maturity Date ). The Term Loan accrues
interest (i) until April 1, 2023, at a per annum rate equal to the adjusted Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a margin equal to , of which will be payable in cash and will be paid in-kind, (ii) thereafter until October 1, 2024,
at a per annum rate equal to adjusted SOFR plus payable in cash plus an amount ranging from to , depending on the senior
leverage ratio of the consolidated company, which will be paid-in-kind and (iii) at all times thereafter, at a per annum rate equal to
adjusted SOFR plus a margin ranging from to payable in cash, depending on the senior leverage ratio of the consolidated company.
In each of the foregoing cases, adjusted SOFR will be no less than . 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

In
addition to optional prepayments by the Company upon written notice, the Term Loan Agreement provides for mandatory prepayments upon
receipt of proceeds from certain transactions or casualty events. Beginning on the date the financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2023 are required to be delivered to the Term Loan Lenders, the Company will be required to prepay the Term Loan based on excess
cash flow, as defined in the agreement. 

In connection with the entry into the Term Loan Agreement, and as a required term and condition thereof, the Company
issued (i) the penny warrants to the Term Loan Lenders exercisable to purchase an aggregate of and (ii) the 10 warrants to
issue warrants to the Term Loan Lenders exercisable to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at per share. Refer
to Note 12 for further information. 

Unless
the obligations under the Term Loan are accelerated under the terms of the agreement, the maturity date will be October 7, 2026. 

The
Term Loan Lenders have been granted a first priority lien, and security interest in, the mortgaged properties underlying the Company s
mortgages. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, a total of of interest expense was incurred under the debt. Amortization of the debt issuance
costs amounted to during the year ended December 31, 2022. The carrying balance of on December 31, 2022 consisted of 
in principal, plus PIK interest, less in unamortized debt discount related to the debt issuance costs. 

Financial
Covenants Term Loan 

Maximum
Senior Leverage Ratio 

, as of
the last day of any fiscal quarter ending during any period set forth below, to exceed the ratio set forth opposite such period in the
table below: 

June 30, 2023 
 September 30, 2023 

December 31, 2023
 March 31, 2024 

June 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2024 

December 31, 2024
 March 31, 2025 

June 30, 2025 and
 thereafter 

Liquidity 

Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio 

Capital
Expenditures 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

Long-Term
Debt Maturities 

2025 

2026 

Total 

Less:
 Estimated interest paid-in-kind 

Total
 debt 

Less:
 Unamortized debt issuance costs, non-current 

Total
 carrying amount 

Less:
 current portion of debt 

Total
 long-term debt 
 - 

On March 29, 2023, the Company obtained a
waiver from the Administrative Agent and the Term Loan Lenders of its failures to satisfy the fixed charge coverage ratio and
maximum senior leverage ratio with respect to the minimum cash requirements under the Term Loan during the quarter ended March 31,
2023. The Company concluded it is probable it will not comply with future financial covenants. As a result, the Company classified
the entire Term Loan balance in current liabilities on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

.
The borrowing amount is limited and based on the lesser of maximum principal amount of and
the sum equal to 
of eligible accounts receivable and 
of eligible inventory. Interest on each advance shall accrue at the prime rate announced by US Bank from time to time, as and when
such rate changes. The revolving credit amount is collateralized by all assets of the Company. The Company drew an initial amount of
 under
the facility, which it subsequently re-paid and the revolving note was terminated as a closing condition of the 2021-6
Notes. 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

Deferred 

Total
 tax expense 

Stock based compensation 

Accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Allowance for bad debt 

Research and development credit 
 
 - 
 
 Fixed assets and intangibles 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Net Operating Loss 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory (Sec. 263A) 

Deferred tax asset 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Right of Use Asset 

Fixed assets and intangibles 
 - 

Deferred tax liability 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

Valuation Allowance 
 
 - 
 
 Net deferred tax asset 
 - 

Permanent differences (transaction costs) 
 
 ) 

- 

- 

Permanent differences (warrants) 

- 

- 

Permanent
 differences (other -other than tax) 
 
 ) 

State
 taxes, net 

Deferred
 true-up 

Research
 and development credits 

Uncertain
 tax positions 
 
 ) 

() 

) 

Other 
 
 ) 

Change
 in valuation allowance 
 
 ) 

- 

- 

Total 

Effective
 tax rate 

The
tax returns of the Company are open for three years form the date of filing. At the report date, the statute of limitations for
federal and state tax returns are open for the Company for 2019, 2020 and 2021. 

Under
the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment
by the Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities. Net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may become subject to an annual
limitation in the event of certain cumulative changes in the ownership interest of significant shareholders over a three-year period
in excess of 50 percent, as defined under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, respectively, as well as similar
state provisions. This could limit the amount of tax attributes that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income or tax
liabilities. The amount of the annual limitation is determined based on the value of the Company immediately prior to the ownership change.
Subsequent ownership changes may further affect the limitation in future years. The Company has not yet evaluated if section 382 was triggered. 

Subject
to the limitations described below, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately
 ,
available to reduce future taxable income which do not expire, but are limited to 
utilization against taxable income. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately
 ,
available to reduce future taxable income, which start to expire in 2037. The Company also had research and development credits of 
as of December 31, 2022 to offset future federal income taxes, which are set to expire in . 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

Management
of the Company evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets and determined
that it is more likely than not that the Company will not recognize the benefits of the deferred tax assets. As a result, a full valuation
allowance was recorded as of December 31, 2022. The valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022 was , primarily due to the
company entering into a 3 year cumulative loss position and no expectation of income for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

As
part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that was enacted in December of 2017, taxpayers are required to capitalize research and development
expenses and amortize them over five years if the expense is incurred in the US and over fifteen years if incurred in a foreign jurisdiction.
The effective date for that provision is for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2022. The new capitalization requirement increased
deferred tax assets related to research and development expenses and decreased taxable loss in the current year, both of which were offset
by a full valuation allowance. 

Additions for current year tax positions 
 - 
 
 Reductions for prior year tax positions 

Balance- December 31, 2021 
 - 
 
 Additions for current year tax positions 

Balance- December 31, 2022 

The
Company s total uncertain tax positions increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of a reserve established
on federal research and development credits generated in the current year. None of the uncertain tax positions that, if realized, would
affect the Company s effective tax rate in future periods due to a valuation allowance provided against the Company s net
deferred tax assets. 

which approximated fair
market value. 

Thomason
Jones Company, LLC 

In
April 2022, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with William Thomason, Richard Jones, and Thomason Jones Company,
LLC Thomason Jones ), whereby the Company acquired inventory and intellectual property assets for 
cash plus contingent payments of 
each to William Thomason and Richard Jones (the Earn Out ). The Company determined the contingent consideration
to be recognized as contingent compensation to Mr. Thomason and Mr. Jones. The entire purchase price of 
was allocated to inventory. 

Contingent Compensation 

If,
within twenty-four months of the Agreement the Company realizes in gross sales of product either (a) sold under the Wakespeed
brand and/or (b) which incorporates any portion of Purchased IP as listed within the agreement, then the Company will pay to Thomason
Jones each the amount of as soon as reasonably practicable. This payment may be made in cash or common stock, in the sole discretion
of the Company. As a result, the Company determined that a liability should be recorded ratably over the 24 month period. The Company
recognized expenses in the fourth quarter related to the contingent payment as no accrual was recorded from the date of the agreement
through September 30, 2022. The Company recognized immediate compensation expense within sales and marketing of on October 1, 2022
for amounts that should have been accrued for during the period April 2022 through September 2022. In October 2022, the Company determined
the sales goals will most likely be achieved within 18 months. As a result, the Company changed its estimate prospectively
and accelerated the accrual as if the sales goals would be achieved within an 18 month period from the date of acquisition. As a result,
the Company recorded a cumulative accrual in the amount of as of December 31, 2022. 

to repay amounts owed by him to his former employer and entered into a related Promissory
Note with a maturity date of March 1, 2026. The loan was forgiven in full in March of 2022 and was recorded within general and administrative
expense. 

On
October 25, 2022, the Company entered into a separation and release of claims agreement with its Chief Operating Officer COO ).
As consideration for the COO s execution of the agreement, the Company agreed to pay the employee a lump sum payment of which
is included in general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations, payments equivalent to divided into 24 monthly
payments commencing on December 1, 2022, and all outstanding equity-based compensation awards to become fully vested and exercisable.
The COO shall have 12 months from the termination date to exercise outstanding options. 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

per share. No fractional
shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company may elect to redeem the Public Warrants subject to certain conditions,
in whole and not in part, at a price of per Public Warrant if (i) 30 days prior written notice of redemption is provided
to the holders, and (ii) the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period
ending on the third business day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. Upon issuance
of a redemption notice by the Company, the warrant holders have a period of 30 days to exercise for cash, or on a cashless basis. On
the Closing Date, there were Public Warrants issued and outstanding. The Public Warrants are not precluded from equity classification,
and are accounted for as such on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. There was no activity of public warrants from the closing date through December 31, 2022. 

The
measurements of the Public Warrants after the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units are classified as Level 1 due to the use
of an observable market quote in an active market under the ticker DFLIW. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants
from the Units, the close price of the Public Warrant price was used as the fair value of the Warrants as of each relevant date. 

Common
Stock Warrants classified as Liability 

Private
Placement Warrants 

The
Private Placement Warrants may not be redeemed by the Company so long as the Private Placement Warrants are held by the initial purchasers,
or such purchasers permitted transferees. The Private Warrants: (i) will be exercisable either for cash or on a cashless basis
at the holders option and (ii) will not be redeemable by the Company, in either case as long as the Private Warrants are held by the
initial purchasers or any of their permitted transferees (as prescribed in the Subscription Agreement). The Private Warrants may not
be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction
that would result in the effective economic disposition of, the Private Warrants (or any securities underlying the Private Warrants)
for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the effective date of the Registration Statement to anyone other than any member
participating in the Public Offering and the officers or partners thereof, if all securities so transferred remain subject to the lock-up
restriction for the remainder of the time period. On the Closing Date and as of December 31, 2022, there were Private Warrants
issued and outstanding. 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

The
Company accounts for the Private Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the guidance
contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the private warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder,
each private warrant must be recorded as a liability. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each
such re-measurement, the warrant liabilities will be adjusted to its current fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in
the Company s statement of operations. The Company will reassess the classification at each balance sheet date. 

The
private placement warrants are classified as Level 2 as the transfer of Private Placement Warrants to anyone who is not a permitted transferee
would result in the Private Placement Warrants having substantially similar terms as the Public Warrants (with the exception of a different
remaining life). We determined, through use of a Binomial Lattice model, that the fair value of each Private Placement Warrant less a
discount for the difference in remaining life is equivalent to that of each Public Warrant. 

Term
Loan Warrants 

In
connection with the entry into the Term Loan Agreement, and as a required term and condition thereof, the Company issued (i) the penny
warrants to the Term Loan Lenders exercisable to purchase an aggregate of 
 shares (the Penny Warrants and (ii) the 10 warrants to issue warrants to the Term Loan Lenders exercisable to purchase an aggregate of 
 shares of common stock at 
 per share (the 10 Warrants and,
together with the Penny Warrants, the Term Loan Warrants ). The 10 Warrants were exercised on a cashless basis on October
10, 2022, with the Company agreeing to issue 
 shares of common stock in connection with such
exercise. The Company concluded the warrants are not considered indexed to the Company s stock and to be accounted for as liabilities under
ASC 815. As such, the estimated fair value is recognized as a liability each reporting period, with changes in the fair value recognized
within income each period. 

Exercise price 

Dividend
 yield 

Term 

Volatility 

Risk-free
 rate 

Fair value 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

The
following table provides the significant inputs to the Black-Scholes method for the fair value of the 10 Warrants: 

Initial
 Measurement 
 
 Common
 stock price 

Exercise price 

Dividend
 yield 

Term 

Volatility 

Risk-free
 rate 

Fair value 

Exercised subsequent to the merger 
 - 
 
 Warrants Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

There
were no warrants issued, exercised and outstanding prior to January 1, 2022. 

Public
Warrants: 

Common Stock Warrants 
 
 Warrants Outstanding, January 1, 2022 
 - 
 
 Assumed in the merger 

Exercised subsequent to the merger 
 - 
 
 Warrants Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

There
were no warrants issued, exercised and outstanding prior to January 1, 2022. 

Term Loan Warrants: 

Common
 Stock Warrants 
 
 Warrants Outstanding,
 January 1, 2022 
 - 
 
 Issued in conjunction with merger 

Exercised
 subsequent to the merger 

Warrants
 Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

The
following table presents a roll-forward of the aggregate fair values of the Company s warrant liabilities for which fair value
is determined by Level 3 Inputs. The only class of warrants that were determined to be Level 3 are the term loan warrants. 

Warrant
 Liability 
 
 Balances,
 January 1, 2022 
 - 
 
 Issuance of warrants 

Exercise
 of warrants 

Change
 in fair value of warrants 

Balances,
 December 31, 2022 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

shares of common stock with par value. Common stockholders are entitled to dividends
if and when declared by the Board of Directors subject to the rights of the preferred stockholders. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were and shares issued and outstanding retroactively adjusted and no dividends on common stock had been declared
by the Company. 

On
June 12, 2022, Dragonfly entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with THOR Industries, whereby THOR purchased shares of Dragonfly common
stock for 
 in cash. The Stock Purchase agreement was issued
in connection with a binding agreement among the parties whereby the parties would use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into
a mutually agreed distribution and joint development agreement. The final terms of the agreement have not yet been determined. 

Common
 stock outstanding 

Warrants
 outstanding 
 
 - 
 
 Earnout
 shares 
 
 - 
 
 Shares
 available for future issuance 1 

Total 

(1) 

ChEF
Equity Facility 

The
Company and CCM LLC entered into a purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement and a Registration Rights Agreement
(the ChEF RRA in connection with the merger. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has the right to sell
to CCM LLC an amount of shares of common stock, up to a maximum aggregate purchase price of , from time to time, pursuant
to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. 

Pursuant
to, on the terms of, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in the Purchase Agreement, including the filing and effectiveness
of a registration statement registering the resale by CCM LLC of the shares of common stock issued to it under the Purchase Agreement,
the Company will have the right from time to time at its option to direct CCM LLC to purchase up to a specified maximum amount of shares
of common stock, up to a maximum aggregate purchase price of , over the term of the equity facility ChEF Equity
Facility ). 

Under
the terms of the Purchase Agreement, CCM LLC will not be obligated to (but may, at its option, choose to) purchase shares of common stock
to the extent the number of shares to be purchased would exceed the lowest of the number of shares of common stock (i) . 

The
net proceeds from any sales under the Purchase Agreement will depend on the frequency with, and prices at, which shares of common stock
are sold to CCM LLC. To the extent the Company sells shares of common stock under the Purchase Agreement, it currently plans to use any
proceeds therefrom for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 

In
addition, pursuant to the ChEF RRA, the Company has agreed to provide CCM LLC with certain registration rights with respect to the shares
of common stock issued subject to the Purchase Agreement. 

The
Purchase Agreement will automatically terminate on the earliest to occur of (i) 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

. The Plan was administered by the Board of Directors, which was authorized to grant, at its discretion, awards to
employees, directors, and consultants. The maximum number of common shares that were reserved for grants of awards under the Plan was 
shares. The Plan provided for the grant of stock options (both incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options), and the
grants and sale of restricted stock units RSUs ). Shares issued under this Plan may be drawn from authorized
and unissued shares, or shares reacquired by the Company. 

In
July of 2021, the Board of Directors approved the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan and, together with
the 2019 Plan, the Prior Plans with a term of . The Plan was administered by the Board of Directors, which was authorized to grant, at its discretion, awards to
employees, directors, and consultants. The maximum number of common shares reserved for grants of awards under the Plan was 
shares which was amended and increased to in May of 2022. The Plan provides for the grant of stock options (both incentive
stock options and nonqualified stock options), and the grants and sale of RSUs. Shares issued under this Plan may be drawn from
authorized and unissued shares, or shares reacquired by the Company. 

In
connection with the merger, shareholders and board members approved the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ).
A total of shares of common stock was initially reserved for issuance under the 2022 Plan, with the potential for additional shares to be issued under the plan. The 2022 Plan replaced the Prior
Plans, which the Company assumed in the merger. Following the Closing, no additional awards will be granted under the Prior Plans, although
all stock awards granted under the Prior Plans that are outstanding immediately prior to the Closing will be assumed by the Company and
continue to be subject to the terms and conditions as set forth in the agreements evidencing such stock awards and the terms of the applicable
Prior Plan. 

If
an incentive award granted under the 2022 Plan expires, terminates, is unexercised or is forfeited, or if any shares are surrendered
to us in connection with an incentive award, the shares subject to such award and the surrendered shares will become available for future
awards under the 2022 Plan. The number of shares subject to the 2022 Plan, and the number of shares and terms of any Incentive Award
may be adjusted in the event of any change in our outstanding common stock by reason of any stock dividend, spin-off, stock split, reverse
stock split, recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation, liquidation, business combination or exchange of shares, or similar
transaction. 

The Company maintains an Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP which is designed to allow eligible
employees and the eligible employees of our participating subsidiaries to purchase shares of our common stock, at semi-annual intervals,
with their accumulated payroll deductions. A total of shares of the Company s common stock will initially be available
for issuance under the ESPP. The share limit will automatically increase on the first trading day in January of each year by an amount
equal to lesser of (1) of the total number of outstanding shares of our common stock on December 31 in the prior year, (2) 
shares, or (3) such number as determined by the Company s board of directors. 

Options
 granted 

Options
 forfeited 

- 
 
 Options
 exercised 

Balances,
 December 31, 2021 

Balances,
 January 1, 2022 

Options
 granted 

- 
 
 Options
 forfeited 

- 
 
 Options
 exercised 

- 
 
 Balances,
 December 31, 2022 

At
 December 31, 2022 

Vested
 and Exercisable 

Vested
 and expected to vest 

(1) as a result of the merger. See Note 3 for further information. 

Share-based
compensation expense for options and RSUs totaling 
and 
was recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. Of the 
of share-based compensation incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, 
is allocated to cost of goods sold, 
to research and development, 
to selling and marketing, and 
to general and administrative expenses. Of the 
of share-based compensation incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021, 
is allocated to cost of goods sold, 
to research and development, 
to selling and marketing, and 
to general and administrative expenses. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 4,924,914
shares of unissued authorized and available for future awards under the plans. 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

The
valuation methodology used to determine the fair value of the options issued during the year was the Black Scholes option pricing model.
The Black Scholes model requires the use of a number of assumptions including volatility of the stock price, the fair value of the underlying
stock, the average risk free interest rate, and the weighted average expected life of the options. The expected term was estimated using
the simplified method due to lack of sufficient history of option exercises. 

Risk-free
 interest rate 

Volatility 

Expected
 life (years) 

Dividend
 yield 

Restricted
Stock Units 

On
October 7, 2022, the Company granted restricted stock units under the 2022 plan which vest one year from the grant date. The
fair value of the restricted stock units on the date of grant was , which is recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service
period based on the value of the underlying shares on the date of grant. 

Vested 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 
 Unvested shares, December 31, 2022 

Vested as of December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

, and reclassified to permanent equity as a result of
the reverse recapitalization. As of December 31, 2022, there was no Legacy Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock authorized, issued
or outstanding. 

The
following describes the rights and preferences of the Legacy Dragonfly Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock prior to the conversion
in the merger: 

Dividends 

The
Company shall not declare, pay or set aside any dividends on shares of any other class or series of capital stock of the Company (other
than dividends on shares of common stock payable in shares of common stock) unless the holders of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding
shall first receive, or simultaneously receive, a dividend on each outstanding share of Series A preferred stock in an amount as set
forth in the amended and restated certificate of incorporation. dividends have been declared to date. 

Voting
Rights 

The
holders of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, together with the holders of common stock, on all matters submitted to stockholders
for a vote. Each preferred stockholder is entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which each
preferred share is convertible at the time of such vote. 

The
holders of record of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, exclusively and as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect director
of the Company (the Series A Director ). The Series A Director shall be given votes on any action requiring the
vote or approval of the Board of Directors. 

The
holders of record of the shares of common stock, exclusively and as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect directors of the
Company, the Common Stock Director A and the Common Stock Director B ). The Common Stock Director
A shall be given votes on any action requiring the vote or approval of the Board of Directors and the Common Stock Director B shall
be given vote on any action requiring the vote or approval of the Board of Directors. Any director elected as provided above may
be removed without caused by, and only by, the affirmative vote of the holders of the shares of the class or series of capital stock
entitled to elect such director or directors, given either at a special meeting of such stockholders duly called for that purpose or
pursuant to a written consent of stockholders. 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

Liquidation,
Dissolution or Winding Up; Certain Mergers, Consolidations and Assets Sales 

In
the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company or deemed liquidation event, as defined,
the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding (the Series A shareholders shall be entitled
to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders prior to payment to common shareholders, an
amount per share equal to the greater of (i) the Series A Original Issue Price, plus any dividends declared but unpaid thereon, or (ii)
such amount per share as would have been payable had all shares of Series A preferred Stock been converted into common stock immediately
prior to such liquidation event. If upon the occurrence of such liquidation event, if the assets of the Company available for distribution
to its stockholders are insufficient to pay the Series A shareholders the full amount to which they shall be entitled, the Series A shareholders
will be entitled to a pro rata distribution of assets in proportion to the respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect
of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to such shares were paid in full. Upon the
occurrence of such liquidation event, and after the payment of all preferential amounts required to be paid to the Series A holders,
the remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of shares of
common stock, pro rata based on the number of shares held by each such holder. 

Redemption

The
preferred shares are subject to mandatory redemption based on the occurrence of certain deemed liquidation events as defined
which include a merger or consolidation or the sale, exchange, lease, transfer, exclusive license, or other disposition by the Company
of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. If the Company does not affect a dissolution of the Company under Nevada Law
within ninety days after a deemed liquidation event, then the Company is required to send written notice to each holder of Series A Preferred
Stock no later than the ninetieth day after the deemed liquidation event advising such holders of their right to require the redemption
of such shares of Preferred Stock. Dissolution of the Company under Nevada Law with ninety days after a deemed liquidation event is not
within the control of the Company. As such the Preferred Stock is precluded from permanent equity classification and has been presented
as mezzanine equity. 

Conversion
Rights 

Each
share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, and without
the payment of additional consideration by the holder thereof, into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock
as is determined by dividing the Series A Original Issue Price by the Series A Conversion Price of . Such initial conversion price
may be converted into common stock, subject to certain adjustments. 

Mandatory
Conversion 

Upon
either (a) the closing of the sale of shares of common stock at a price of at least per share, in a firm-commitment underwritten
public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, resulting in at least 
of gross proceeds to the Company or (b) the date and time, or the occurrence of an event, specified by vote or written consent of the
holders of more than of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, then (i) all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock shall automatically be converted into shares of common stock, at the then effective conversion rate and (ii) such shares may not
be reissued by the Company. 

Weighted average
 number of common shares-basic 

(Loss)
 Earnings per share, basic 

Diluted
 (Loss) earnings per common share: 

Net
 (Loss) Income available to common shareholders 

Weighted average
 number of common shares-basic 

Dilutive
 effect related to stock options 
 - 

Weighted average
 diluted shares outstanding 

(Loss)
 Earnings per share, diluted 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

- 
 
 Restricted stock units 
 
 - 
 
 Options 
 
 - 
 
 Weighted
 average number of common shares-basic 
 
 - 

,
or the Principal Amount. Upon execution of the Note and funding of the original principal sum, a payment of ,
or the Loan Fee, was fully earned as of the date of the note and was due and payable in full in cash on April 4, 2023. The Company
paid the Principal Amount and the Loan Fee on April 1, 2023 and April 4, 2023, respectively. 

On
March 29, 2023, the Company obtained a waiver from the Administrative Agent and the Term Loan Lenders of its failures to satisfy the fixed charge coverage ratio and maximum
senior leverage ratio with respect to the minimum cash requirements under the Term Loan during the quarter ended March 31, 2023. 

On
March 31, 2023, the Company changed its state of incorporation from the State of Delaware to the State of Nevada (the Reincorporation pursuant to a plan of conversion dated March 30, 2023 (the Plan of Conversion ). Pursuant to the Plan of Conversion,
the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company were automatically converted into common stock of the reincorporated
company at the effective time of the Reincorporation. 

Under
the terms of the Purchase Agreement described in Note 13 the Company issued shares pursuant to the Purchase Agreement with CCM
LLC for aggregate net proceeds to the Company of through April 17, 2023. 

F- 32 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit
4.5 

SPECIMEN
WARRANT CERTIFICATE 

NUMBER 
 _____
 WARRANTS 
 
 WA-________ 

(THIS
WARRANT WILL BE VOID IF NOT EXERCISED PRIOR TO 5:00 P.M. 
NEW YORK CITY TIME, FIVE YEARS FROM THE CLOSING DATE OF THE 
COMPANY S INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION) 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

CUSIP
26145B 114 

WARRANT 

THIS
WARRANT CERTIFIES THAT , for value received ________, or registered agents, is the registered holder of a Warrant or Warrants (the
 Warrant ), expiring on a date which is five (5) years from the completion of the Company s initial business
combination, to purchase one fully paid and non-assessable share (the Warrant Shares ), of common stock, par value
 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), of Chardan NexTech Acquisition 2 Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),
for each Warrant evidenced by this Warrant Certificate. This Warrant Certificate is subject to and shall be interpreted under the terms
and conditions of the Warrant Agreement (as defined below). 

The
Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase from the Company, from time to time, in whole or in part, commencing 30 days after the
completion of the Company s initial business combination, such number of Warrant Shares at the price of 11.50 per share (the Warrant
Price ), upon surrender of this Warrant Certificate and payment of the Warrant Price at the office or agency of American Stock
Transfer Trust Company, LLC (the Warrant Agent ), such payment to be made subject to the conditions set forth
herein and in the Warrant Agreement, dated October 19, 2022, between the Company and the Warrant Agent (the Warrant Agreement ).
In no event shall the registered holder(s) of this Warrant be entitled to receive a net-cash settlement in lieu of physical settlement
in Warrant Shares of the Company. The Warrant Agreement provides that, upon the occurrence of certain events, the Warrant Price and the
number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder, set forth on the face hereof, may be adjusted, subject to certain conditions. The term
Warrant Price as used in this Warrant Certificate refers to the price per full Warrant Share at which Warrant Shares may be purchased
at the time the Warrant is exercised. 

This
Warrant will expire on the date first referenced above if it is not exercised prior to such date by the registered holder pursuant to
the terms of the Warrant Agreement or if it is not redeemed by the Company prior to such date. 

No
fraction of a Warrant Share will be issued upon any exercise of a Warrant. If, upon exercise of a Warrant, a holder would be entitled
to receive a fractional interest in a Warrant Share, the Company will, upon exercise, issue or cause to be issued only the largest whole
number of Warrant Shares issuable on such exercise (and such fraction of a Warrant Share will be disregarded). 

Upon
any exercise of the Warrant for less than the total number of full Warrant Shares provided for herein, there shall be issued to the registered
holder(s) hereof or its assignee(s) a new Warrant Certificate covering the number of Warrant Shares for which the Warrant has not been
exercised. 

Warrant
Certificates, when surrendered at the office or agency of the Warrant Agent by the registered holder(s) hereof in person or by attorney
duly authorized in writing, may be exchanged in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, but without
payment of any service charge, for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate
a like number of Warrants. 

Upon
due presentment for registration of transfer of the Warrant Certificate at the office or agency of the Warrant Agent, a new Warrant Certificate
or Warrant Certificates of like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Warrants shall be issued to the transferee(s)
in exchange for this Warrant Certificate, subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, without charge except for any
applicable tax or other governmental charge. 

The
Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the registered holder(s) as the absolute owner(s) of this Warrant Certificate (notwithstanding
any notation of ownership or other writing hereon made by anyone) for the purpose of any exercise hereof, of any distribution to the
registered holder(s), and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the
contrary. 

This
Warrant does not entitle the registered holder(s) to any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company. 

After
the Warrant becomes exercisable and prior to its expiration date, the Company reserves the right to call the Warrant at any time, with
a notice of call in writing to the holder(s) of record of the Warrant, giving thirty (30) days written notice of such call if
the last reported sale price of the Common Stock has been equal to or greater than 16.00 per share for any ten (10) trading days within
a thirty (30) trading day period ending on the third (3rd) trading day prior to the date on which notice of such call is given, provided
that (i) a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act with respect to the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise must be effective and a current prospectus must be available for use by the registered holders hereof
or (ii) the Warrants may be exercised on cashless basis as set forth in the Warrant Agreement and such cashless exercise is exempt from
registration under the Act. The call price is 0.01 per Warrant Share. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Warrant. 

If,
in connection with an initial business Combination, the Company (a) issues additional shares of Common Stock or equity-linked
securities for capital raising purposes at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share (as adjusted for
stock splits, stock dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) (with such issue
price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the
sponsor (as defined in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, No. 333-254010, as amended (the Registration
Statement ), initial stockholders (as defined in the Registration Statement) or their affiliates, without taking into account
any founder shares (as defined in the Registration Statement) held by them prior to such issuance)) (the Newly Issued
Price (b) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and
interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial business combination on the date of the consummation of such initial
business combination (net of redemptions), and (c) the Market Price (as defined below) is below 9.20 per share, the Warrant Price
shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of (i) the Market Price and (ii) the Newly Issued Price,
and the Redemption Trigger Price (as defined in Section 6.1 of the Warrant Agreement) shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be
equal to 160 of the higher of (i) the Market Price and the Newly Issued Price. The Market Price shall mean the volume
weighted average reported last sale price of the shares of Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to
the date of the completion of the initial business combination. 

If
the foregoing conditions are satisfied and the Company calls the Warrant for redemption, each holder will then be entitled to exercise
his, her or its Warrant prior to the date scheduled for redemption; provided that the Company may require the Registered Holder who desires
to exercise the Warrant, to elect cashless exercise as set forth in the Warrant Agreement, and such Registered Holder must exercise the
Warrants on a cashless basis if the Company so requires. Any Warrant either not exercised or tendered back to the Company by the end
of the date specified in the notice of call shall be canceled on the books of the Company and have no further value except for the 0.01
call price. 

COUNTERSIGNED: 

AMERICAN
 STOCK TRANSFER TRUST COMPANY, LLC, 

WARRANT
 AGENT 

BY: ________________________________ 

AUTHORIZED
 OFFICER 

DATED:____________________________________ 

(Signature) 

CHIEF
 EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

(Seal) 

(Signature) 

SECRETARY 

[REVERSE
OF CERTIFICATE] 

SUBSCRIPTION
FORM 

To
Be Executed by the Registered Holder(s) in Order to Exercise Warrants 

The
undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the right, represented by this Warrant Certificate, to receive shares of Common Stock
in accordance with the terms of this Warrant Certificate and pursuant to the method selected below. Capitalized terms used herein and
not otherwise defined have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant Certificate. PLEASE CHECK ONE METHOD OF PAYMENT: 

a
 Cash Exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; and/or 

a
 Cashless Exercise with respect to Warrant Shares because on the date of this
 exercise, there is no effective registration statement registering the Warrant Shares, or
 the prospectus contained therein is not available for the resale of the Warrant Shares, in
 which event the Company shall deliver to the registered holder(s) shares of Common Stock
 pursuant to Section 3.3.2 of the Warrant Agreement. 

The
undersigned requests that a certificate for such shares be registered in the name(s) of: 

(PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT NAME(S) AND ADDRESS) 

(SOCIAL
SECURITY OR TAX IDENTIFICATION NUMBER(S)) 

and
 be delivered to: 

(PLEASE
 PRINT OR TYPE NAME(S) AND ADDRESS) 

and,
if such number of Warrants shall not be all the Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate, that a new Warrant Certificate for the
balance of such Warrants be registered in the name of, and delivered to, the registered holder(s) at the address(es) stated below: 

Dated: 

(SIGNATURE(S)) 

(ADDRESS(ES)) 

(TAX
IDENTIFICATION NUMBER(S)) 

ASSIGNMENT 

To
Be Executed by the Registered Holder in Order to Assign Warrants 

For
Value Received, hereby sell(s), assign(s), and transfer(s) unto 

(PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT NAME(S) AND ADDRESS) 

(SOCIAL
SECURITY OR TAX IDENTIFICATION NUMBER(S)) 

and
 be delivered to: 

(PLEASE
 PRINT OR TYPE NAME(S) AND ADDRESS) 

of
the Warrants represented by this Warrant Certificate, and hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint Attorney to transfer this Warrant
Certificate on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated: 

(SIGNATURE(S)) 

NOTICE:
THE SIGNATURE(S) TO THIS ASSIGNMENT MUST CORRESPOND WITH THE NAME AS WRITTEN UPON THE FACE OF THE CERTIFICATE IN EVERY PARTICULAR, WITHOUT
ALTERATION OR ENLARGEMENT OR ANY CHANGE WHATEVER. 

Signature(s)
Guaranteed: 

By: 

THE
SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS
WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15). 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-4.7>
 3
 ex4-7.htm

Exhibit
4.7 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

The
following description summarizes the most important terms of our capital stock. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference
to our articles of incorporation Charter and bylaws Bylaws ), which are included as exhibits
to our annual report, of which this Exhibit 4.7 is a part. We encourage you to read our Charter, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions
of the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS ), for additional information. 

Authorized
Capitalization 

We
have 175,000,000 shares of capital stock authorized under our Charter, which consists of 170,000,000 shares of common stock with a par
value of 0.0001 per share and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock with par value 0.0001 per share. 

As
of March 21, 2023 there were 45,794,923 shares of common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

Holders
of our common stock are entitled to such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for such
purposes. Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive proportionately any dividends as may be declared by our board, subject
to any preferential dividend rights of any series of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. The shares of common
stock are neither redeemable nor convertible. Holders of common stock have no preemptive or subscription rights to purchase any of our
securities. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our common stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by the
rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. Each holder of our common
stock is entitled to one vote for each such share outstanding in the holder s name. No holder of common stock is entitled to cumulate
votes in voting for directors. 

In
the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive a pro rata share of
our assets, which are legally available for distribution, after payments of all debts and other liabilities. All of the outstanding shares
of our common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
board of directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock
in one or more series and to fix the designations, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof, without further vote or
action by the stockholders. These rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights,
redemption, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting, or the designation of, such series, any or all of which may
be greater than the rights of common stock. The issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of
common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon our liquidation. In addition, the
issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company or other corporate
action. No shares of preferred stock are outstanding, and we have no present plan to issue any shares of preferred stock. 

Public
Warrants 

The
following summary of certain terms and provisions of our Public Warrants is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety
by the provisions of the respective Warrant Agreement and form of Public Warrant which are filed as exhibits to this annual report of
which this Exhibit 4.7 is a part. We encourage you to review the terms and provisions set forth in the Warrant Agreement and form of
Public Warrant. The Public Warrants are administered by American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as the warrant agent. 

As
of March 21, 2023, there were 9,487,500 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the outstanding Public Warrants. 

Exercisability 

The
Public Warrants will expire on October 7, 2027 at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Public
Warrants are exercisable, at the option of each holder, in whole or in part by delivering to us and the warrant agent a duly executed
exercise notice accompanied by payment in full for the number of common stock purchased upon such exercise. If a registration statement
registering under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act the issuance of the shares of common
stock underlying the Public Warrants is not effective or available, the holder may, in its sole discretion, elect to exercise the Public
Warrants for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to registered holders seeking to exercise
their Public Warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the
state of the exercising registered holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. 

A
holder of a Public Warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have
the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.99 (or such other amount as a holder
may specify) of the shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

Exercise
Price 

Each
whole redeemable Public Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share,
subject to adjustment for stock splits or combinations, stock dividends and distributions, reclassifications, subdivisions, and other
similar transactions. Pursuant to the Amended And Restated Warrant Agreement, a Public Warrant holder may exercise its warrants only
for a whole number of shares of common stock. No fractional shares will be issued in connection with the exercise of a Public Warrant.
In lieu of fractional shares, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of common stock to be issued to
the Public Warrant holder. 

Adjustments;
Fundamental Transaction 

The
exercise price and the number of shares underlying the Public Warrants are subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of stock splits,
stock dividends on our common shares, stock combinations or similar events affecting our common shares. If, at any time while the Public
Warrants are outstanding, (1) we consolidate or merge with or into another corporation whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation,
(2) we sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets, or any of its significant
subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X) or (3) we effect any reclassification or recapitalization of the ordinary shares
or any compulsory exchange pursuant to which the ordinary shares are converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property,
or each, a Fundamental Transaction, then upon any subsequent exercise of the Warrants, the holders thereof will have the
right to receive the same amount and kind of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence
of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number of ordinary
shares then issuable upon exercise of those Warrants, and any additional consideration payable as part of the Fundamental Transaction. 

Redemption 

We
may call the Public Warrants for redemption in accordance with the terms summarized below: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; 

if,
 and only if, the last sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds 16.00 per share for any ten (10) trading days within a 30-trading
 day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption; and 

if,
 and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the offer and sale of the shares of common stock
 underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-trading day period referred to above and continuing each
 day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

We
may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the Public Warrants (i) is not exempt
from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws we will use our best efforts to register or qualify such
shares or (ii) we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. However, there may be instances in which registered holders
of our public warrants may be unable to exercise such public warrants but registered holders of our Private Warrants, described below,
may be able to exercise such Private Warrants. 

Transferability 

Subject
to applicable laws and the limitations provided within the Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement, the Public Warrants may be transferred
at the option of the holders upon surrender of the to the warrant agent, together with the appropriate instruments of transfer. 

Rights
as a Stockholders 

Except
as otherwise provided in the Warrant Agreement or by virtue of such holder s ownership of common stock, holders of the Public Warrants
do not have rights or privileges of holders of common stock, including any voting rights, until a holder exercises such Public Warrant. 

Governing
Law 

The
Public Warrants and Warrant Agreement are governed by New York law. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of the Charter, the Bylaws and Nevada Law 

We
are a Nevada corporation and are generally governed by the NRS. The following is a brief description of the provisions in our Charter,
Bylaws and the NRS that could have an effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of the Company. 

The
provisions of the NRS, our Charter, and Bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers and, as
a consequence, they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the price of our common stock that often result from actual or rumored
hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these
provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 

Combinations
with Interested Stockholders 

The
 combinations with interested stockholders provisions of Sections 78.411 to 78.444, inclusive, prohibit a Nevada corporation
with at least 200 stockholders of record from engaging in various business combinations with any person deemed to be an
 interested stockholder for a period of two years after the date that the person first become an interested stockholder,
unless the business combination or the transaction by which the person first became an interested stockholder is approved by the corporation s
board of directors before the person first became an interested stockholder, or the business combination is approved by the board of
directors and thereafter is approved at a meeting of the corporation s stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least 60 of
the outstanding voting power of the corporation not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder, its affiliates, and associates. 

Following
the expiration of the two-year period, the corporation is prohibited from engaging in a business combinations with the
interested stockholder, unless: (i) the business combination or the transaction by which the person first became an interested stockholder
is approved by the corporation s board of directors before the person first became an interested stockholder; (ii) the business
combination is approved by a majority of the outstanding voting power of the corporation held by disinterested stockholders; or (iii)
the aggregate amount of the consideration to be received in the business combination by all of the holders of outstanding common shares
of the corporation not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder is at least equal to the higher of: (a) the highest price per
share paid by the interested stockholder, at a time when the interested stockholder was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly,
of 5 percent or more of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, for any common shares of the same class or series acquired
by the interested stockholder within two years immediately before the date of announcement with respect to the combination or within
two years immediately before, or in, the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, whichever is higher, plus,
in either case, interest compounded annually from the earliest date on which the highest price per share was paid through the date of
consummation at the rate for one-year obligations of the United States Treasury in effect on that earliest date, less the aggregate amount
of any dividends paid in cash and the market value of any dividends paid other than in cash, per common share since that earliest date,
and (b) the market value per common share on the date of the announcement of the business combination or on the date that the person
first became an interested stockholder, whichever is higher, plus interest compounded annually from that date through the date of consummation
at the rate for one-year obligations of the United States Treasury in effect on that date, less the aggregate amount of any dividends
paid in cash and the market value of any dividends paid other than in cash, per common share since that date. 

In
general, an interested stockholder is any person who is (i) the direct or indirect beneficial owner of 10 or more of the
voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, or (ii) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time
within two years immediately before the date in question was the direct or indirect beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power
of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. 

Companies
are entitled to opt out of the business combination provisions of the NRS. In our Charter, we have not opted out of the business combination
provisions of NRS 78.411 to 78.444, inclusive. 

Acquisition
of Controlling Interests 

Nevada
law also protects the corporation and its stockholders from persons acquiring a controlling interest in a corporation.
The provisions can be found in NRS 78.378 to 78.3793, inclusive. Delaware law does not have similar provisions. 

The
restriction on acquisition of a controlling interest applies to corporations which have 200 or more stockholders of record (at least
100 of whom have had addresses in Nevada at all times during the 90 days immediately preceding the date of the acquisition) and conducts
business in Nevada, unless the Charter or bylaws of the corporation in effect on the tenth day after the acquisition of a controlling
interest provide otherwise. NRS 78.3785 provides that a controlling interest means the ownership of outstanding voting
shares of an issuing corporation sufficient to enable the acquiring person, individually or in association with others, directly or indirectly,
to exercise (i) one fifth or more but less than one third, (ii) one third or more but less than a majority, or (iii) a majority or more
of the voting power of the issuing corporation in the election of directors. Once an acquirer crosses one of these thresholds by acquiring
a controlling interest in the corporation, the shares which the acquirer acquired in the transaction taking it over the threshold and
within the 90 days immediately preceding the date when the acquiring person acquired or offered to acquire a controlling interest in
the corporation become control shares. Pursuant to NRS 78.379, any person who acquires a controlling interest in a corporation
may not exercise voting rights on any control shares unless such voting rights are conferred by a majority vote of the disinterested
stockholders of the issuing corporation at an annual meeting or a special meeting of such stockholders held upon the request and at the
expense of the acquiring person, or, if the acquisition would adversely alter or change any preference or any relative or other right
given to any other class or series of outstanding shares, the holders of a majority of each class or series affected. In the event that
the control shares are accorded full voting rights and the acquiring person acquires control shares with a majority or more of all the
voting power, any stockholder, other than the acquiring person, who does not vote in favor of authorizing voting rights for the control
shares is entitled to demand payment for the fair value of such person s shares, and, provided that the proper procedure is adhered
to, the corporation must comply with the demand. 

NRS
78.378(1) provides that the control share statutes of the NRS do not apply to any acquisition of a controlling interest in an issuing
corporation if the Charter or bylaws of the corporation in effect on the 10th day following the acquisition of a controlling interest
by the acquiring person provide that the provisions of those sections do not apply to the corporation or to an acquisition of a controlling
interest specifically by types of existing or future stockholders, whether or not identified. NRS 78.378(2) provides that the corporation
may impose stricter requirements if it so desires. We have not opted out of the control share statutes, and will be subject to these
statutes if we are an issuing corporation as defined in such statutes. 

The
effect of the Nevada control share statutes is that the acquiring person, and those acting in association with the acquiring person,
will obtain only such voting rights in the control shares as are conferred by a resolution of the stockholders at an annual or special
meeting. The Nevada control share law, if applicable, could have the effect of discouraging takeovers of our Company. 

Charter
and Bylaws 

Our
Charter and Bylaws provide for: 

classifying
 our board of directors into three classes; 

authorizing
 the issuance of blank check preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued
 without stockholder approval; 

limiting
 the removal of directors by the stockholders; 

requiring
 the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of stock entitled to
 vote in the election of directors, voting as a single class, to adopt, amend alter or repeal our Bylaws and amend certain provisions
 of our Chart, including provisions relating to the size of the board, removal of directors, special meetings, and actions by written
 consent; 

prohibiting
 stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 

eliminating
 the ability of stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders; 

establishing
 advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon
 at stockholder meetings; and 

establishing
 Nevada as the exclusive jurisdiction for certain stockholder litigation against us. 

Authorized
Shares 

Section
78.207 of the NRS provides that without any action by our shareholders, we may increase or decrease the number of authorized shares in
a class or series of our shares and correspondingly effect a forward or reverse split of any class or series of the our shares (and change
the par value thereof), so long as the action taken does not adversely change or alter any right or preference of our shareholders and
does not include any provision or provisions pursuant to which only money will be paid or scrip issued to stockholders who hold 10 or
more of the outstanding shares of the affected class and series, and who would otherwise be entitled to receive fractions of shares in
exchange for the cancellation of all of their outstanding shares. Series A common stock and preferred stock have been established, and
our board has authority to establish more than one series of preferred stock, and the different series shall have such relative rights
and preferences, with such designations, as our board may by resolution provide. Issuance of such a new series could, depending upon
the terms of the class or series, delay, defer, or prevent a change of control of our Company. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Section
78.138 of the NRS provides that, unless the corporation s Charter provide otherwise, a director or officer will not be individually
liable unless the presumption that it is acting in good faith and on an informed basis with a view to the interests of the corporation
has been rebutted, and it is proven that (i) the director s or officer s acts or omissions constituted a breach of his or
her fiduciary duties, and (ii) such breach involved intentional misconduct, fraud, or a knowing violation of the law. 

Section
78.7502 of the NRS provides that a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to
any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except an
action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation,
or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement
actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if he:(a) is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138;
or (b) acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation,
and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination
of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, does
not, of itself, create a presumption that the person is liable pursuant to NRS 78.138 or did not act in good faith and in a manner which
he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, or that, with respect to any criminal action
or proceeding, he had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 

Section
78.7502 of the NRS provides that a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to
any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason
of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation
as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses,
including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys fees actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense
or settlement of the action or suit if he: (a) as not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138; or (b) acted in good faith and in a manner which
he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. Indemnification may not be made for any claim,
issue or matter as to which such a person has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom,
to be liable to the corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in
which the action or suit was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances
of the case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper. 

Section
78.751 of the NRS provides that to the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation has been successful on the
merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to above, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein,
the corporation shall indemnify him against expenses, including attorneys fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection
with the defense. 

Unless
otherwise restricted by the Charter, bylaws, or other agreement. Section 78.751 of the NRS permits a Nevada company to indemnify its
officers and directors against expenses incurred by them in defending a civil or criminal action, suit, or proceeding as they are incurred
and in advance of final disposition thereof upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay the amount
if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified by
the corporation. The Charter, bylaws, or other agreement may require a corporation to advance such expenses upon receipt of such an undertaking.
Section 78.751 of the NRS further permits a Nevada company to grant its directors and officers additional rights of indemnification under
its articles of incorporation, bylaws, or other agreement; provided, however, that unless advanced or otherwise ordered by a court, indemnification
may not be made to or on behalf of any director or officer finally adjudged by a court, after exhaustion of appeals, to be liable for
intentional misconduct, fraud, or a knowing violation of law that was material to the cause of action. 

Section
78.752 of the NRS provides that a Nevada company may purchase and maintain insurance or make other financial arrangements on behalf of
any person who is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the company, or is or was serving at the request of the company as
a director, officer, employee, or agent of another company, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, for any liability
asserted against him and liability and expenses incurred by him in his capacity as a director, officer, employee, or agent, or arising
out of his status as such, whether or not the company has the authority to indemnify him against such liability and expenses. 

Our
Charter provides that the Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys 
fees) incurred by an indemnitee in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided,
however, that, to the extent required by applicable law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding
shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of the indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced, without interest,
if it shall ultimately be determined by final adjudication from which there is no further right to appeal that the indemnitee is not
entitled to be indemnified. 

In
addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. These agreements, among
other things, require us to indemnify our directors and executive officers for certain expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments
and fines incurred by a director or executive officer in any action or proceeding arising out of their services as one of our directors
or executive officers or any other company or enterprise to which the person provides services at our request. 

We
maintain a directors and officers insurance policy pursuant to which our directors and officers are insured against liability
for actions taken in their capacities as directors and officers. We believe these provisions in the Charter and the Bylaws and these
indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers, or control persons, in the
opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

Choice
of Forum Provisions 

Our
Charter, in Article XI, includes a mandatory forum provision that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless we consent in writing,
the Second Judicial District Court, in and for the State of Nevada, located in Washoe County, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for
(a) any derivative action or proceeding brought in the name or right of the Company or on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim
for breach of any fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, employees or stockholders to the Company or
our stockholders, (c) any action arising or asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of NRS Chapters 78 or 92A or any provision
of the Charter or Bylaws, (d) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the Charter or Bylaws or (e) any action
asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 

These
provisions would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which
the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in our
securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. Our exclusive forum provision will not relieve us of
our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our shareholders will not be deemed
to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 

Our
Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The
transfer agent for our shares of common stock and warrant agent for all of our warrants is American Stock Transfer Trust Company,
LLC. 

Stock
Exchange Listing 

Our
common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol DFLI and our Public Warrants are currently
listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol DFLIW . 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-10.26>
 4
 ex10-26.htm

Exhibit
10.26 

Separation
and Release of Claims Agreement 

This
Separation and Release of Claims Agreement Agreement is entered into by and between Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp.,
a Delaware corporation and its subsidiaries (the Employer ), on behalf of itself, and its present and former employees,
officers, directors, owners, shareholders, and agents, individually and in their official capacities (collectively referred to as the
 Employer Group ), and Sean Nichols (the Employee ), residing at 1945 Marsh Avenue, Reno, Nevada (the Employer
and the Employee are collectively referred to as the Parties as of October 25, 2022 (the Execution Date ). 

The
Employee s last day of employment with the Employer is November 7, 2022 (the Separation Date ). After the Separation
Date, the Employee will not represent himself as being an employee, officer, attorney, agent, or representative of the Employer Group
for any purpose. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the Separation Date is the employment termination date for the Employee
for all purposes, meaning the Employee is not entitled to any further compensation, monies, or other benefits from the Employer Group,
including coverage under any benefit plans or programs sponsored by the Employer Group, as of the Separation Date, except as mutually
agreed herein. 

The
Employee agrees to not seek future employment with the Employer. 

In
consideration of these premises and mutual agreements herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as
follows: 

1.
Consideration. As consideration for the Employee s execution of, non-revocation of, and compliance with this Agreement, including
the Employee s waiver and release of claims in Section 4 and other post-termination obligations, and the Employee s execution
and non-revocation of the Resignation, attached hereto as Exhibit A, the Employer Group agrees to provide the following benefits to which
the Employee is not otherwise entitled: 

a.
A lump sum payment of One Hundred Thousand Dollars 100,000), less all relevant taxes and other withholdings, which shall be paid on
December 7, 2022. 

b.
Payments equivalent to One Million Dollars 1,000,000.00) divided into twenty-four (24) monthly payments starting on the first of the
month following the Effective Date (defined below). These payments will not deduct taxes or any other withholdings. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no payment shall be made or begin before the Effective Date of this Agreement. 

c.
Notwithstanding the terms of the 2022 Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. Stock Incentive Plan and all successor plans or any applicable
award agreements, all outstanding equity-based compensation awards shall become fully vested and the restrictions thereon shall lapse;
provided that, any delays in the settlement or payment of such awards that are set forth in the applicable award agreement and that are
required under Section 409A Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code shall
remain in effect. Employee will have 12 months from the Termination Date to exercise outstanding options. This section shall be approved
by Employer s Board of Directors on or before the Separation Date. 

d.
If the Employee timely and properly elects COBRA continuation coverage under the Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. Employee Benefits Plan
(Plan), the Employee may be permitted to continue participation in the Plan under COBRA by continuing to pay premiums to the Employer
at the contribution level in effect for active employees until the earliest of: (i) the expiration of eighteen months following the Separation
Date; (ii} the date the Employee becomes covered under another employer s health plan; or (iii) the expiration of the maximum COBRA
continuation coverage period for which the Employee is eligible under federal law. At the end of this period, the Employee shall be eligible
to continue coverage, pursuant to COBRA, and shall be responsible for the entire COBRA premium for the remainder of the applicable COBRA
continuation period. 

e.
Employee agrees to direct all requests for references to Denis Phares. In response to a request for a reference, Denis Phares shall provide
only Employee s dates of employment and job title and, if requested and authorized by the Employee in writing, the Employee s
last salary or rate of pay. 

f.
A positive letter of reference from Denis Phares, Ph.D, Chairman and CEO, in the form attached as Exhibit B. 

The
Employee understands, acknowledges, and agrees that these benefits exceed what the Employee is otherwise entitled to receive on separation
from employment, and that these benefits are being given as consideration in exchange for executing this Agreement, including the general
release contained in it. The Employee further acknowledges that the Employee is not entitled to any additional payment or consideration
not specifically referenced in this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed as an express or implied policy
or practice of the Employer Group to provide these or other benefits to any individuals other than the Employee. 

2.
Resignation from Company. On the Separation Date, Employee shall execute a written Resignation in the form of Exhibit A 
attached hereto resigning as an employee of the Company. 

3.
Cooperation. The parties agree that certain matters in which the Employee has been involved during the Employee s employment may
need the Employee s cooperation with the Employer in the future. Accordingly, for a period of six (6) months after the Separation
Date, to the extent reasonably requested by the Employer, the Employee shall cooperate with the Employer regarding matters arising out
of or related to the Employee s service to the Employer, provided that the Employer shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption
of the Employee s other activities. The Employer shall reimburse the Employee for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with
this cooperation. 

4.
Post-Termination Obligations and Restrictive Covenants. 

a.
Acknowledgment 

The
Employee understands and acknowledges that by virtue of the Employee s employment with the Employer Group, the Employee had access
to and knowledge of Confidential Information, was in a position of trust and confidence with the Employer Group, and benefitted from
the Employer Group s goodwill. The Employee understands and acknowledges that the Employer Group invested significant time and
expense in developing the Confidential Information and goodwill. 

- 2 - 

The
Employee further understands and acknowledges that the restrictive covenants below are necessary to protect the Employer Group s
legitimate business interests in its Confidential Information and goodwill. The Employee further understands and acknowledges that the
Employer Group s ability to reserve these for the exclusive knowledge and use of the Employer Group is of great competitive importance
and commercial value to the Employer Group and that the Employer Group would be irreparably harmed if the Employee violates the restrictive
covenants below. 

b.
Confidential Information 

The
Employee understands and acknowledges that during the course of employment with the Employer, the Employee has had access to and learned
about confidential, secret, and proprietary documents, materials, and other information, in tangible and intangible form, of and relating
to the Employer and its businesses and existing and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and other associated third parties { Confidential
Information ). The Employee further understands and acknowledges that this Confidential Information and the Employer s ability
to reserve it for the exclusive knowledge and use of the Employer is of great competitive importance and commercial value to the Employer,
and that improper use or disclosure of the Confidential Information by the Employee may cause the Employer to incur financial costs,
loss of business advantage, liability under confidentiality agreements with third parties, civil damages, and criminal penalties. 

For
purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, all information not generally known to the public,
in spoken, printed, electronic, or any other form or medium, relating directly or indirectly to: business processes, practices, methods,
policies, plans, publications, documents, research, operations, services, strategies, techniques, agreements, contracts, terms of agreements,
transactions, potential transactions, negotiations, pending negotiations, know-how, trade secrets, computer programs, computer software,
applications, operating systems, software design, web design, work-in-process, databases, device configurations, embedded data, compilations,
metadata, algorithms, technologies, manuals, records, articles, systems, material, sources of material, supplier information, vendor
information, financial information, results, accounting information, accounting records, legal information, marketing information, advertising
information, pricing information, credit information, design information, payroll information, staffing information, personnel information,
employee lists, supplier lists, vendor lists, developments, reports, internal controls, security procedures, graphics, drawings, sketches,
market studies, sales information, revenue, costs, formulae, notes, communications, product plans, designs, styles, models, ideas, audiovisual
programs, inventions, unpublished patent applications, original works of authorship, discoveries, experimental processes, experimental
results, specifications, customer information, customer lists, client information, client lists, manufacturing information, factory lists,
distributor lists, and buyer lists, of the Employer or its businesses or any existing or prospective customer, supplier, investor, or
other associated third party, or of any other person or entity that has entrusted information to the Employer in confidence. 

The
Employee understands that the above list is not exhaustive, and that Confidential Information also includes other information that is
marked or otherwise identified or treated as confidential or proprietary, or that would otherwise appear to a reasonable person to be
confidential or proprietary in the context and circumstances in which the information is known or used. 

- 3 - 

The
Employee understands and agrees that Confidential Information developed by the Employee in the course of the Employee s employment
by the Employer is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement as if the Employer furnished the same Confidential Information
to the Employee in the first instance. Confidential Information shall not include information that is generally available to and known
by the public at the time of disclosure to the Employee, provided that the disclosure is through no direct or indirect fault of the Employee
or person(s) acting on the Employee s behalf. 

c.
Confidentiality of Agreement. The Employee agrees and covenants that the Employee shall not disclose any of the negotiations of, terms
of, or amount paid under this Agreement to any individual or entity; provided, however, that the Employee will not be prohibited from
making disclosures to the Employee s spouse or domestic partner, attorney, tax advisors, or as may be required by law. 

Employee
agrees the fact of Employee s separation from the Company, this Agreement, the Separation Date, the Execution Date, and Effective
Date are strictly confidential until the Announcement Date. The Announcement Date is the date the Company publishes its Q3 Earnings Report,
currently anticipated to be November 7, 2022. 

This
Section does not in any way restrict or impede the Employee from disclosing the underlying facts or circumstances giving rise to the
Employee s claim of sexual harassment or abuse or sex discrimination or exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights
cannot be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction
or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation, or order. The
Employee shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to Chief Legal Officer at Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp.., legal@dragonflyenergy.com
1190 Trademark Drive #108, Reno, Nevada 89521. 

i.
Disclosure and Use Restrictions. 

1.
Employee Covenants. The Employee agrees and covenants: 

a.
to treat all Confidential Information as strictly confidential; 

b.
not to directly or indirectly disclose, publish, communicate, or make available Confidential Information, or allow it to be disclosed,
published, communicated, or made available, in whole or part, to any entity or person whatsoever (including other employees of the Employer)
not having a need to know and authority to know and use the Confidential Information in connection with the business of the Employer
and, in any event, not to anyone outside of the direct employ of the Employer except as required in the performance of any of the Employee s
remaining authorized employment duties to the Employer and only after execution of a confidentiality agreement by the third party with
whom Confidential Information will be shared; and 

- 4 - 

c.
not to access or use any Confidential Information, and not to copy any documents, records, files, media, or other resources containing
any Confidential Information, or remove any such documents, records, files, media, or other resources from the premises or control of
the Employer, except as allowed by applicable law, or as required in the performance of any of the Employee s remaining authorized
employment duties to the Employer. The Employee understands and acknowledges that the Employee s obligations under this Agreement
regarding any particular Confidential Information begin immediately and shall continue during and after the Employee s employment
by the Employer until the Confidential Information has become public knowledge other than as a result of the Employee s breach
of this Agreement or a breach by those acting in concert with the Employee or on the Employee s behalf. 

2.
Permitted Disclosures. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent disclosure of Confidential Information as may be required
by applicable law or regulation, or pursuant to the valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency,
provided that the disclosure does not exceed the extent of disclosure required by such law, regulation, or order. The Employee shall
promptly provide written notice of any such order to an authorized officer of the Employer. Nothing in this Agreement prohibits or restricts
the Employee (or Employee s attorney) from initiating communications directly with, responding to an inquiry from, or providing
testimony before the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), any other self-regulatory
organization, or any other federal or state regulatory authority regarding this Agreement or its underlying facts or circumstances [or
a possible securities law violation. Nothing in this Agreement in any way prohibits or is intended to restrict or impede the Employee
from exercising protected rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA). 

3.
Notice of Immunity Under the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement: 

a.
The Employee will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of a trade
secret that is made: (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney,
and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (2) in a complaint or other document that is
filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. 

b.
If the Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Employer for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Employee may disclose
the Employer s trade secrets to the Employee s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the
Employee: (1) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (2) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant
to court order. 

d.
Non-Competition 

Because
of the Employer s legitimate business interest as described in this Agreement and the good and valuable consideration offered to
the Employee, for the remainder of the Employee s employment with the Employer and for twelve (12) months beginning on the Separation
Date, the Employee agrees and covenants not to engage in any Competitive Activity within a 100-mile radius of 1190 Trademark Drive #108,
Reno, Nevada. 

- 5 - 

For
purposes of this non-compete clause, Competitive Activity means to, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, engage
in, provide services to, or otherwise participate in, whether as an employee, employer, owner, operator, manager, advisor, consultant,
agent, partner, director, stockholder, officer, volunteer, intern, or any other similar capacity, any entity engaged in a business that
is competitive with the business of the Employer, including energy storage technology. Without limiting the foregoing, Competitive Activity
also includes activity that may require or inevitably require the Employee s disclosure of trade secrets, proprietary information,
or Confidential Information. 

Nothing
in this Agreement prohibits the Employee from purchasing or owning less than five percent (5 of the publicly traded securities of any
corporation, provided that the Employee s ownership represents a passive investment and that the Employee is not a controlling
person of, or a member of a group that controls, the corporation. 

The
Company acknowledges the Board of Directors determination to allow Employee to engage in a separate business related to Belly
of the Blade, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, on the basis that it is not a competing business. 

e.
Non-Solicitation of Employees 

The
Employee understands and acknowledges that the Employer has expended and continues to expend significant time and expense in recruiting
and training its employees and that the loss of employees would cause significant and irreparable harm to the Employer. The Employee
agrees and covenants not to directly or indirectly solicit, hire, recruit, attempt to hire or recruit, or induce the termination of employment
of any employee of the Employer for the remainder of the Employee s employment with the Employer and for twelve (12) months beginning
on the Separation Date. 

f.
Non-Solicitation of Customers 

The
Employee understands and acknowledges that the Employer has expended and continues to expend significant time and expense in developing
customer relationships, customer information, and goodwill, and that because of the Employee s experience with and relationship
to the Employer, the Employee has had access to and learned about much or all of the Employer s customer information Customer
Information ). Customer Information includes, but is not limited to, names, phone numbers, addresses, email addresses, order history,
order preferences, chain of command, pricing information, and other information identifying facts and circumstances specific to the customer
and relevant to the Employer s sales. 

The
Employee understands and acknowledges that loss of any of these customer relationships or goodwill will cause significant and irreparable
harm to the Employer. 

The
Employee agrees and covenants for the remainder of the Employee s employment with the Employer and for the twelve months beginning
on the Separation Date, not to directly or indirectly solicit or attempt to solicit, contact (including but not limited to communications
using email, regular mail, express mail, telephone, fax, instant message, social media, or any other oral, written, or electronic transmission),
attempt to contact, or meet with the Employer s current, former, or prospective customers for the purpose of offering or accepting
goods or services similar to or competitive with those offered by the Employer. 

- 6 - 

This
restriction shall only apply to: 

(i)
customers or prospective customers the Employee contacted in any way during the twelve (12) months before the Separation Date; 

(ii)
customers about whom the Employee has trade secret or Confidential Information; or 

(iii)
customers about whom the Employee has information that is not available publicly; or 

(iv)
customers who became customers during the Employee s employment with the Employer 

g.
Non-Disparagement. 

i.
The Employee agrees and covenants that the Employee shall not at any time make, publish, or communicate to any person or entity or in
any public forum any defamatory, maliciously false, or disparaging remarks, comments, or statements concerning the Employer or its businesses,
or any of its employees, officers, or directors and their existing and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and other associated
third parties, now or in the future. This Section does not in any way restrict or impede the Employee from exercising protected rights,
including rights under the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) or the federal securities laws, including the Dodd-Frank Act to the extent
that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of
competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation,
or order. The Employee shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to Chief Legal Officer at Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp..,
legal@dragonflyenergy.com 1190 Trademark Drive #108, Reno, Nevada 89521. 

ii.
The Employer Group agrees and covenants that the Employer Group shall not at any time make, publish, or communicate to any person or
entity or in any public forum any defamatory, maliciously false, or disparaging remarks, comments, or statements concerning the Employee
or his businesses, or any of his employees, and his existing and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and other associated third
parties, now or in the future. 

5.
Return of Property. 

a.
By the Separation Date, the Employee must return all Employer property, including identification cards or badges, access codes or devices,
keys, laptops, computers, telephones, mobile phones, hand-held electronic devices, credit cards, electronically stored documents or files,
physical files, and any other Employer property in the Employee s possession. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that Employee
no longer has access to and does not claim ownership of any of Employer s cloud storage or social media accounts. 

b.
On the Announcement Date, Employer will arrange for the packing and moving of all Employee s personal belongings on Employer premises
and delivery to Employee s address herein. Employer will coordinate this effort with Employee, and Employee will cooperate with
Employer s efforts. 

- 7 - 

6.
Employee Representations. The Employee specifically represents, warrants, and confirms that the Employee: 

a.
has not filed any claims, complaints, or actions of any kind against the Employer with any federal, state, or local court or government
or administrative agency; 

b.
has not made any claims or allegations to the Employer related to sexual harassment, sex discrimination, or sexual abuse, and that none
of the payments set forth in this Agreement are related to sexual harassment, sex discrimination, or sexual abuse; 

c.
except for the final payroll check for any partial pay period in which wages are due prior to the commencement of the severance payments,
has been properly paid for all hours worked for the Employer and; 

d.
has received all salary, wages, commissions, bonuses, and other compensation due to the Employee, with the exception of the Employee s
final payroll check for salary through and including the Separation Date; and 

e.
has not engaged in any unlawful conduct relating to the business of the Employer. 

If
any of these statements is not true, the Employee cannot sign this Agreement and must notify the Employer immediately in writing of the
statements that are not true. This notice will not automatically disqualify the Employee from receiving the benefits offered in this
Agreement, but will require the Employer s further review and consideration. 

7.
Release. 

a.
Employee s General Release and Waiver of Claims 

In
exchange for the consideration provided in this Agreement, the Employee and the Employee s heirs, executors, representatives, administrators,
agents, insurers, and assigns (collectively, the Releasors irrevocably and unconditionally fully and forever waive, release,
and discharge the Employer, including each member of the Employer s parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors, successors,
and assigns, and each of its and their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, trustees, and partners, in their corporate
and individual capacities (collectively, the Released Parties ), from any and all claims, demands, actions, causes of actions,
judgments, rights, fees, damages, debts, obligations, liabilities, and expenses (inclusive of attorneys fees) of any kind whatsoever,
whether known or unknown (collectively, Claims ), that Releasors may have or have ever had against the Released Parties,
or any of them, arising out of, or in any way related to the Employee s hire, benefits, employment, termination, or separation
from employment with the Employer by reason of any actual or alleged act, omission, transaction, practice, conduct, occurrence, or other
matter from the beginning of time up to and including the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement, including, but not
limited to: 

- 8 - 

i.
any and all claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (Title VII), the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), the Family
and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) (regarding existing but not prospective claims), the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), the Equal Pay Act,
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) (regarding unvested benefits), the Civil Rights Act of 1991, Section 1981 of U.S.C.
Title 42, the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act, the National Labor Relations
Act (NLRA), the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA), the Uniform Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act (USERRA), the
Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA), the Immigration Reform and Control Act (IRCA), and all applicable state and local laws
that may be waived, all including any amendments and their respective implementing regulations, and any other federal, state, local,
or foreign law (statutory, regulatory, or otherwise) that may be legally waived and released; however, the identification of specific
statutes is for purposes of example only, and the omission of any specific statute or law shall not limit the scope of this general release
in any manner; 

ii.
any and all claims for compensation of any type whatsoever, including but not limited to claims for salary, wages, bonuses, commissions,
incentive compensation, vacation, and severance that may be legally waived and released; 

iii.
any and all claims arising under tort, contract, and quasi-contract law, including but not limited to claims of breach of an express
or implied contract, tortious interference with contract or prospective business advantage, breach of the covenant of good faith and
fair dealing, promissory estoppel, detrimental reliance, invasion of privacy, nonphysical injury, personal injury or sickness or any
other harm, wrongful or retaliatory discharge, fraud, defamation, slander, libel, false imprisonment, and negligent or intentional infliction
of emotional distress; and 

iv.
any and all claims for monetary or equitable relief, including but not limited to attorneys fees, back pay, front pay, reinstatement,
experts fees, medical fees or expenses, costs and disbursements, punitive damages, liquidated damages, and penalties. 

However,
this general release and waiver of claims excludes, and the Employee does not waive, release, or discharge: (Al any right to file an
administrative charge or complaint with, or testify, assist, or participate in an investigation, hearing, or proceeding conducted by,
the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or other similar federal or state administrative agencies, although the Employee waives any
right to monetary relief related to any filed charge or administrative complaint; (Bl claims that cannot be waived by law, such as claims
for unemployment benefit rights and workers compensation; (C) indemnification rights the Employee has against the Employer; (Dl
any right to file an unfair labor practice charge under the National Labor Relations Act or the Employee s rights under a collective
bargaining agreement without processes; (El protections against retaliation under the Taxpayer First Act (26 U.S.C. 2623(dll;
and (Fl any rights to vested benefits, such as pension or retirement benefits, the rights to which are governed by the terms of the applicable
plan documents and award agreements. 

If
the Employee applies for unemployment benefits, the Employer shall not actively contest it. However, the Employer will respond truthfully,
completely, and timely to any inquiries by the Nevada Labor Commissioner or the Nevada Department of Employment, Training Rehabilitation
concerning the termination of Employee s employment. 

- 9 - 

b.
Specific Release of ADEA Claims 

In
further consideration of the payments and benefits provided to the Employee in this Agreement, the Releasors hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
fully and forever waive, release, and discharge the Released Parties from any and all Claims, whether known or unknown, from the beginning
of time through the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement, arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act
(ADEA), as amended, and its implementing regulations. By signing this Agreement, the Employee hereby acknowledges and confirms that: 

i.
the Employee has read this Agreement in its entirety and understands all of its terms; 

ii.
by this Agreement, the Employee has been advised in writing to consult with an attorney of the Employee s choosing and has consulted
with such counsel as the Employee believed was necessary before signing this Agreement; 

iii.
the Employee knowingly, freely, and voluntarily agrees to all of the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement including, without
limitation, the waiver, release, and covenants contained in it; 

iv.
the Employee is signing this Agreement, including the waiver and release, in exchange for good and valuable consideration in addition
to anything of value to which the Employee is otherwise entitled; 

v.
the Employee was given at least twenty-one (21) days to consider the terms of this Agreement and consult with an attorney of the Employee s
choice, although the Employee may sign it sooner if desired and changes to this Agreement, whether material or immaterial, do not restart
the running of the 21-day period; 

vi.
the Employee understands that the Employee has seven (7) days after signing this Agreement to revoke the release in this paragraph by
delivering notice of revocation to Denis Phares, Ph.D at the Employer, by email before the end of this seven-day
period; and 

vii.
the Employee understands that the release contained in this paragraph does not apply to rights and claims that may arise after the Employee
signs this Agreement. 

c.
Employer Group Release of Employee 

In
exchange for the Releasors waiver and release of claims against the Released Parties, and non revocation of any portion of
that release, the Employer Group expressly waives and releases any and all claims against the Employee that may be waived and released
by law with the exception of claims arising out of or attributable to: (i) events, acts, or omissions taking place after the Parties 
execution of the Agreement; (ii) the Employee s breach of any terms and conditions of the Agreement; and (iii) the Employee s
criminal activities or intentional misconduct occurring during the Employee s employment with the Employer Group. 

- 10 - 

8.
Knowing and Voluntary Acknowledgment. The Employee specifically agrees and acknowledges that: 

a.
the Employee has read this Agreement in its entirety and understands all of its terms; 

b.
by this Agreement, the Employee has been advised to consult with an attorney before executing this Agreement and has consulted with such
counsel as the Employee believed was necessary before signing this Agreement; 

c.
the Employee knowingly, freely, and voluntarily assents to all of this Agreement s terms and conditions including, without limitation,
the waiver, release, and covenants contained in it; 

d.
the Employee is signing this Agreement, including the waiver and release, in exchange for good and valuable consideration in addition
to anything of value to which the Employee is otherwise entitled; 

e.
the Employee is not waiving or releasing rights or claims that may arise after the Employee signs this Agreement; and 

f.
the Employee understands that the waiver and release in this Agreement is being requested in connection with the Employee s separation
of employment from the Employer. 

The
Employee further acknowledges that the Employee is waiving and releasing claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act
(ADEA), as amended, and has had twenty-one (21) days to consider the terms of this Agreement and consult with an attorney of the
Employee s choice, although the Employee may sign it sooner if desired and changes to this Agreement, whether material or
immaterial, do not restart the 21-day period. Further, the Employee acknowledges that the Employee shall have an additional seven
(7) days from signing this Agreement to revoke consent to Employee s release of claims under the ADEA by delivering notice of
revocation to Denis Phares, Ph.D at the Employer, by email before the end of the seven-day
period. In the event of a revocation by the Employee, Employer shall have the option of treating this Agreement as null and void in
its entirety. 

9.
Effective Date. This Agreement shall not become effective until the eighth (8th) day after the Employee signs, without revoking, this
Agreement Effective Date ). No payments due to the Employee under this Agreement shall be made or begin before the Effective
Date. 

10.
Clawback Provisions. Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive-based or other compensation
paid to the Executive under this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with the Company which is subject to recovery under
any law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required
to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy adopted by the Company pursuant
to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement). 

- 11 - 

11.
Remedies. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Employee of any provision of this Agreement, Employee hereby consents
and agrees that money damages would not afford an adequate remedy and that Employer shall be entitled to seek a temporary or permanent
injunction or other equitable relief against such breach or threatened breach from any court of competent jurisdiction, without the necessity
of showing any actual damages, and without the necessity of posting any bond or other security. Any equitable relief shall be in addition
to, not instead of, legal remedies, monetary damages, or other available relief. 

If
the Employee fails to comply with any of the terms of this Agreement or post-employment obligations contained in it, the Employer may,
in addition to any other available remedies, reclaim any amounts paid to the Employee under the provisions of this Agreement and terminate
any benefits or payments that are later due under this Agreement, without waiving the releases provided in it. 

The
Parties mutually agree that this Agreement can be specifically enforced in court and can be cited as evidence in legal proceedings alleging
breach of the Agreement. 

12.
Successors and Assigns. 

a.
Assignment by the Employer 

The
Employer may freely assign this Agreement at any time. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Employer and its successors and
assigns. 

b.
No Assignment by the Employee 

The
Employee may not assign this Agreement in whole or in part. Any purported assignment by the Employee shall be null and void from the
initial date of the purported assignment. 

13.
Governing Law, Jurisdiction, and Venue. This Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the Employee s
employment or termination of employment with Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp., whether sounding in contract, tort, or statute, for all
purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Nevada (including its statutes of limitations) without regard
to any conflicts of laws principles that would require the laws of any other jurisdiction to apply. Any action or proceeding by either
of the Parties to enforce this Agreement shall be brought only in any state or federal court located in the state of Nevada, county of
Washoe. The Parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of these courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum
to the maintenance of any action or proceeding in such venue. 

14.
Entire Agreement. Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between
Employer and Employee relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, discussions,
agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, regarding such subject matter. 

In
the event of any inconsistency between this Agreement and any other agreement between the Employee and the Employer, the statements in
this Agreement shall control. 

- 12 - 

15.
Modification and Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified unless the amendment or modification is agreed to
in writing and signed by the Employee and by the Chief Executive Officer of the Employer. No waiver by either Party of any breach by
the other party of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the other Party shall be deemed a waiver of any similar
or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any prior or subsequent time, nor shall the failure of or delay by either Party in
exercising any right, power, or privilege under this Agreement operate as a waiver thereof to preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other such right, power, or privilege. 

16.
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable
in any respect, or enforceable only if modified, such finding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, which
shall remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding on the Parties. 

The
Parties further agree that any such court is expressly authorized to modify any such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision of
this Agreement instead of severing the provision from this Agreement in its entirety, whether by rewriting, deleting, or adding to the
offending provision, or by making such other modifications as it deems necessary to carry out the intent and agreement of the Parties
as embodied in this Agreement to the maximum extent permitted by law. Any such modification shall become a part of and treated as though
originally set forth in this Agreement. If such provision or provisions are not modified, this Agreement shall be construed as if such
invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provisions had not been set forth in it. The Parties expressly agree that this Agreement as so modified
by the court shall be binding on and enforceable against each of them. 

17.
Interpretation. Captions and headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision
of this Agreement is to be construed by reference to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph. Moreover, this Agreement shall
not be construed against either Party as the author or drafter of the Agreement. 

18.
Counterparts. The Parties may execute this Agreement in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which taken
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart s signature page of this Agreement by
email in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance
of a document has the same effect as delivery of an executed original of this Agreement. 

19.
No Admission of Liability. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as an admission by the Employee or the Employer of any wrongdoing,
liability, or noncompliance with any federal, state, city, or local rule, ordinance, statute, common law, or other legal obligation. 

- 13 - 

20.
Notices. All notices under this Agreement must be given in writing by regular mail or email at the addresses indicated in this Agreement
or any other address designated in writing by either Party. When providing written notice to Employer, a copy must be provided to Employer s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Legal Officer at the addresses below. 

Notice
to Employer: 

Dragonfly
Energy Holdings Corp. 

 Attn:
Chief Executive Officer 

 1190
Trademark Drive #108 

 Reno,
Nevada 89521 

Dragonfly
Energy Holdings Corp. 

 Attn:
Chief Legal Officer 

 1190
Trademark Drive #108 

Reno,
Nevada 89521 

Notice
to the Employee 

 Sean
Nichols 

21.
Attorneys Fees and Costs. If the Employee breaches any terms of this Agreement or the post-termination obligations referenced
in it, to the extent authorized by Nevada law, the Employee will be responsible for payment of all reasonable attorneys fees and
costs that Employer incurred in the course of enforcing the terms of this Agreement, including demonstrating the existence of a breach
and any other contract enforcement efforts. 

22.
Section 409A. This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Section 409A),
including the exceptions thereto, and shall be construed and administered in accordance with such intent. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement, payments provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A
or an applicable exemption. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to
an involuntary separation from service, as a short-term deferral, or as a settlement payment pursuant to a bona fide legal dispute shall
be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, any installment payments provided under this
Agreement shall each be treated as a separate payment. To the extent required under Section 409A, any payments to be made under this
Agreement in connection with a termination of employment shall only be made if such termination constitutes a separation from
service under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employer makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided
under this Agreement comply with Section 409A and in no event shall Employer be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties,
interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by Employee on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 

23.
Notice of Post-Termination Obligations. When the Employee s employment with the Employer terminates, the Employee agrees to notify
any subsequent employer of the restrictive covenants referenced in this Agreement. In addition, the Employee authorizes the Employer
to provide a copy of the restrictive covenants referenced in this Agreement to third parties, including but not limited to, the Employee s
subsequent, anticipated, or possible future employer. 

24.
Acknowledgment of Full Understanding. THE EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE EMPLOYEE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS, AND VOLUNTARILY
ENTERS INTO THIS AGREEMENT. THE EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE EMPLOYEE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND CONSULT
WITH AN ATTORNEY OF THE EMPLOYEE S CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT. THE EMPLOYEE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE EMPLOYEE S
SIGNATURE BELOW IS AN AGREEMENT TO RELEASE EMPLOYER FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS THAT CAN BE RELEASED AS A MATTER OF LAW. 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS] 

- 14 - 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the Execution Date above. 

Dragonfly
 Energy Holdings Corp. 

By: 
 /s/
 Denis Phares 

Name:
 
 Denis
 Phares, Ph.D 

Title:
 
 Chairman
 CEO 

EMPLOYEE 

By: 
 /s/
 Sean Nichols 

Sean
 Nichols 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.27>
 5
 ex10-27.htm

Exhibit
10.27 

FIRST
AMENDMENT TO SEPERATION AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS AGREEMENT 

This
First Amendment to the Separation and Release of Claims Agreement, dated as of October 25, 2022 (the Amendment ), is entered
into by and between Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation, having its principal place of business at 1190 Trademark
Drive #108, Reno, Nevada 89521 Employer ), and Sean Nichols, Employee , and together with Employer, the Parties ,
and each, a Party ). 

WHEREAS,
the Parties have entered into a Separation and Release of Claims Agreement, dated October 25, 2022 (the Existing Agreement ); 

WHEREAS,
the Parties hereto desire to amend the Existing Agreement on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; and 

WHEREAS,
pursuant to Section 15 of the Existing Agreement, the amendment contemplated by the Parties must be contained in a written agreement
signed by the Employee and the Chief Executive Officer of the Employer. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 

1.
 D efinitions. C apitalized
terms used and not defined in this A mendment have the respective meanings assigned to
them in the E xisting A greement. 

2.
A mendments to the E xisting A greement.
 A s of the E ffective D ate
(defined below), the E xisting A greement
is hereby amended or modified as follows: 

(a) Section
l(b) of the Existing Agreement is hereby amended by removing the following text: These payments will not deduct taxes or other
withholdings. 

3.
W ith this A mendment, E mployee
hereby acknowledges and agrees that taxes and withholdings will be deducted from the payments made pursuant to S ection
l(b) of the E xisting A greement. 

4.
D ate of E ffectiveness; L imited
 E ffect. T his A mendment
will be deemed effective as of 4. N ovember 7, 2022 (the E ffective
 D ate ). E xcept as expressly provided
in this A mendment, all of the terms and provisions of the E xisting
 A greement are and will remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed
by the P arties. W ithout limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the amendments contained herein will not be construed as an amendment to or waiver of any other provision of the 
E xisting A greement or as a waiver of or consent
to any further or future action on the part of either P arty that would require the waiver
or consent of the other P arty. O n and after
the E ffective D ate, each reference in the
 E xisting A greement to this 
A greement, the A greement, 
 hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import will mean and be a reference to the 
E xisting A greement as amended by this Amendment. 

5.
R epresentations and W arranties. E ach
 P arty hereby represents and warrants to
the other Party that: 

(a)
It has the full right, power, and authority to enter into this Amendment and to perform its obligations hereunder and under the Existing
Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 

(b) The
execution of this Amendment by the individual whose signature is set forth at the end of this Amendment on behalf of such Party, and
the delivery of this Amendment by such Party, have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of such Party. 

(c) This
Amendment has been executed and delivered by such Party and constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable
against such Party in accordance with its terms. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Amendment on November 14 , 2022. 

SEAN
 NICHOLS 

By:
 
 / s/
 Sean Nichols 

DRAGONFLY
 ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Denis Phares 

Name:
 
 Denis
 Phares, Ph.D. 

Title:
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

- 2 - 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 6
 ex10-28.htm

Exhibit
10.28 

ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

between 

WILLIAM
THOMASON, RICHARD JONES, 

AND
THOMASON JONES COMPANY, LLC 

and 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY CORP. 

dated
as of 

April
22, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGES 

ARTICLE
 I 
 PURCHASE
 AND SALE 
 1 

Section
 1.01 
 
 Purchase
 and Sale of Assets 
 1 

Section
 1.02 
 
 No
 Liabilities 
 1 

Section
 1.03 
 
 Purchase
 Price 
 2 

Section
 1.04 
 
 Allocation
 of Purchase Price 
 2 

Section
 1.05 
 
 Earn
 Out 
 2 

Section
 1.06 
 
 Withholding
 Tax 
 2 

ARTICLE II 
 CLOSING 
 2 

Section
 2.01 
 
 Closing 
 2 

Section
 2.02 
 
 Closing
 Deliverables 
 2 

ARTICLE
 III 
 REPRESENTATIONS
 AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER 
 3 

Section
 3.01 
 
 Organization
 and Authority of Seller; Enforceability 
 4 

Section
 3.02 
 
 No
 Conflicts; Consents 
 4 

Section
 3.03 
 
 Title
 to Purchased Assets 
 4 

Section
 3.04 
 
 Condition
 of Assets 
 4 

Section
 3.05 
 
 Inventory 
 4 

Section
 3.06 
 
 Intellectual
 Property 
 4 

Section
 3.07 
 
 Compliance
 With Laws 
 5 

Section
 3.08 
 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 5 

Section
 3.09 
 
 Brokers 
 5 

Section
 3.10 
 
 Full
 Disclosure 
 5 

ARTICLE IV 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER 
 6 

Section
 4.01 
 
 Organization
 and Authority of Buyer; Enforceability 
 6 

Section
 4.02 
 
 No
 Conflicts; Consents 
 6 

Section
 4.03 
 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 6 

Section
 4.04 
 
 Brokers 
 6 

- i - 

ARTICLE V 
 COVENANTS 
 6 

Section
 5.01 
 
 Public
 Announcements 
 6 

Section
 5.02 
 
 Transfer
 Taxes 
 7 

Section
 5.03 
 
 Further
 Assurances 
 7 

ARTICLE VI 
 INDEMNIFICATION 
 7 

Section
 6.01 
 
 Survival 
 7 

Section
 6.02 
 
 Indemnification
 By Seller 
 7 

Section
 6.03 
 
 Indemnification
 By Buyer 
 8 

Section
 6.04 
 
 Indemnification
 Procedures 
 8 

Section
 6.05 
 
 Tax
 Treatment of Indemnification Payments 
 8 

Section
 6.06 
 
 Effect
 of Investigation 
 8 

Section
 6.07 
 
 Cumulative
 Remedies 
 8 

ARTICLE VII 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 9 

Section
 7.01 
 
 Expenses 
 9 

Section
 7.02 
 
 Notices 
 9 

Section
 7.03 
 
 Headings 
 9 

Section
 7.04 
 
 Severability 
 9 

Section
 7.05 
 
 Entire
 Agreement 
 10 

Section
 7.06 
 
 Successors
 and Assigns 
 10 

Section
 7.07 
 
 No
 Third-party Beneficiaries 
 10 

Section
 7.08 
 
 Amendment
 and Modification 
 10 

Section
 7.09 
 
 Waiver 
 10 

Section
 7.10 
 
 Governing
 Law 
 10 

Section
 7.11 
 
 Submission
 to Jurisdiction 
 10 

Section
 7.12 
 
 Waiver
 of Jury Trial 
 10 

Section
 7.13 
 
 Specific
 Performance 
 10 

Section
 7.14 
 
 Counterparts 
 10 

- ii - 

ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This
Asset Purchase Agreement (this Agreement ), dated as of April 22, 2022, is entered into between William Thomason Thomason ),
Richard Jones Jones ), and Thomason Jones Company, LLC TJC ), a Washington Limited Liability corporation
(individually, each a Seller, and collectively Seller and Dragonfly Energy Corp., a Nevada corporation Buyer ). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS,
Seller wishes to sell to Buyer, and Buyer wishes to purchase from Seller, the rights of Seller to the Purchased Assets (as defined herein),
subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein; 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
I 

 PURCHASE
AND SALE 

Section
1.01 Purchase and Sale of Assets. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Seller shall sell, assign, transfer, convey
and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase from Seller, all of Seller s right, title and interest in the assets set forth on
Schedule 1.01 of the disclosure schedules Disclosure Schedules attached hereto (the Purchased Assets ),
free and clear of any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, security interest and claims or other encumbrance whether known or unknown to Seller
as of the date of this Agreement Encumbrance ). 

Section
1.02 No Liabilities. Buyer shall not assume any liabilities or obligations of Seller s business of any kind, whether known
or unknown, contingent, matured or otherwise, whether currently existing or hereinafter arising. 

Section
1.03 Purchase Price. The aggregate purchase price for the Purchased Assets, not to exceed seven hundred thousand dollars 700,000)
for Inventory as listed in Schedule 1.01, will be finalized as set forth herein (the Purchase Price ). The Buyer shall pay
the Purchase Price to Seller in exchange for Seller s delivery of the Purchased Assets with certain events occurring after signature
of this Agreement as described herein. 

Options
shall be issued to each of Thomason and Jones under terms described in Option Agreements entered into with each of them, in accordance
with section 7(a) of the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, attached in Schedule 1.03 of the Disclosure Schedules. Issuance of the Options
is subject to execution of the Employment Offers by each of Thomason and Jones and shall occur as soon as possible after each of Thomason s
and Jones employment start dates. Execution of the Employment Offers is a pre-condition for finalizing this Agreement. 

Payment
of the cash portion of the Purchase Price is subject to itemization, listing, invoicing and delivery of Schedule 1.01 Inventory items
by Seller and then completion by Buyer upon receipt of an audit and final count of such Schedule 1.01 Inventory items, which audit and
final count shall be completed in a timely and efficient manner. The cash portion of the Purchase Price shall be in the form of a cashier s
check payable to Thomason Jones Company, LLC no later than August 15, 2022. 

Section
1.04 Allocation of Purchase Price. Seller and Buyer agree to allocate the Purchase Price among the Purchased Assets for all purposes
(including tax and financial accounting) in accordance with Schedule 1.04 of the Disclosure Schedules; those amounts due for Completed
Products and Components will be determined upon Buyer s completion of a final count of Schedule 1.01 items delivered by Seller.
Buyer and Seller shall file all tax returns (including amended returns and claims for refund) and information reports in a manner consistent
with such allocation. 

Section
1.05 Earn Out. If, within twenty-four months of this Agreement Dragonfly Energy Corp. realizes three million dollars 3,000,000)
in gross sales of product either a) sold under the Wakespeed brand and/or b) which incorporates any portion of Purchased IP as listed
in Schedule 3.06(b) to this Agreement, then the Company will pay to Thomason and Jones each the amount of one million dollars 1,000,000)
as soon as reasonably practicable. This payment may be made in cash or common stock of Dragonfly Energy Corp, in the sole discretion
of the Company. If the payment is made in cash, it shall be made out as checks to each of Thomason and Jones respectively. From and after
Closing, the Company shall implement a system, if not already in place, which allows for the accurate tracking of all products to be
sold under the Wakespeed brand as well as any product which incorporates Purchased IP referenced in Schedule 3.06(b). 

Section
1.06 Withholding Tax. Buyer shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the Purchase Price all taxes that Buyer may be required
to deduct and withhold under any applicable tax law. All such withheld amounts shall be treated as delivered to Seller hereunder. 

ARTICLE
II 

 CLOSING 

Section
2.01 Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall take place as described
in this document with the execution of this Agreement as dated deemed to be the closing date (the Closing Date occurring
at the offices of Dragonfly, 1190 Trademark Drive #108, Reno, Nevada 89521. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall be deemed to occur at 12:01 a.m. on the Closing Date except as otherwise described herein. agreement. 

Section
2.02 Closing Deliverables . 

(a) At
the Closing, Seller shall deliver to Buyer the following: 

(i) a
bill of sale in the form of Exhibit A hereto (the Bill of Sale and duly executed by Seller, transferring the Purchased
Assets to Buyer; 

(ii) an
assignment and assumption agreement in the form of Exhibit B hereto (the Assignment and Assumption Agreement and duly
executed by Seller, effecting the assignment to and assumption by Buyer of the Purchased Assets and the Assumed Liabilities; 

- 2 - 

(iii) assignments
in the form of Exhibit C hereto (the Intellectual Property Assignments and duly executed by Seller, transferring all of
Seller s right, title and interest in and to the trademark registrations and applications, patents and patent applications, copyright
registrations and applications, and domain name registrations included in the Purchased Assets to Buyer; 

(iv) a
certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or equivalent officer) of Seller certifying as to (A) the resolutions of the board
of directors of Seller, duly adopted and in effect, which authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, and (B) the names and signatures of the officers of Seller authorized to sign this Agreement and the
documents to be delivered hereunder; 

(v) such
other customary instruments of transfer, assumption, filings or documents, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer, as
may be required to give effect to this Agreement; and 

(vi) Washington
State Department of Revenue Request for Tax Status Form completed by Seller. 

(vii) Accepted
Offers of Employment from each of Thomason and Jones. 

(viii) A
signed release from American Power Systems, Inc. APS releasing Thomason Jones Company, Inc. from its Agreement with APS
dated July 17, 2019. This signed release shall be deemed executed prior to the signing of this Agreement. 

(b) At
the Closing, Buyer shall deliver to Seller the following: 

(i) the
Assignment and Assumption Agreement duly executed by Buyer; and 

(ii) a
certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or equivalent officer) of Buyer certifying as to (A) the resolutions of the board
of directors of Buyer, duly adopted and in effect, which authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, and (B) the names and signatures of the officers of Buyer authorized to sign this Agreement and the
documents to be delivered hereunder. 

(iii) Offers
of Employment signed by Denis Phares on behalf of Dragonfly Energy Corp. Inc. 

ARTICLE
III 

 REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER 

Seller
represents and warrants to Buyer that the statements contained in this Article III are true and correct as of the date hereof
to the best of Seller s knowledge. For purposes of this Article III , Seller s knowledge, knowledge
of Seller and any similar phrases shall mean the actual knowledge of Seller. 

- 3 - 

Section
3.01 Organization and Authority of Seller; Enforceability. Seller is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the State of Washington. Seller has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement
and the documents to be delivered hereunder, to carry out its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
The execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of Seller. This Agreement
and the documents to be delivered hereunder have been duly executed and delivered by Seller, and (assuming due authorization, execution
and delivery by Buyer) this Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of
Seller, enforceable against Seller in accordance with their respective terms. 

Section
3.02 No Conflicts; Consents. The execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement and the documents to be delivered
hereunder, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, do not and will not: (a) violate or conflict with the articles
of organization, by-laws or other organizational documents of Seller; (b) violate or conflict with any judgment, order, decree, statute,
law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Seller or the Purchased Assets; (c) conflict with, or result in (with or without notice
or lapse of time or both) any violation of, or default under, or give rise to a right of termination, acceleration or modification of
any obligation or loss of any benefit under any contract or other instrument to which Seller is a party or to which any of the Purchased
Assets are subject; or (d) result in the creation or imposition of any Encumbrance on the Purchased Assets. No consent, approval, waiver
or authorization is required to be obtained by Seller from any person or entity (including any governmental authority) in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section
3.03 Title to Purchased Assets. Seller owns and has good title to the Purchased Assets, free and clear of Encumbrances. 

Section
3.04 Condition of Assets. The tangible personal property included in the Purchased Assets is in good condition and is adequate
for the uses to which it is being put, and none of such tangible personal property is in need of maintenance or repairs except for ordinary,
routine maintenance and repairs that are not material in nature or cost. 

Section
3.05 Inventory. All inventory, finished goods, raw materials, work in progress, packaging, supplies, parts and other inventories
included in the Purchased Assets consist of a quality and quantity usable and salable in the ordinary course of business. 

Section
3.06 Intellectual Property . 

(a) Intellectual
Property means any and all of the following in any jurisdiction throughout the world: (i) trademarks and service marks, including
all applications and registrations and the goodwill connected with the use of and symbolized by the foregoing; (ii) copyrights, both
registered and unregistered, including all applications and registrations related to the foregoing; (iii) trade secrets and confidential
know-how; (iv) patents and patent applications; (v) websites and internet domain name registrations with the exception of TJCmicro.com 
and (vi) other intellectual property and related proprietary rights, interests and protections (including all rights to sue and recover
and retain damages, costs and attorneys fees for past, present and future infringement and any other rights relating to any of
the foregoing). For the avoidance of doubt, Intellectual Property includes source code, product designs, and manufacturing know how. 

- 4 - 

(b) Schedule
306.(b) of the Disclosure Schedules defines and lists all Intellectual Property included in the Purchased Assets Purchased IP ).
Seller owns or has adequate, valid and enforceable rights to use all the Purchased IP, free and clear of Encumbrances. Seller is not
bound by any outstanding judgment, injunction, order or decree restricting the use of the Purchased IP, or restricting the licensing
thereof to any person or entity. With respect to the registered Intellectual Property listed on Section 3.06(b) of the Disclosure
Schedules, (i) all such Intellectual Property is valid, subsisting and in full force and effect and (ii) Seller has paid all maintenance
fees and made all filings required to maintain Seller s ownership thereof. For all such registered Intellectual Property, Section
3.06(b) of the Disclosure Schedules lists (A) the jurisdiction where the application or registration is located, (B) the application
or registration number, and (C) the application or registration date. 

(c) To
the best of Seller s knowledge, Seller s prior and current use of the Purchased IP has not and does not infringe, violate,
dilute or misappropriate the Intellectual Property of any person or entity and other than as disclosed, there are no claims pending or
threatened by any person or entity with respect to the ownership, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or use of the Purchased IP.
To the best of Seller s knowledge, no person or entity is infringing, misappropriating, diluting or otherwise violating any of
the Purchased IP, and neither Seller nor any affiliate of Seller has made or asserted any claim, demand or notice against any person
or entity alleging any such infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violation. 

Section
3.07 Compliance With Laws. To the best of Seller s knowledge, Seller has complied, and is now complying, with all applicable
federal, state and local laws and regulations applicable to ownership and use of the Purchased Assets. 

Section
3.08 Legal Proceedings. There is no claim, action, suit, proceeding or governmental investigation Action of any
nature pending or, to Seller s knowledge, threatened against or by Seller (a) relating to or affecting the Purchased Assets; or
(b) that challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin or otherwise delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No event has occurred,
nor to Seller s knowledge do circumstances exist that may give rise to, or serve as a basis for, any such Action. 

Section
3.09 Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder s or other fee or commission in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Seller. 

Section
3.10 Full Disclosure. To Seller s best knowledge, no representation or warranty by Seller in this Agreement and no statement
contained in the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement or any certificate or other document furnished or to be furnished to Buyer pursuant
to this Agreement contains any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
contained therein, in light of the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading. 

- 5 - 

ARTICLE
IV 

 REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER 

Buyer
represents and warrants to Seller that the statements contained in this Article IV are true and correct as of the date hereof.
For purposes of this Article IV , Buyer s knowledge, knowledge of Buyer and any similar phrases
shall mean the actual or constructive knowledge of any director or officer of Buyer, after due inquiry. 

Section
4.01 Organization and Authority of Buyer; Enforceability. Buyer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Nevada. Buyer has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the documents
to be delivered hereunder, to carry out its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution,
delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of Buyer. This Agreement and the documents
to be delivered hereunder have been duly executed and delivered by Buyer, and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by
Seller) this Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of Buyer enforceable
against Buyer in accordance with their respective terms. 

Section
4.02 No Conflicts; Consents. The execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement and the documents to be delivered
hereunder, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, do not and will not: (a) violate or conflict with the certificate
of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational documents of Buyer; or (b) violate or conflict with any judgment, order, decree, statute,
law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Buyer. No consent, approval, waiver or authorization is required to be obtained by Buyer
from any person or entity (including any governmental authority) in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by Buyer
of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section
4.03 Legal Proceedings. There is no Action of any nature pending or, to Buyer s knowledge, threatened against or by Buyer
that challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin or otherwise delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No event has occurred
nor circumstances exist that may give rise to, or serve as a basis for, any such Action. 

Section
4.04 Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder s or other fee or commission in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Buyer. 

ARTICLE
V 

 COVENANTS 

Section
5.01 Public Announcements. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, neither party shall make any public announcements regarding
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby without the prior written consent of the other party (which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

- 6 - 

Section
5.02 Transfer Taxes. All transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration, value added and other such taxes and fees (including
any penalties and interest) incurred in connection with this Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder shall be borne and
paid by Seller when due. Seller shall, at its own expense, timely file any tax return or other document with respect to such taxes or
fees (and Buyer shall cooperate with respect thereto as necessary). 

Section
5.03 Further Assurances. Following the Closing, each of the parties hereto shall execute and deliver such additional documents,
instruments, conveyances and assurances and take such further actions as may be reasonably required to carry out the provisions hereof
and give effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder. 

ARTICLE
VI 

 INDEMNIFICATION 

Section
6.01 Survival. All representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein and all related rights to indemnification
shall survive for a period of one year following Closing . 

Section
6.02 Indemnification By Seller. Seller shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Buyer, its affiliates and their respective stockholders,
directors, officers and employees from and against all claims, judgments, damages, liabilities, settlements, losses, costs and expenses,
including attorneys fees and disbursements, arising from or relating to: 

(a) any
inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement or any document to be delivered
hereunder; 

(b) any
and all liabilities of TJC; 

(c) any
and all litigation arising after the execution of this agreement, against TJC, whether or not Dragonfly is named a party to the litigation; 

(d) any
and all liabilities of Thomason; 

(e) any
and all litigation arising after the execution of this agreement, against Thomason[, whether or not Dragonfly is named a party to the
litigation; 

(f) any
and all liabilities of Jones; 

(g) any
and all litigation arising after the execution of this agreement, against Jones, whether or not Dragonfly is named a party to the litigation;
or 

(h) liabilities
arising out of the business activity of all Sellers; 

(i) any
litigation or liability relating to the Purchased Assets that was incurred or accrued before Closing; 

- 7 - 

(j) any
breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant, agreement or obligation to be performed by Seller pursuant to this Agreement or any document
to be delivered hereunder. 

Section
6.03 Indemnification By Buyer. Buyer shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Seller, its affiliates and their respective stockholders,
directors, officers and employees from and against all claims, judgments, damages, liabilities, settlements, losses, costs and expenses,
including attorneys fees and disbursements, arising from or relating to: 

(a) any
inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of Buyer contained in this Agreement or any document to be delivered
hereunder; 

(b) any
breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant, agreement or obligation to be performed by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement or any document
to be delivered hereunder. 

(c) any
litigation or liability relating to the Purchased Assets that was incurred or accrued after Closing. 

Section
6.04 Indemnification Procedures. Whenever any claim shall arise for indemnification hereunder, the party entitled to indemnification
(the Indemnified Party shall promptly provide written notice of such claim to the other party (the Indemnifying
Party ). In connection with any claim giving rise to indemnity hereunder resulting from or arising out of any Action by a person
or entity who is not a party to this Agreement, the Indemnifying Party, at its sole cost and expense and upon written notice to the Indemnified
Party, may assume the defense of any such Action with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party. The Indemnified Party
shall be entitled to participate in the defense of any such Action, with its counsel and at its own cost and expense. If the Indemnifying
Party does not assume the defense of any such Action, the Indemnified Party may, but shall not be obligated to, defend against such Action
in such manner as it may deem appropriate, including, but not limited to, settling such Action, after giving notice of it to the Indemnifying
Party, on such terms as the Indemnified Party may deem appropriate and no action taken by the Indemnified Party in accordance with such
defense and settlement shall relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligations herein provided with respect to any damages
resulting therefrom. The Indemnifying Party shall not settle any Action without the Indemnified Party s prior written consent (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

Section
6.05 Tax Treatment of Indemnification Payments. All indemnification payments made by the parties under this Agreement shall be
treated by the parties as an adjustment to the Purchase Price for tax purposes, unless otherwise required by law. 

Section
6.06 Effect of Investigation. Buyer s right to indemnification or other remedy based on the representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements of Seller contained herein will not be affected by any investigation conducted by Buyer with respect to, or
any knowledge acquired by Buyer at any time, with respect to the accuracy or inaccuracy of or compliance with, any such representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement. 

Section
6.07 Cumulative Remedies. The rights and remedies provided in this Article VI are cumulative and are in addition to and
not in substitution for any other rights and remedies available at law or in equity or otherwise. 

- 8 - 

ARTICLE
VII 

 MISCELLANEOUS 

Section
7.01 Expenses. All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall
be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses except that the Buyer shall bear a) the costs of packaging and shipping the Purchased
Assets required to be sent from Seller s business location(s) to that of Buyer and b) the costs of re-assigning patents from Seller
to Buyer. 

Section
7.02 Notices. All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been given (a) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (b) when received by the addressee
if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (c) on the date sent by facsimile or e-mail of a PDF document
(with confirmation of transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next business day if sent after
normal business hours of the recipient; or (d) on the third day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must be sent to the respective parties at the following addresses (or at such other address
for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 7.02 ): 

If
 to Seller: 
 Thomason
 Jones Company, LLC 

E-mail: 

Attention: 

with
 a copy to: 
 Jenny
 Coates Law, PLLC 

E-mail: 

Attention: 

If
 to Buyer: 
 Dragonfly
 Energy Corp. 
 1190
 Trademark Drive #108 
 Reno,
 NV 89521 
 E-mail:
 legal@dragonflyenergy.com 
 Attention:
 Nicole Harvey, General Counsel 

Section
7.03 Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 

Section
7.04 Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity,
illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such
term or provision in any other jurisdiction. 

- 9 - 

Section
7.05 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder constitute the sole and entire agreement of
the parties to this Agreement with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings
and agreements, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. In the event of any inconsistency between the statements
in the body of this Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder, the Exhibits and Disclosure Schedules (other than an exception
expressly set forth as such in the Disclosure Schedules), the statements in the body of this Agreement will control. 

Section
7.06 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. Neither party may assign its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No assignment shall relieve the assigning party of any
of its obligations hereunder. 

Section
7.07 No Third-party Beneficiaries. Except as provided in Article VI , this Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon
any other person or entity any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 

Section
7.08 Amendment and Modification. This Agreement may only be amended, modified or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed
by each party hereto. 

Section
7.09 Waiver. No waiver by any party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing
and signed by the party so waiving. No waiver by any party shall operate or be construed as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach
or default not expressly identified by such written waiver, whether of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before
or after that waiver. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this Agreement
shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. 

Section
7.10 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada
without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Nevada or any other jurisdiction). 

Section
7.11 Submission to Jurisdiction. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America or the courts of the State of Nevada in each
case located in the city of Reno and county of Washoe, and each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts
in any such suit, action or proceeding. 

Section
7.12 Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party acknowledges and agrees that any controversy which may arise under this Agreement is likely
to involve complicated and difficult issues and, therefore, each such party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right it may have
to a trial by jury in respect of any legal action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section
7.13 Specific Performance. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed
in accordance with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to
any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. 

Section
7.14 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means
of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above by their respective
officers thereunto duly authorized. 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS] 

- 10 - 

THOMASON
 JONES COMPANY, LLC 

By: 
 /s/
 William Thomason 

Name: 
 William
 Thomason 

Title: 
 Member 

WILLIAM
 THOMASON 

By: 
 /s/
 William Thomason 

RICHARD
 JONES 

By: 
 /s/
 Richard Jones 

DRAGONFLY
 ENERGY CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Denis Phares 

Name: 
 Denis
 Phares 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

- 11 - 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.29>
 7
 ex10-29.htm

Exhibit
10.29 

MANUFACTURING
SUPPLY AGREEMENT 

This
Manufacturing Supply Agreement, dated as of November 19 th , 2021 (the Agreement ), is entered into by and between
DRAGONFLY ENERGY CORP., a Nevada corporation having its principal place of business at 1190 Trademark Dr. Suite 108, Reno, NV 8952l Seller ),
and KEYSTONE RV COMPANY, a Delaware corporation having its principal place of business at 2624 Hackberry Drive, Goshen, Indiana 46527-2000 Buyer , and together with Seller, the Parties , and each, a Party ). 

WHEREAS,
Seller is in the business of manufacturing and selling 10012H (100 Ah) and GC3H (270Ah) lithium batteries (herein the Batteries ); 

WHEREAS,
Buyer is a manufacturer of towable recreational vehicles, including travel trailers and fifth wheels, and wishes to purchase the Batteries
exclusively from Seller; and 

WHEREAS,
Seller desires to manufacture, supply, and sell the Batteries exclusively to Buyer for use in the towable recreational vehicle market,
and for resale to Buyer s customers. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, terms and conditions set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties incorporate by reference the above recitals, as well as all
footnotes, and agree as follows: 

1. Definitions .
Capitalized terms, not otherwise defined in this Agreement, have the meanings set out or referred to in this Section I
below. 

Action 
means any claim, action, cause of action, demand, lawsuit, arbitration, inquiry, audit, notice of violation, proceeding, litigation,
citation, summons, subpoena or investigation of any nature, civil, criminal, administrative, regulatory or other, whether at law, in
equity or otherwise. 

Ah 
as used above to describe the lithium batteries or type of Batteries to be sold exclusively to Buyer as described in this Agreement means
ampere hour(s) or amp hour(s). 

Affiliate 
of a Person means any other Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by, or is
under common Control with, such Person. 

Basic
Purchase Order Terms means, collectively, any one or more of the following terms specified by Buyer in a Purchase Order: 

(a) 
 a
 list of the Batteries to be purchased; 

(b) 
 the
 quantity of each of the Batteries ordered; 

(c) 
 the
 Requested Delivery Date; 

(d) 
 the
 unit Price for each of the Batteries to be purchased; 

(e) 
 the
 billing address; and 

(f) 
 the
 Delivery Location. 

For
the avoidance of doubt, the term Basic Purchase Order Terms docs not include or incorporate any general terms or conditions
of any Purchase Order. 

Batteries 
means the Batteries identified on Schedule l and described in the Specifications contained in Schedule 3. 

Claim 
means any Action brought against a Person entitled to indemnification under Section 10. 

Control 
(and with correlative meanings, the terms Controlled by and under common Control with means, with respect
to any Person, the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of
another Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise. 

Defective 
means not conforming to the Product Warranty under Section 9.3. 

Delivery
Location means the street address within the Territory for delivery of the Batteries specified in the applicable Purchase Order. 

Forecast 
means, with respect to any three-month period, a good faith projection or estimate of Buyer s requirements for Batteries during
each month during the period, which approximates, as nearly as possible, based on information available at the time to Buyer, the quantity
of Batteries that Buyer may order for each such month. 

Governmental
Authority means any federal, state, local or foreign government or political subdivision thereof, or any agency or instrumentality
of such government or political subdivision, or any self-regulated organization or other non-governmental regulatory authority or quasi-governmental
authority (to the extent that the rules, regulations or orders of such organization or authority have the force of Law), or any arbitrator,
court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction. 

Governmental
Order means any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, stipulation, award or determination entered by or with any Governmental
Authority. 

Intellectual
Property Rights means all industrial and other intellectual property IP rights comprising or relating to: 

(a) Patents; 

(b) Trademarks; 

(c) internet
domain names, whether or not Trademarks, registered by any authorized private registrar or Governmental Authority, web addresses, web
pages, website, and URLs; 

(d) works
of authorship, expressions, designs, and design registrations, whether or not copyrightable, including copyrights and copyrightable works,
software and firmware, data, data files, and databases and other specifications and documentation; 

- 2 - 

(e) Trade
Secrets; 

(f) all
industrial and other intellectual property rights, and all rights, interests, and protections that are associated with, equivalent or
similar to, or required for the exercise of, any of the foregoing, however arising, in each case whether registered or unregistered and
including all registrations and applications for, and renewals or extensions of, such rights or forms of protection pursuant to the Laws
of any jurisdiction throughout in any part of the world. 

Law 
means any statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, constitution, treaty, common law, Governmental Order or other requirement
or rule of law of any Governmental Authority. 

Nonconforming
Batteries means any Batteries received by Buyer from Seller pursuant to a Purchase Order that: 

(a) do
not conform to the product listed in the applicable Purchase Order; 

(b) do
not fully conform to the Specifications; or 

(c) materially
exceed the quantity of Batteries ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement or any Purchase Order. 

Where
the context requires, Nonconforming Batteries are deemed to be Batteries for purposes of this Agreement. 

Patents 
means all patents (including all reissues, divisionals, provisionals, continuations and continuations-in-part, re-examinations, renewals,
substitutions and extensions thereof), patent applications, and other patent rights and any other Governmental Authority-issued indicia
of invention ownership (including inventor s certificates, petty patents, and patent utility models). 

Person 
means any individual, partnership, corporation, trust, limited liability entity, unincorporated organization, association, Governmental
Authority or any other entity. 

Purchase
Order means Buyer s purchase order issued to Seller hereunder, including all terms and conditions attached to, or incorporated
into, such purchase order. 

Receiving
Party has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1. 

Reimbursement
Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4. 

Representatives 
means a Party s officers, directors, partners, shareholders, attorneys, third- party advisors, successors and permitted assigns. 

Requested
Delivery Date means the requested delivery date for Batteries ordered hereunder that is set forth in a Purchase Order, which must
be a Business Day no less than twenty-one (21) days following delivery of the applicable Purchase Order to Seller. 

Seller s
Intellectual Property Rights means all Intellectual Property Rights owned by or licensed to Seller. 

- 3 - 

Seller s
Trademarks means all Trademarks owned by or licensed to Seller. 

Specifications 
means the specifications for the Batteries contained in Schedule 3. 

Taxes 
means any and all present and future sales, income, stamp, and other taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges, fees or withholdings
imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by any Governmental Authority, together with any interest or penalties imposed thereon. 

Territory 
means the US, and its territories and possessions and Canada. 

Thor 
shall mean Thor Industries, Inc. and each of Thor s current and future operating subsidiaries based in the United States, including
those entities referenced at the bottom of this document (but excluding the Erwin Hymer Group family of companies and any entity in which
Thor Industries or its subsidiary owns less than a controlling interest). Buyer is a wholly owned subsidiary of Thor. 

Thor
Purchasing Policies means the Thor Purchasing Policies and Procedures attached as Schedule 4. 

Tooling 
means, collectively, all tooling, dies, test and assembly fixtures, gauges, jigs, patterns, casting patterns, cavities, molds, and documentation
(including engineering specifications and test reports) used by Seller in connection with its manufacture and sale of the Batteries,
together with any accessions, attachments, parts, accessories, substitutions, replacements and appurtenances thereto. 

Trademarks 
means all rights in and to US and foreign trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade names, brand names, logos, corporate names and
domain names and other similar designations of source, sponsorship, association or origin, together with the goodwill symbolized by any
of the foregoing, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all registrations and applications for, and renewals
or extensions of, such rights and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection in any part of the world. 

Trade
Secrets means all inventions, discoveries, trade secrets, business and technical information and know-how, databases, data collections,
patent disclosures, and other confidential and proprietary information and all rights therein. 

US 
means the United States of America. 

2. Purchase
and Sale of Batteries . 

2.1 Purchase
and Sale . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, during the Term, Buyer shall purchase exclusively from Seller, and
Seller shall manufacture and sell to Buyer, Buyer s requirements of the Batteries. Schedule l contains: (a) a description of the
Batteries to be manufactured and sold hereunder; (b) the purchase price for the Batteries; and (c) the quantity of the Batteries, expressed
as a percentage of Buyer s requirements of the Batteries. Unless otherwise provided in Schedule 1, subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, Buyer shall purchase from Seller, and Seller shall manufacture and sell to Buyer, 100 of Buyer s requirements
of the Batteries. The Parties may upon mutual agreement, from time to time, amend Schedule 1 to reflect any agreed revisions to any of
the terms described in the foregoing clauses (a)-(c); provided that no such revisions will modify this Agreement or be binding on the
Parties unless such revisions have been fully approved in a signed writing by authorized Representatives of both Parties. 

- 4 - 

2.2 Terms
of Agreement Prevail Over Buyer s Purchase Order . The Parties intend for the express terms and conditions contained in this
Agreement (including any Schedules and Exhibits hereto) and the Basic Purchase Order Terms contained in the applicable Purchase Order
to exclusively govern and control each of the Parties respective rights and obligations regarding the subject matter of this Agreement.
To the extent that there is any conflict between this Agreement or the Basic Purchase Order Terms this Agreement controls. 

2.3 Right
to Manufacture and Sell Competitive Batteries . This Agreement does not limit Seller s right to manufacture or sell, or preclude
Seller from manufacturing or selling, to any Person, or entering into any agreement with any other Person related to the manufacture
or sale of, lithium batteries other goods or products that arc similar to or competitive with the Batteries; provided, however, while
this Agreement is in effect and during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term, Seller will not enter into any other Agreement or otherwise
sell Batteries to any third-party towable recreational vehicle manufacturer including other Thor subsidiaries (except Airstream), whether
in competition with Buyer or otherwise, without Buyer s prior written consent (for example, Forest River, Inc., Winnebago Industries,
Inc., or Alliance RV, Inc., including each such competitors subsidiaries, divisions or affiliates) for installation, application, or
use in towable recreational vehicle products. 

3. Rebates
and Incentives . 

3.1 No
rebates will be paid by Seller to Buyer during the Initial Term of this Agreement. Rebates will, however, be accrued and paid by Seller
as described below for the successive Renewal Terms. Accrued rebates will be applied monthly to the orders in the first Renewal Term
as a credit. These rebates will ONLY be applied to orders in the first Renewal Term, as follows: 

(a) 
 When
 3 million Ah are invoiced to Buyer in the Initial Term, Buyer will accrue and receive a total rebate of 42,750. 

(b) 
 Between
 3 million Ah and 4 million Ah invoiced to Buyer in the Initial Term, Buyer will accrue and receive an additional 28,500 total rebate. 

(c) 
 Between
 4 million Ah and 5 million Ah invoiced to Buyer in the Initial Term, Buyer will accrue and receive an additional 42,750 total rebate. 

(d) 
 Between
 5 million Ah and 6 million Ah invoiced to Buyer in the Initial Term, Buyer will accrue and receive an additional 57,000 total rebate. 

The
same Rebate schedule will apply for the Ah(s) invoiced to the Buyer in any Renewal Term and applied monthly to the orders in next successive
Renewal Term as a credit based upon the above schedule of invoiced Ah in each Renewal Term. For example, when 3 million Ah arc invoiced
to Buyer in the first Renewal Term, Buyer will accrue and receive a rebate of 42,750 to be applied by the Seller to the orders in the
next renewal Term. 

Rebates
will be prorated when invoiced sales fall within the target range. 

- 5 - 

3.2 Seller
will furnish, at its sole cost and expense, a point-of-sale display for each dealer that purchases twenty-seven (27) batteries. 

4. Marketing . 

4.1 Product
Branding . Batteries will be branded as Dragonfly Energy. Buyer acknowledges and agrees that Seller uses the Battle Born brand and
that Seller retains its existing OEM and aftermarket business. 

4.2 Video
Marketing . Seller will provide a film crew to support Buyer s marketing for the Batteries and participate in joint coordinated
press releases and social media posts and events to help promote the Batteries. 

4.3 Sponsorship .
Seller will sponsor at least one influencer or demo rig annually. 

4.4 Labeling .
Buyer will place a Dragonfly Inside sticker on the door of each and every unit equipped with a Dragonfly Energy battery.
The contents and graphic design of each such sticker will be mutually agreed upon by the Parties and will be produced and provided by
Seller to Buyer. 

5. Price
and Payment . 

5.1 Price .
Buyer shall purchase the Batteries from Seller at the prices set forth on Schedule l attached hereto Prices ), which is
guaranteed to remain the same by Seller for the Initial Term and will not be increased thereafter by Seller except by mutual agreement
of the Parties. Further, the Prices are subject to the Rebate schedule set forth in Section 3 above. 

5.2 Shipping
Charges, Insurance, and Taxes . All Prices are inclusive of shipping charges, insurance and Taxes related to the Batteries, and any
duties and charges of any kind imposed by any Governmental Authority with respect to, or measured by, the manufacture, sale, shipment,
or use of the Batteries (including interest and penalties thereon). 

5.3 Payment
Terms . Seller shall issue an invoice to Buyer for all Batteries setting forth in reasonable detail: (i) the list of Batteries ordered
by Buyer, (ii) the quantity of each of the Batteries ordered, (iii) the unit Price for each of the Batteries purchased, and (iv) the
total amount due and payable by the Buyer. Buyer will pay to Seller all invoiced amounts within 30 days from the date of such invoice.
Seller will provide a 1 discount for payments received within 10 days. Buyer shall make all payments in US dollars. 

6. Term;
Termination . 

6.1 Initial
Term . The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues for a period of twelve (12) months unless it is earlier
terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or applicable Law (the Initial Term ). 

- 6 - 

6.2 Renewal
Term . If the Initial Term is not terminated as provided in Section 6.l above, this Agreement will automatically renew for additional
successive twelve (12) months unless either Party provides written Notice of non-renewal at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of
the first Renewal Term. The Agreement will likewise continue for successive renewal terms, unless any Renewal Term is earlier terminated
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or applicable Law. Each Renewal Term and together with the Initial Term, is collectively
referred to as the Term ). The terms and conditions of this Agreement during the Initial Term and each such Renewal Term
will be the same as the terms in effect immediately prior to such renewal. In the event either Party provides timely Notice of their
intent not to renew this Agreement, then, unless earlier terminated in accordance with its terms, this Agreement terminates on the expiration
of the Initial Term or then-current Renewal Term, as applicable. 

6.3 Seller s
Right to Terminate . Seller may terminate this Agreement, by providing written Notice to Buyer: 

(a) 
 if
 Buyer fails to pay any amount when due under this Agreement within fifteen (l 5) days after such payment is due Payment Failure ); 

(b) 
 if
 Buyer is in breach of any representation, warranty or covenant of Buyer under this Agreement (other than committing a Payment Failure),
 and either the breach cannot be cured or, if the breach can be cured, it is not cured by Buyer within a commercially reasonable period
 of time (in no case exceeding thirty (30) days) after Buyer s receipt of written Notice of such breach; or 

(c) 
 if
 Buyer (i) becomes insolvent or is generally unable to pay, or fails to pay, its debts as they become due, (ii) files or has filed
 against it, a petition for voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or otherwise becomes subject, voluntarily or involuntarily, to any
 proceeding under any domestic or foreign bankruptcy or insolvency Law, (iii) makes or seeks to make a general assignment for the
 benefit of its creditors, or (iv) applies for or has appointed a receiver, trustee, custodian or similar agent appointed by order
 of any court of competent jurisdiction to take charge of or sell any material portion of its property or business. 

Any
termination under this Section 6.3 will be effective on Buyer s receipt of Seller s written Notice of termination or such
later date (if any) set forth in such Notice. 

6.4 Suspended
Purchasing and Buyer s Right to Terminate . Seller acknowledges that Buyer s obligation to purchase any Battery or Batteries
will be suspended in the event that (i) the Battery or Batteries, or any part thereof, is defective, or not performing or operating in
accordance with the Battery Specifications set forth on Schedule 3 or (ii) Seller breaches or fails to honor its
Warranty on the Batteries set forth in Schedule 2 . Buyer will provide notice to Seller if it elects to suspend purchasing
of the Batteries for any of the above reasons and provide Seller thirty (30) days within which to correct/cure such Battery deficiencies,
failures, or breaches (the Cure Period ). The Term will likewise be extended for the same amount of time as the Cure Period
following the purchase suspension by Buyer. In the event Seller is unable to provide a correction/cure within the thirty (30) day period
(the Cure Failure Buyer may, after the expiration of the Cure Period, immediately discontinue purchasing Batteries, terminate
this Agreement, and all obligations and this Agreement will similarly terminate immediately. Buyer will pay for all conforming product
shipped prior to termination of this Agreement. At Seller s request, Buyer will withdraw all similar Batteries from sale and, at
Seller s option, either return such Batteries to Seller or destroy the Batteries and provide Seller with written certification
of such destruction. The return or destruction of the Batteries will be at the Seller s sole cost and expense. 

- 7 - 

6.5 Effect
of Expiration or Termination . 

(a) Expiration
 or termination of the Term will not affect any rights or obligations of the Parties that: 

(i) come
 into effect upon or after termination or expiration of this Agreement; or 

(ii) were
 incurred by the Parties prior to such expiration or early termination including the provisions
 of Sections 5.2, 6.4, 9.1, 9.2, 10, 12.1, 12.2, 12.3, 13, and 16, all of which will remain
 in full force and effect and survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. 

(b) Any
 Notice of termination under this Agreement automatically operates as a cancellation of any
 deliveries of Batteries to Buyer that are scheduled to be made subsequent to the effective
 date of termination, whether or not any orders for such Batteries had been accepted by Seller. 

(c) Upon
 the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Buyer shall: 

(i) destroy
 all documents and tangible materials (and any copies) containing, reflecting, incorporating
 or based on Seller s Confidential Information; 

(ii) except
 as may otherwise be required by law to maintain, permanently erase all of Seller s
 Confidential Information from its computer systems, except for copies that are maintained
 as archive copies on its disaster recovery and/or information technology backup systems;
 and 

(iii) certify
 in writing to Seller that it has complied with the requirements of this clause. 

- 8 - 

7. Certain
Obligations of Buyer . 

7.1 Certain
Prohibited Acts . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, neither Buyer nor any Buyer Representatives shall: 

(a) make
 any representations, warranties, guarantees, indemnities, similar claims or other commitments: 

(i) actually,
 apparently or ostensibly on behalf of Seller, or 

(ii) to
 any customer or other Person with respect to the Batteries, which are additional to or inconsistent
 with any then-existing representations, warranties, guarantees, indemnities, similar claims
 or other commitments in this Agreement or any written documentation provided by Seller to
 Buyer. 

(b) engage
 in any unfair, competitive, misleading or deceptive practices respecting Seller, Seller s
 Trademarks or the Batteries, including any product disparagement; and 

(c) separate
 any software or accessories sold, bundled or packaged with any Battery from such Battery
 or sell, license or distribute such software on a standalone basis, or remove, translate
 or modify the contents or documentation of or related to such software or accessories, including
 any customer license agreements or warranty statements. 

7.2 Restrictions
on Sales or Delivery Outside the Territory . Neither Buyer nor any Buyer Representatives shall sell, offer to sell, ship or deliver
Batteries or any other products incorporating any of the Batteries outside of the Territory except in compliance with all of the terms
and conditions contained in this Section 7 and in Section 8 of this Agreement. 

7.3 Government
Contracts . Buyer shall not resell Batteries to any Governmental Authority or its respective agencies without Seller s prior
written approval. Unless otherwise separately agreed in writing between Seller and Buyer, no provisions required in any US government
contract or subcontract related thereto shall be a part of this Agreement or imposed upon or binding upon Seller, and this Agreement
shall not be deemed an acceptance of any government provisions that may be included or referenced in Buyer s request for quotation,
Purchase Order or any other document. 

7.4 Credit
Risk on Resale of the Batteries to Customers . Buyer shall be responsible for all credit risks with respect to, and for collecting
payment for, all products (including Batteries) sold to its customers or other third parties, whether or not Buyer has made full payment
to Seller for such products. The inability of Buyer to collect the purchase price for any product shall not affect Buyer s obligation
to pay Seller for any Batteries. 

8. Compliance
with Laws . The Parties will at all times comply with all Laws applicable to this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Parties will (a) at their own expense, maintain all certifications, credentials, licenses, and permits necessary to conduct
business relating to the sale, purchase, use or resale of the Batteries and (b) neither will engage in any activity or transaction involving
the Batteries, by way of resale, lease, shipment, use or otherwise, that violates any Law. 

- 9 - 

9. Representations
and Warranties . 

9.1 Buyer s
Representations and Warranties . Buyer represents and warrants to Seller that, to the best of its knowledge: 

(a) 
 it
 is a corporation, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Delaware; 

(b) 
 it
 is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which such qualification is required for purposes
 of this Agreement; 

(c) 
 it
 has the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder; 

(d) 
 the
 execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by Buyer will not violate, conflict with, require consent under or result
 in any breach or default under (i) any of Buyer s organizational documents, (ii) any applicable Law or (iii) with or without
 notice or lapse of time or both, the provisions of any Buyer Contract; 

(e) 
 this
 Agreement has been executed and delivered by Buyer and (assuming due authorization, execution, and delivery by Seller) constitutes
 the legal, valid and binding obligation of Buyer, enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its terms; 

(f) 
 it
 is in compliance with all applicable Laws and Buyer Contracts relating to this Agreement, the Batteries and the operation of its
 business; 

(g) 
 it
 has obtained all material licenses, authorizations, approvals, consents or permits required by applicable Laws to conduct its business
 generally and to perform its obligations under this Agreement; and 

(h) 
 it
 is not insolvent and is paying all of its debts as they become due; 

9.2 Limited
Product Warranty . Seller agrees that for a minimum period often (10) years from the date of purchase by the first retail owner of
a Buyer recreational vehicle equipped with the Seller Batteries (the Warranty Period ), Seller will warrant the Batteries
to the retail consumer to be free from material defect and conform in all material aspects to the specifications in Schedule 3
 and the Seller s written consumer limited warranty attached as Schedule 2 . Seller also represents that the
Batteries will be transferred to Buyer free of monetary liens, claims and encumbrances. These are the exclusive warranties provided by
Seller. ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED are disclaimed. In the event any warranty claims, repairs or issues involving
the Batteries are not covered by the Seller s Limited Warranty, the parties agree to address and administer those issues and claims
in the ordinary course of business dealings between the parties. Seller will conduct periodic line audits at Buyer facilities during
the Term and make recommendations to ensure proper installation, but validation of and responsibility for installation is Buyer s
sole responsibility and Seller is not responsible for installation protocol or errors. 

- 10 - 

9.3 Product
Warranty Limitations . Seller acknowledges that the Product Warranty does not apply to any Battery that: 

(a) 
 has
 been subjected to abuse, misuse, neglect, negligence, accident, improper testing, improper installation, improper storage, improper
 handling, abnormal physical stress, abnormal environmental conditions or use contrary to any instructions issued by Seller; 

(b) 
 has
 been reconstructed, repaired or altered by Persons other than Seller or its authorized Representative; or 

(c) 
 has
 been used with any hardware or product that has not been previously approved in writing by Seller. 

9.4 DISCLAIMER
OF OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES: NON RELIANCE. EXCEPT FOR THE PRODUCT WARRANTY SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE 2, (A) NEITHER SELLER NOR
ANY PERSON ON SELLER S BEHALF HAS MADE OR MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, EITHER ORAL OR WRITTEN,
INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, OR NON INFRINGEMENT, WHETHER ARISING BYLAW, COURSE
OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, USAGE OF TRADE OR OTHERWISE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED, AND (B) BUYER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT
IT HAS NOT RELIED UPON ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY MADE BY SELLER, OR ANY OTHER PERSON ON SELLER S BEHALF, EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 9.2 AND 9.3 OF THIS AGREEMENT. 

10. Mutual
Indemnification . Each Party (as Indemnifying Party shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other Party and its
Representatives, employees, agents, Affiliates, successors and permitted assigns (collectively, Indemnified Party against
any and all losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, claims, actions, judgments, settlements, interest, awards, penalties, fines,
costs, or expenses of whatever kind, including attorneys fees, fees and the costs of enforcing any right to indemnification under
this Agreement and the cost of pursuing any insurance providers, incurred by Indemnified Party (collectively, Losses ),
relating to any third-party Claim or any direct Claim against Indemnifying Party alleging: 

(a) any
 bodily injury, death of any Person or damage to real or tangible personal property caused
 by the acts or omissions of Indemnifying Party; or 

(b) (b)
 any failure by Indemnifying Party to materially comply with any applicable Laws. 

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, this Section 10 does not apply to any Claim (whether direct or indirect) for which a sole
or exclusive remedy is provided for under another section of this Agreement. 

- 11 - 

11. Limitation
of Liability . 

11.1 NO
LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES . EXCEPT FOR OBLIGATIONS TO MAKE PAYMENT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, LIABILITY FOR INDEMNIFICATION,
LIABILITY FOR BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY, OR LIABILITY FOR INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, IN NO EVENT
SHALL EITHER PARTY OR THEIR REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR ENHANCED
DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES OR DIMINUTION IN VALUE, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF (A)
WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE, (B) WHETHER OR NOT THE OTHER PARTY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND (C) THE
LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED, AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ANY AGREED
OR OTHER REMEDY OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. 

12. Intellectual
Property Rights . 

12.1 Ownership .
Buyer acknowledges and agrees that: 

(a) except
 to the extent provided in a separate written agreement between Buyer and Seller, Seller (or
 its licensors) will retain all Intellectual Property IP Rights used to create,
 embodied in, used in and otherwise relating to the Batteries and any of their component parts; 

(b) any
 and all Seller s Intellectual Property Rights are the sole and exclusive property of
 Seller or its licensors; 

(c) Buyer
 shall not acquire any ownership interest in any of Seller s Intellectual Property Rights
 under this Agreement; 

(d) any
 goodwill derived from the use by Buyer of Seller s Intellectual Property Rights inures
 to the benefit of Seller or its licensors, as the case may be; 

(e) if
 Buyer acquires any Intellectual Property Rights in or relating to any product (including
 any Battery) purchased under this Agreement (including any rights in any Trademarks, derivative
 works or patent improvements relating thereto), by operation of law, or otherwise, such rights
 are deemed and are hereby irrevocably assigned to Seller or its licensors, as the case may
 be, without further action by either Party; and 

(f) Buyer
 shall use Seller s Intellectual Property Rights only in accordance with this Agreement
 and any instructions of Seller. 

- 12 - 

12.2 Prohibited
Acts . Buyer shall not: 

(a) take
 any action that interferes with any of Seller s rights in or to Seller s Intellectual
 Property Rights, including Seller s ownership or exercise thereof; 

(b) challenge
 any right, title or interest of Seller in or to Seller s Intellectual Property Rights; 

(c) make
 any claim or take any action adverse to Seller s ownership of Seller s Intellectual
 Property Rights; 

(d) register
 or apply for registrations, anywhere in the world, for Seller s Trademarks or any other
 Trademark that is similar to Seller s Trademark[s] or that incorporates Seller s
 Trademarks; 

(e) use
 any mark, anywhere, that is confusingly similar to Seller s Trademarks; 

(f) engage
 in any action that tends to disparage, dilute the value of, or reflect negatively on the
 products purchased under this Agreement (including Batteries) or any Seller Trademark; 

(g) misappropriate
 any of Seller s Trademarks for use as a domain name without prior written consent from
 Seller; or 

(h) alter,
 obscure or remove any of Seller s Trademarks or trademark or copyright notices or any
 other proprietary rights notices placed on the products purchased under this Agreement (including
 Batteries), marketing materials or other materials that Seller may provide. 

12.3 Indemnification .
With Seller retaining all IP rights as described above, Seller agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold Buyer, its parent, divisions, and
affiliated companies and their respective Representatives, employees, agents, successors and permitted assigns harmless from and against
any and all liability, loss, demand, judgment, cost or expense (specifically including but not limited to attorneys fees, court
costs, damages, enhanced damages and disbursements) with respect to or as a result of any claim for violation, misappropriation and/or
infringement of any third party right (including, but not limited to patent and/or copyright infringement related to the Batteries, made
against the Buyer or their customers resulting from the use, sale, or offer to sell, the Batteries. 

- 13 - 

13. Confidentiality . 

13.1 Scope
of Confidential Information . From time to time during the Term, either Party (as the Disclosing Party may disclose
or make available to the other Party (as the Receiving Party information about its business affairs, goods and services,
Forecasts, confidential information and materials comprising or relating to Intellectual Property Rights, trade secrets, third-party
confidential information, and other sensitive or proprietary information. Such information, whether or not marked, designated or otherwise
identified as confidential, is collectively referred to as Confidential Information hereunder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include information that at the time of disclosure: 

(a) is
 or becomes generally available to and known by the public other than as a result of, directly
 or indirectly, any breach of this Section 13 by the Receiving Party or any of its Representatives; 

(b) is
 or becomes available to the Receiving Party on a non-confidential basis from a third-party
 source, provided that such third party is not and was not prohibited from disclosing such
 Confidential Information; 

(c) was
 known by or in the possession of the Receiving Party or its Representatives prior to being
 disclosed by or on behalf of the Disclosing Party; 

(d) was
 or is independently developed by the Receiving Party without reference to or use of, in whole
 or in part, any of the Disclosing Party s Confidential Information; or 

(e) is
 required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable Law. 

13.2 Protection
of Confidential Information . The Receiving Party shall, for twelve months from disclosure of such Confidential Information: 

(a) protect
 and safeguard the confidentiality of the Disclosing Party s Confidential Information
 with at least the same degree of care as the Receiving Party would protect its own Confidential
 information, but in no event with less than a commercially reasonable degree of care; 

(b) not
 use the Disclosing Party s Confidential Information, or permit it to be accessed or
 used, for any purpose other than to exercise its rights or perform its obligations under
 this Agreement; and 

(c) not
 disclose any such Confidential Information to any Person, except to the Receiving Party s
 Representatives who need to know the Confidential Information to assist the Receiving Party,
 or act on its behalf, to exercise its rights or perform its obligations under this Agreement. 

The
Receiving Party shall be responsible for any breach of this Section 13 caused by any of its Representatives. On the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement, the Receiving Party and its Representatives shall, pursuant to Section 6.5(c), promptly destroy all Confidential
Information and copies thereof that it has received under this Agreement. 

14. Tooling .
All Tooling used to manufacture the Batteries is owned by Seller Seller Tooling ). Buyer has no right, title, or interest
in or to any of the Seller Tooling. 

- 14 - 

15. Insurance .
During the Term and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, each Party shall, at its own expense, maintain and carry in full force
and effect, commercial general liability insurance (including product liability coverage) in a sum no less than 2,000,000 with financially
sound and reputable insurers, and upon other Party s reasonable request, shall provide the other Party with a certificate of insurance
evidencing the insurance coverage specified in this Section. Each Party shall provide the other Party with fifteen (15) days advance
written notice in the event of a cancellation or material change in such insurance policy. 

16. Miscellaneous . 

16.1 Further
Assurances . Upon a Party s reasonable request, the other Party shall, at its sole cost and expense, execute and deliver all
such further documents and instruments, and take all such further acts, necessary to give full effect to this Agreement. 

16.2 Relationship
of the Parties . The relationship between Seller and Buyer is solely that of vendor and vendee, and they are independent contracting
parties. Nothing in this Agreement creates any agency, joint venture, partnership or other form of joint enterprise, employment or fiduciary
relationship between the Parties. Neither Party has any express or implied right or authority to assume or create any obligations on
behalf of or in the name of the other Party or to bind the other Party to any contract, agreement or undertaking with any third party. 

16.3 Entire
Agreement . This Agreement, including and together with the Basic Purchase Order Terms, and the attached Schedules, and any related
exhibits and schedules, constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter contained herein
and therein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and
oral, with respect to such subject matter. If there is any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Thor Purchasing Policies
and Procedures, executed by the Parties simultaneously herewith, this Agreement is controlling. 

16.4 Survival .
Termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason shall not release either party from any liabilities or obligations set forth
in this Agreement which (i) the parties have expressly agreed shall survive any such termination or expiration, or (ii) remain to be
performed or by their nature would be intended to be applicable following any such termination or expiration. For example, the termination
or expiration of this Agreement will not affect any of Seller s warranties, indemnification obligations or obligations relating
to returns, or any other matters set forth in this Agreement that should survive termination or expiration in order to carry out their
intended purpose, all of which shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 

16.5 Notices .
All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers and other communications under this Agreement (each, a Notice must be in writing and addressed to the other Party at its address set forth below (or to such other address that the receiving Party
may designate from time to time in accordance with this section). All Notices must be delivered by personal delivery, nationally recognized
overnight courier or certified or registered mail (in each case, return receipt requested, postage prepaid). Except as otherwise provided
in this Agreement, a Notice is effective only (a) on receipt by the receiving Party, and (b) if the Party giving the Notice has complied
with the requirements of this Section. 

- 15 - 

Notice
 to Seller: 
 1190
 Trademark Dr Suite 108 
 Reno,
 NV 89521 

Attention:
Chief Operating Officer 

Notice
 to Buyer: 

Attention: 

16.6 Interpretation .
For purposes of this Agreement: (a) the words include, includes and including are deemed
to be followed by the words without limitation (b) the word or is not exclusive (c) the
words herein hereof hereby hereto and
 hereunder refer to this Agreement as a whole; (d) words denoting the singular have a comparable meaning when used in
the plural, and vice-versa; and (e) words denoting any gender include all genders. Unless the context otherwise requires, references
in this Agreement: (x) to sections, exhibits, schedules, attachments, and appendices mean the sections of, and exhibits, schedules,
attachments and appendices attached to, this Agreement; (y) to an agreement, instrument or other document means such agreement,
instrument or other document as amended, supplemented and modified from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions
thereof; and (z) to a statute means such statute as amended from time to time and includes any successor legislation thereto and any
regulations promulgated thereunder. The Parties drafted this Agreement without regard to any presumption or rule requiring
construction or interpretation against the Party drafting an instrument or causing any instrument to be drafted. The exhibits,
schedules, attachments and appendices referred to herein arc an integral part of this Agreement to the same extent as if they were
set forth verbatim herein. 

16.7 Headings .
The headings in this Agreement are for reference only and do not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 

16.8 Severability .
If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability
docs not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other
jurisdiction. Upon a determination that any term or provision is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the Parties shall negotiate in good
faith to modify this Agreement to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in order that the transactions contemplated
hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. 

16.9 Amendment
and Modification . No amendment to or rescission, termination or discharge of this Agreement is effective unless it is in writing,
identified as an amendment to or rescission, termination or discharge of this Agreement and signed by an authorized Representative of
each Party. 

16.10 Waiver . 

(a) No
 waiver under this Agreement is effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized
 representative of the Party waiving its right. 

- 16 - 

(b) Any
 waiver authorized on one occasion is effective only in that instance and only for the purpose
 stated, and does not operate as a waiver on any future occasion. 

(c) None
 of the following constitutes a waiver or estoppel of any right, remedy, power, privilege
 or condition arising from this Agreement: 

(i) any
 failure or delay in exercising any right, remedy, power or privilege or in enforcing any
 condition under this Agreement; or 

(ii) any
 act, omission or course of dealing between the Parties. 

16.11 Cumulative
Remedies . All rights and remedies provided in this Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive, and the exercise by either Party of
any right or remedy does not preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies that may now or subsequently be available at law,
in equity, by statute, in any other agreement between the Parties or otherwise. 

16.12 Assignment .
Seller may not assign this Agreement during the Term without Buyer s prior written consent (which shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) as this Agreement is personal in nature and Buyer entered into this Agreement based on the anticipated
performance by Seller. Buyer may not assign any of its rights or delegate any of its obligations under this Agreement without the
prior written consent of Seller (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) as this Agreement is personal in nature and
Seller entered into this Agreement based on the anticipated performance by Buyer. No assignment or delegation relieves the assigning
or delegating Party of any of its obligations under this Agreement. 

16.13 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement benefits solely the parties to this Agreement and their respective permitted successors
and assigns and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, confers on any other Person any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy
of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 

16.14 Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which is deemed an original, but all of which together are deemed to be one and
the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission is deemed
to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement. 

16.15 No
Public Announcements or Trademark Use . Unless expressly permitted under this Agreement, neither Party will: 

(a) make
 any statement (whether oral or in writing) in any press release, external advertising, marketing
 or promotion materials regarding the subject matter of this Agreement, unless: 

(i) it
 has received the express written consent of the other Party, or 

(ii) it
 is required to do so by Law or under the rules of any stock exchange to which it is subject. 

(b) use
 the other Party s Trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, symbols or brand names,
 in each case, without the prior written consent of the other Party. 

- 17 - 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 

Dragonfly
 Energy Corp. 

By:
 
 /s/ Denis Phares 

Name: 
 Denis Phares 

Title:

CEO 

Keystone
 RV Company 

By:
 
 /s/ Jeff Runels 

Name:
 
 Jeff Runels 

Title:
 
 CEO 

- 18 - 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.30>
 8
 ex10-30.htm

Exhibit 10.30 

ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

between 

BOURNS
PRODUCTIONS, INC. 

and 

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY CORP. 

dated
as of 

January
1, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE
 I PURCHASE AND SALE 
 1 

Section
 1.01 
 Purchase
 and Sale of Assets 
 1 

Section
 1.02 
 No
 Liabilities 
 1 

Section
 1.03 
 Purchase
 Price 
 1 

Section
 1.04 
 Allocation
 of Purchase Price 
 1 

Section
 1.05 
 Withholding
 Tax 
 1 
 
 ARTICLE
 II CLOSING 
 2 

Section
 2.01 
 Closing 
 2 

Section
 2.02 
 Closing
 Deliverables 
 2 
 
 ARTICLE
 III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER 
 2 

Section
 3.01 
 Organization
 and Authority of Seller; Enforceability 
 3 

Section
 3.02 
 No
 Conflicts; Consents 
 3 

Section
 3.03 
 Title
 to Purchased Assets 
 3 

Section
 3.04 
 Condition
 of Assets 
 3 

Section
 3.05 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 3 

Section
 3.06 
 Brokers 
 3 

Section
 3.07 
 Full
 Disclosure 
 4 
 
 ARTICLE
 IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER 
 4 

Section
 4.01 
 Organization
 and Authority of Buyer; Enforceability 
 4 

Section
 4.02 
 No
 Conflicts; Consents 
 4 

Section
 4.03 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 4 

Section
 4.04 
 Brokers 
 4 
 
 ARTICLE
 V COVENANTS 
 4 

Section
 5.01 
 Public
 Announcements 
 4 

Section
 5.02 
 Transfer
 Taxes 
 5 

Section
 5.03 
 Further
 Assurances 
 5 
 
 ARTICLE
 VI INDEMNIFICATION 
 5 

Section
 6.01 
 Survival 
 5 

Section
 6.02 
 Indemnification
 By Seller 
 5 

Section
 6.03 
 Tax
 Treatment of Indemnification Payments 
 5 

Section
 6.04 
 Effect
 of Investigation 
 5 

Section
 6.05 
 Cumulative
 Remedies 
 5 
 
 ARTICLE
 VII MISCELLANEOUS 
 6 

Section
 7.01 
 Expenses 
 6 

Section
 7.02 
 Notices 
 6 

Section
 7.03 
 Headings 
 6 

Section
 7.04 
 Severability 
 6 

Section
 7.05 
 Entire
 Agreement 
 6 

Section
 7.06 
 Successors
 and Assigns 
 6 

Section
 7.07 
 No
 Third-party Beneficiaries 
 7 

Section
 7.08 
 Amendment
 and Modification 
 7 

Section
 7.09 
 Waiver 
 7 

Section
 7.10 
 Governing
 Law 
 7 

Section
 7.11 
 Submission
 to Jurisdiction 
 7 

Section
 7.12 
 Waiver
 of Jury Trial 
 7 

Section
 7.13 
 Specific
 Performance 
 7 

Section
 7.14 
 Counterparts 
 7 

i 

ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This
Asset Purchase Agreement (this Agreement ), dated as of January 1, 2022, is entered into between Bourns Productions, Inc.,
a Nevada corporation Seller and Dragonfly Energy Corp., a Nevada corporation Buyer ). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS,
Seller wishes to sell to Buyer, and Buyer wishes to purchase from Seller, the rights of Seller to the Purchased Assets (as defined herein),
subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein; 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
I 
PURCHASE AND SALE 

Section
1.01 Purchase and Sale of Assets. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Seller shall sell, assign, transfer, convey
and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase from Seller, all of Seller s right, title and interest in the assets set forth on
Section 1.01 of the disclosure schedule Disclosure Schedule attached hereto (the Purchased Assets ), free
and clear of any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, security interest, claim or other encumbrance Encumbrance ). 

Section
1.02 No Liabilities. Buyer shall not assume any liabilities or obligations of Seller of any kind, whether known or unknown, contingent,
matured or otherwise, whether currently existing or hereinafter created. 

Section
1.03 Purchase Price. The aggregate purchase price for the Purchased Assets shall be 196,866.20 (the Purchase Price ).
The Buyer shall pay the Purchase Price to Seller at the Closing (as defined herein) in cash, by wire transfer of immediately available
funds in accordance with the wire transfer instructions set forth in Section 1.03 of the Disclosure Schedules. 

Section
1.04 Allocation of Purchase Price. Seller and Buyer agree to allocate the Purchase Price among the Purchased Assets for all purposes
(including tax and financial accounting) in accordance with Section 1.04 of the Disclosure Schedules. Buyer and Seller shall file all
tax returns (including amended returns and claims for refund) and information reports in a manner consistent with such allocation. 

Section
1.05 Withholding Tax. Buyer shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the Purchase Price all taxes that Buyer may be required
to deduct and withhold under any applicable tax law. All such withheld amounts shall be treated as delivered to Seller hereunder. 

ARTICLE
II 
CLOSING 

Section
2.01 Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall take place simultaneously
with the execution of this Agreement on the date of this Agreement (the Closing Date at the offices of Dragonfly Energy
Corp, 1190 Trademark Drive, #108, Reno, Nevada 89521. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be deemed
to occur at 12:01 a.m. on the Closing Date. 

Section
2.02 Closing Deliverables. 

(a) At
the Closing, Seller shall deliver to Buyer the following: 

(i) a
bill of sale in the form of Exhibit A hereto (the Bill of Sale and duly executed by Seller, transferring the Purchased
Assets to Buyer; 

(ii) an
assignment and assumption agreement in the form of Exhibit B hereto (the Assignment and Assumption Agreement and duly
executed by Seller, effecting the assignment to and assumption by Buyer of the Purchased Assets and the Assumed Liabilities; 

(iii) an
Assignment and Assumption of Lease in form and substance satisfactory to Buyer (the Assignment and Assumption of Lease and duly executed by Seller; 

(iv) a
certificate pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1445-2(b) that Seller is not a foreign person within the meaning of Section 1445
of the Internal Revenue Code duly executed by Seller; 

(v) such
other customary instruments of transfer, assumption, filings or documents, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer, as
may be required to give effect to this Agreement; and 

(b) At
the Closing, Buyer shall deliver to Seller the following: 

(i) the
Purchase Price; 

(ii) the
Assignment and Assumption Agreement duly executed by Buyer; 

(iii) the
Assignment and Assumption of Lease duly executed by Buyer; and 

ARTICLE
III 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER 

Seller
represents and warrants to Buyer that the statements contained in this Article III are true and correct as of the date hereof. For purposes
of this Article III, Seller s knowledge, knowledge of Seller and any similar phrases shall mean the
actual or constructive knowledge of any director or officer of Seller, after due inquiry. 

- 2 - 

Section
3.01 Organization and Authority of Seller; Enforceability. Seller is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Nevada. Seller has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the documents
to be delivered hereunder, to carry out its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution,
delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of Seller. This Agreement and the documents
to be delivered hereunder have been duly executed and delivered by Seller, and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by
Buyer) this Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of Seller, enforceable
against Seller in accordance with their respective terms. 

Section
3.02 No Conflicts; Consents. The execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement and the documents to be delivered
hereunder, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, do not and will not: (a) violate or conflict with the certificate
of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational documents of Seller; (b) violate or conflict with any judgment, order, decree, statute,
law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Seller or the Purchased Assets; (c) conflict with, or result in (with or without notice
or lapse of time or both) any violation of, or default under, or give rise to a right of termination, acceleration or modification of
any obligation or loss of any benefit under any contract or other instrument to which Seller is a party or to which any of the Purchased
Assets are subject; or (d) result in the creation or imposition of any Encumbrance on the Purchased Assets. No consent, approval, waiver
or authorization is required to be obtained by Seller from any person or entity (including any governmental authority) in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section
3.03 Title to Purchased Assets. Seller owns and has good title to the Purchased Assets, free and clear of Encumbrances. 

Section
3.04 Condition of Assets. The Purchased Assets are in good condition and are adequate for the uses to which they are being put,
and none of such Purchased Assets are in need of maintenance or repairs except for ordinary, routine maintenance and repairs that are
not material in nature or cost. 

Section
3.05 Legal Proceedings. There is no claim, action, suit, proceeding or governmental investigation Action of any
nature pending or, to Seller s knowledge, threatened against or by Seller (a) relating to or affecting the Purchased Assets or
the Assumed Liabilities; or (b) that challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin or otherwise delay the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. No event has occurred or circumstances exist that may give rise to, or serve as a basis for, any such Action. 

Section
3.06 Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder s or other fee or commission in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Seller. 

- 3 - 

Section
3.07 Full Disclosure. No representation or warranty by Seller in this Agreement and no statement contained in the Disclosure Schedules
to this Agreement or any certificate or other document furnished or to be furnished to Buyer pursuant to this Agreement contains any
untrue statement of a material fact, or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein, in light of
the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading. 

ARTICLE
IV 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER 

Buyer
represents and warrants to Seller that the statements contained in this Article IV are true and correct as of the date hereof. For purposes
of this Article IV, Buyer s knowledge, knowledge of Buyer and any similar phrases shall mean the actual
or constructive knowledge of any director or officer of Buyer, after due inquiry. 

Section
4.01 Organization and Authority of Buyer; Enforceability. Buyer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Nevada. Buyer has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the documents
to be delivered hereunder, to carry out its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution,
delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of Buyer. This Agreement and the documents
to be delivered hereunder have been duly executed and delivered by Buyer, and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by
Seller) this Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of Buyer enforceable
against Buyer in accordance with their respective terms. 

Section
4.02 No Conflicts; Consents. The execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement and the documents to be delivered
hereunder, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, do not and will not: (a) violate or conflict with the certificate
of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational documents of Buyer; or (b) violate or conflict with any judgment, order, decree, statute,
law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Buyer. No consent, approval, waiver or authorization is required to be obtained by Buyer
from any person or entity (including any governmental authority) in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by Buyer
of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section
4.03 Legal Proceedings. There is no Action of any nature pending or, to Buyer s knowledge, threatened against or by Buyer
that challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin or otherwise delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No event has occurred
or circumstances exist that may give rise to, or serve as a basis for, any such Action. 

Section
4.04 Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder s or other fee or commission in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Buyer. 

ARTICLE
V 
COVENANTS 

Section
5.01 Public Announcements. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, neither party shall make any public announcements regarding
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby without the prior written consent of the other party (which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

- 4 - 

Section
5.02 Transfer Taxes. All transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration, value added and other such taxes and fees (including
any penalties and interest) incurred in connection with this Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder shall be borne and
paid by Seller when due. Seller shall, at its own expense, timely file any tax return or other document with respect to such taxes or
fees (and Buyer shall cooperate with respect thereto as necessary). 

Section
5.03 Further Assurances. Following the Closing, each of the parties hereto shall execute and deliver such additional documents,
instruments, conveyances and assurances and take such further actions as may be reasonably required to carry out the provisions hereof
and give effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder. 

ARTICLE
VI 
INDEMNIFICATION 

Section
6.01 Survival. All representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein and all related rights to indemnification
shall survive the Closing. 

Section
6.02 Indemnification By Seller. Seller shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Buyer, its affiliates and their respective stockholders,
directors, officers and employees from and against all claims, judgments, damages, liabilities, settlements, losses, costs and expenses,
including attorneys fees and disbursements, arising from or relating to: 

(a) any
inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement or any document to be delivered
hereunder; or 

(b) any
breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant, agreement or obligation to be performed by Seller pursuant to this Agreement or any document
to be delivered hereunder. 

Section
6.03 Tax Treatment of Indemnification Payments. All indemnification payments made by Seller under this Agreement shall be treated
by the parties as an adjustment to the Purchase Price for tax purposes, unless otherwise required by law. 

Section
6.04 Effect of Investigation. Buyer s right to indemnification or other remedy based on the representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements of Seller contained herein will not be affected by any investigation conducted by Buyer with respect to, or
any knowledge acquired by Buyer at any time, with respect to the accuracy or inaccuracy of or compliance with, any such representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement. 

Section
6.05 Cumulative Remedies. The rights and remedies provided in this Article VI are cumulative and are in addition to and not in
substitution for any other rights and remedies available at law or in equity or otherwise. 

- 5 - 

ARTICLE
VII 
MISCELLANEOUS 

Section
7.01 Expenses. All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall
be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses. 

Section
7.02 Notices. All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been given (a) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (b) when received by the addressee
if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (c) on the date sent by facsimile or e-mail of a PDF document
(with confirmation of transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next business day if sent after
normal business hours of the recipient; or (d) on the third day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must be sent to the respective parties at the following addresses (or at such other address
for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 7.02): 

If
 to Seller: 
 Bourns
 Productions, Inc. 

E-mail:

Attention: 

If
 to Buyer: 
 Dragonfly
 Energy Corp. 

1190
 Trademark Drive #108 

Reno,
 NV 89521 

E-mail:
 nharvey@dragonflyenergy.com 

Attention:
 Nicole Harvey, General Counsel 

Section
7.03 Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 

Section
7.04 Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity,
illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such
term or provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Section
7.05 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder constitute the sole and entire agreement of
the parties to this Agreement with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings
and agreements, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. In the event of any inconsistency between the statements
in the body of this Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder, the Exhibits and Disclosure Schedules (other than an exception
expressly set forth as such in the Disclosure Schedules), the statements in the body of this Agreement will control. 

- 6 - 

Section
7.06 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. Neither party may assign its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No assignment shall relieve the assigning party of any
of its obligations hereunder. 

Section
7.07 No Third-party Beneficiaries. Except as provided in Article VI, this Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto
and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any
other person or entity any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 

Section
7.08 Amendment and Modification. This Agreement may only be amended, modified or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed
by each party hereto. 

Section
7.09 Waiver. No waiver by any party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing
and signed by the party so waiving. No waiver by any party shall operate or be construed as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach
or default not expressly identified by such written waiver, whether of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before
or after that waiver. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this Agreement
shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. 

Section
7.10 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada
without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Nevada or any other jurisdiction). 

Section
7.11 Submission to Jurisdiction. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America or the courts of the State of Nevada in each
case located in the city of Reno and county of Washoe, and each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts
in any such suit, action or proceeding. 

Section
7.12 Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party acknowledges and agrees that any controversy which may arise under this Agreement is likely
to involve complicated and difficult issues and, therefore, each such party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right it may have
to a trial by jury in respect of any legal action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section
7.13 Specific Performance. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed
in accordance with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to
any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. 

Section
7.14 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means
of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement. 

- 7 - 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above by their respective
officers thereunto duly authorized. 

BOURNS
 PRODUCTIONS, INC. 

By:
 
 /s/ Tyler Bourns 

Name: 
 Tyler Bourns 

Title: 
 President 

DRAGONFLY
 ENERGY CORP. 

B
By: 
 /s/ Denis Phares 

Name: 
 Denis Phares 

Title: 
 CEO 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-10.31>
 9
 ex10-31.htm

Exhibit
10.31 

ASSIGNMENT
AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 

This
Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the Agreement ), effective as of January 1, 2022 (the Effective Date ),
is by and between Bourns Productions, Inc., a Nevada corporation Seller ), and Dragonfly Energy Corp., a Nevada corporation Buyer ). 

WHEREAS,
Seller and Buyer have entered into a certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2021 (the Purchase Agreement ),
pursuant to which, among other things, Seller has agreed to assign all of its rights, title and interests in, and Buyer has agreed to
assume all of Seller s duties and obligations under, the Starr Insurance Policy No. Assigned Contract ). 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, terms and conditions set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Definitions .
All capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not otherwise defined herein are given the meanings set forth in the Purchase
Agreement. 

2. Assignment
and Assumption . Seller hereby sells, assigns, grants, conveys and transfers to Buyer all of Seller s right, title and interest
in and to the Assigned Contract. Buyer hereby accepts such assignment and assumes all of Seller s duties and obligations under
the Assigned Contract and agrees to pay, perform and discharge, as and when due, all of the obligations of Seller under the Assigned
Contract accruing on and after the Effective Date. 

3. Terms
of the Purchase Agreement . The terms of the Purchase Agreement, including, but not limited to, the representations, warranties, covenants,
agreements and indemnities relating to the Assigned Contract are incorporated herein by this reference. The parties hereto acknowledge
and agree that the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and indemnities contained in the Purchase Agreement shall not be
superseded hereby but shall remain in full force and effect to the full extent provided therein. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency
between the terms of the Purchase Agreement and the terms hereof, the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall govern. 

4. Governing
Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada. 

5. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall be deemed
to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, email or other means of electronic transmission
shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have
executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first above written. 

BOURNS
 PRODUCTIONS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Tyler Bourns 

Name: 
 Tyler
 Bourns 

Title: 
 President 

DRAGONFLY
 ENERGY CORP. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Denis Phares 

Name: 
 Denis
 Phares 

Title: 
 CEO 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 10
 ex10-32.htm

Exhibit 10.32 

ASSIGNMENT
AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASE AGREEMENT 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, Bourns Productions, Inc., a Nevada corporation Assignor hereby assigns, conveys, transfers, and sets
over to Dragonfly Energy Corp., a Nevada corporation Assignee ), its successors and assigns, all of Assignor s right,
title, and interest in, to, and under that certain Commercial Lease dated as of September 4, 2015 (as amended, the Lease made by and between Los Angeles 1nm Steel Company, as successor in interest to Meiser Enterprises, as landlord, Landlord and Assignor, as tenant. covering Suite 3 in the property located at 320 Western Road, Reno, Nevada 89506, together with all options,
rights, contracts, licenses, permits, deposits, and profits appurtenant to or related to the Lease. This Assignment and Assumption of
Lease Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of that certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated January 1, 2022 between Bourns
Productions, Inc. and Dragonfly, Energy Corp. (the Purchase Agreement ). 

Assignee
hereby accepts the foregoing assignment and assumes all of the obligations of Assignor as tenant under the Lease accruing from and after
the date hereof and agrees, for the benefit of Assignor, its successors and assigns, and for the benefit or Landlord, its successors
and assigns, to pay, perform, discharge when due, and otherwise satisfy in due course all of such obligations and liabilities of the
tenant under and in accordance with the provisions of the Lease. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Assignor and Assignee have duly executed this Assignment and Assumption of Lease Agreement as of January I, 2022. 

LANDLORD: 
 
 ASSIGNOR: 

In
 accordance with Section 5 of the Lease, Landlord hereby consents in writing to this Assignment. 
 
 BOURNS PRODUCTIONS. INC.. a Nevada 
 corporation, 

LOS
 ANGELES IRON STEEL CO. 

By: 
 /s/Mary
 Watkins 
 
 By: 
 /s/
 Tyler Bourns 
 
 Name: 
 Mary
 Watkins 
 
 Name: 
 Tyler
 Bourns 
 
 Title: 
 Executive
 VP 
 
 Title: 
 President 

ASSIGNEE: 

DRAGONFLY
 ENERGY CORP., a Nevada 

Corporation, 

By: 
 /s/
 Denis Phares 

Name: 
 Denis
 Phares 

Title: 
 CEO 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.33>
 11
 ex10-33.htm

Exhibit 10.33 

INDUSTRIAL
LEASE 

THIS
LEASE is made as of this 25 th day of April, 2019 (the Lease Date by and between THE NORTHWESTERN
MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY , a Wisconsin corporation Landlord ), dba Sparks Industrial, and DRAGONFLY ENERGY
CORP. , a Nevada corporation Tenant ). 

BASIC
LEASE INFORMATION 

LANDLORD: 
 
 The
 Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, a Wisconsin corporation, dba Sparks Industrial 

TENANT: 
 
 Dragonfly
 Energy Corp., a Nevada corporation 

LANDLORD S
 NOTICE ADDRESS: 
 
 Advisors
 Commercial Real Estate 
 
 Attention: 
 
 with
 a copy to: 
 
 The
 Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company 
 
 Attention: 

TENANT S
 NOTICE ADDRESS: 
 
 Dragonfly
 Energy Corp. 

Attention:
 Denis Phares 

PROJECT: 
 
 Greg
 Park 

BUILDTNG
 DESCRIPTION: 
 
 A
 45,000 square foot building located at 1355 Greg Street, Sparks, Nevada, commonly known as Building C, as shown outlined
 in blue on Exhibit A . 

PREMISES: 
 
 A
 15,200 square foot area located at 1355 Greg Street, Suites 101-102, Sparks, Nevada, as shown outlined in red on Exhibit A 
 and as more particularly depicted on Exhibit A-1 . 

PERMITTED
 USE: 
 
 Warehousing,
 distribution and assembly of lithium battery packs, sales of lithium batteries and electronics accessories and incidental general
 office use relating thereto (in no event shall Tenant use the Premises for manufacturing) and for no other purpose. 

PARKING
 ALLOCATION: 
 
 Sixteen
 (16) unreserved spaces 

ESTIMATED
 TERM COMMENCEMENT DATE: 
 
 May
 1, 2019 

LENGTH
 OF TERM: 
 
 Sixty
 (60) months 

BASE
RENT: 

Months 
 Per
 Square Foot Rental Rate 
 Monthly
 Base Rent 
 
 1
 12 
 0.6500 
 9,880.00 
 
 13
 24 
 0.6695 
 10,176.40 
 
 25
 36 
 0.6896 
 10,481.69 
 
 37
 48 
 0.7103 
 10,796.14 
 
 49
 60 
 0.7316 
 11,120.03 

SECURITY
 DEPOSIT: 
 
 13,704.03 

TENANT S
 PROPORTIONATE SHARE OF BUILDING: 
 
 33.78 

ESTIMATED
 FIRST YEAR OPERATING COST: 
 
 2,584.00
 per month 0.17 PSF) 

LIABILITY
 INSURANCE LIMITS: 
 
 3,000,000
 per occurrence; 5,000,000 annual aggregate 

TENANT
 IMPROVEMENT ALLOWANCE: 
 
 See
 Section 2(c) 

BROKERS: 
 
 Kidder
 Mathews representing both Landlord and Tenant 

The
foregoing Basic Lease Information is incorporated into and made part of this Lease. Each reference in this Lease to any of the Basic
Lease Information shall mean the respective information above and shall be construed to incorporate all of the terms provided under the
particular Lease paragraph pertaining to such information. In the event of any conflict between the Basic Lease Information and the Lease,
the Basic Lease Information shall control. 

[ REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ] 

By
signing this Lease below, Landlord and Tenant agree to all the terms set forth in the Basic Lease Information above and all the General
Lease Terms set forth in the provisions that follow on the succeeding pages, including all referenced Exhibits. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Lease on the dates set forth below, to be effective as of the Lease Date set forth in
the preamble paragraph above. 

LANDLORD: 
 
 TENANT: 

THE
 NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL LIFE 
 
 DRAGONFLY
 ENERGY CORP., 

INSURANCE
 COMPANY, 
 
 a
 Nevada corporation 

a
 Wisconsin corporation 

By: 
 Northwestern
 Mutual Investment 
 
 By: 
 /s/
 Denis Phares 

Management
 Company, LLC, 

Denis
 Phares, CEO 

a
 Delaware limited liability company, 

its
 wholly-owned affiliate 
 
 Date
 of Execution: April 26 , 2019 

By: 
 /s/
 Ryan Lance 

Ryan
 Lance 

Director-Asset
 Management 

Date
 of Execution: April 29 , 2019 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

1. 
 PREMISES 
 1 

2 . 
 POSSESSION
 AND LEASE COMMENCEMENT 
 1 

3 . 
 TERM 
 2 

4 . 
 USE 
 2 

5 . 
 RULES
 AND REGULATIONS 
 3 

6 . 
 RENT 
 3 

7 . 
 BASIC
 OPERATING COST 
 4 

8 . 
 INSURANCE 
 7 

9 . 
 INDEMNIFICATION,
 WAIVER AND RELEASE 
 9 

10. 
 LANDLORD S
 REPAIRS AND SERVICES 
 10 

11. 
 TENANT S
 REPAIRS 
 11 

12. 
 ALTERATIONS 
 12 

13. 
 LIENS 
 12 

14. 
 SIGNS 
 13 

15. 
 LANDLORD S
 ACCESS 
 13 

16. 
 UTILITIES 
 14 

17. 
 SUBORDINATION 
 14 

18. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENT 
 15 

19. 
 ESTOPPEL
 CERTIFICATE 
 15 

20. 
 SECURITY
 DEPOSIT 
 15 

21. 
 ASSIGNMENT
 AND SUBLETTING 
 16 

22. 
 CONDEMNATION 
 17 

23. 
 CASUALTY
 DAMAGE 
 18 

24. 
 HOLDING
 OVER 
 19 

i 

25. 
 DEFAULT 
 19 

26 . 
 LATE
 CHARGE 
 22 

27 . 
 LANDLORD
 DEFAULT 
 22 

28 . 
 TENANT S
 REMEDIES 
 22 

29 . 
 TRANSFERS
 BY LANDLORD 
 23 

30 . 
 RIGHT
 OF LANDLORD TO PERFORM TENANT S COVENANTS 
 23 

31 . 
 HAZARDOUS
 MATERIALS 
 23 

32 . 
 WAIVER 
 26 

33 . 
 SURRENDER
 OF PREMISES 
 27 

34. 
 NOTICES 
 27 

35 . 
 ATTORNEYS 
 FEES 
 28 

36 . 
 AUTHORITY
 OF PARTIES 
 28 

37 . 
 SUCCESSORS
 AND ASSIGNS 
 28 

38 . 
 FORCE
 MAJEURE 
 28 

39 . 
 BROKERAGE
 COMMISSION 
 28 

40 . 
 WAIVER
 OF TRIAL BY JURY 
 29 

41 . 
 SUBSTITUTION
 OF PREMISES 
 29 

42 . 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 29 

Exhibits : 

Exhibit
 A 
 Site
 Plan Showing Premises and Building 

Exhibit
 A-1 
 Diagram
 of Premises 

Exhibit
 B 
 Tenant
 Questionnaire Regarding Use of Premises 

Exhibit
 B-1 
 Chart
 Listing Stored Products 

Exhibit
 C 
 Rules
 and Regulations 

Exhibit
 D 
 Option
 to Renew 

ii 

GENERAL
LEASE TERMS 

1. PREMISES 

Landlord
leases to Tenant and Tenant leases from Landlord, upon the terms and conditions hereinabove and hereinafter set forth, those premises
(the Premises outlined in red on Exhibit A and more fully described in the Basic Lease Information. The
Premises are a part of the building described in the Basic Lease Information (the Building (outlined in blue on
 Exhibit A and a part of the project identified in the Basic Lease Information which consists of more than one building (the Project ).
The Premises and the Building are stipulated for all purposes of this Lease to contain the square footage set forth in the Basic Lease
Information. 

2. POSSESSION
 AND LEASE COMMENCEMENT 

(a) Term
Commencement Date . The term commencement date (the Term Commencement Date shall be the date on which Landlord
delivers possession of the Premises to Tenant, which is estimated to occur on the Estimated Term Commencement Date set forth in the Basic
Lease Information. If for any reason Landlord cannot deliver possession of the Premises to Tenant on the Estimated Term Commencement
Date, Landlord shall not be subject to any liability therefor, nor shall Landlord be in default hereunder, and Tenant agrees to accept
possession of the Premises at such time as Landlord is able to deliver the same, which date shall then be deemed the Term Commencement
Date. Tenant shall not be liable for any Rent for any period prior to the Term Commencement Date. Tenant shall, upon demand, execute
and deliver to Landlord a letter of acceptance of delivery of the Premises, which shall confirm the Term Commencement Date and such other
details of the Lease as Landlord shall reasonably require. 

(b) As
Is; Warranty . Tenant acknowledges that Tenant has inspected and accepts the Premises in its present condition, broom clean, AS
IS, and suitable for the purpose for which the Premises are leased. Tenant agrees that said Premises is in good and satisfactory
condition as of when possession was taken. Tenant further acknowledges that no representations as to the condition or repair of the Premises
nor promises to alter, remodel or improve the Premises have been made by Landlord. Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, Landlord
warrants that for ninety (90) days following the Term Commencement Date (the Warranty Period ), the existing heating,
electrical, plumbing and mechanical systems located in and serving the Premises shall be in good operating condition. Landlord shall
repair any defective or malfunctioning aspect of such systems of which Landlord has received written notice from Tenant describing the
failure or malfunction within the Warranty Period. 

(c) Tenant
Improvement Allowance . Subject to the terms hereof, Landlord shall grant Tenant an allowance of up to 15,200.00 (the Tenant
Improvement Allowance towards the cost of performing certain improvements to be made in and to the Premises by Tenant, which
improvements shall be subject to Landlord s prior written consent. All such improvements shall be performed by a general contractor
and subcontractors approved by Landlord and otherwise in compliance with Paragraph 12 of this Lease. Upon completion of such improvements,
Tenant shall submit to Landlord a request for reimbursement for the cost of such improvements up to the amount of the Tenant Improvement
Allowance, accompanied by documentation evidencing the cost of the materials and labor performed for the improvements to the Premises
and, if required by Landlord, evidence of payment of such amounts and final, unconditional lien waivers in connection therewith. Tenant
shall submit its request for reimbursement to Landlord within twelve (12) months following the date of mutual execution of this Lease.
Landlord shall not be obligated to make any reimbursement with respect to a request received after such date. Any portion of the Tenant
Improvement Allowance not timely used by Tenant shall be forfeited. Under no circumstances shall Landlord be obligated to fund any portion
of the Tenant Improvement Allowance when an event of default occurs (or is occurring) under this Lease. The Tenant Improvement Allowance
may only be used toward the cost of design and construction of permanent physical improvements to the Premises and may not be used for
Tenant s furniture, fixtures, equipment or other personal property. 

3. TERM 

The
Term of this Lease shall commence on the Term Commencement Date and continue in full force and effect for the number of months specified
as the Length of Term in the Basic Lease Information or until this Lease is terminated or further extended as otherwise provided herein.
If the Term Commencement Date is a date other than the first day of a calendar month, the Term shall be the number of months of the Length
of Term in addition to the remainder of the calendar month following the Term Commencement Date. 

4. USE 

(a) General .
Tenant shall use the Premises for the Permitted Use set forth in the Basic Lease Information and for no other use or purpose. In all
events, Tenant s use shall be in compliance with all applicable Regulations (as defined in Paragraph 4(c) below). Tenant shall
control Tenant s employees, agents, customers, visitors, invitees, licensees, contractors, assignees and subtenants (collectively,
 Tenant s Parties in such a manner that Tenant and Tenant s Parties cumulatively do not exceed the Parking
Allocation set forth in the Basic Lease Information at any time. Tenant and Tenant s Parties shall have the nonexclusive right
to use, in common with other parties occupying the Building or Project, the parking areas, driveways and sidewalks of the Project, subject
to the rules and regulations attached hereto as Exhibit C . Tenant expressly acknowledges that Landlord does not provide on-site
security personnel for Tenant s Premises. 

(b) Limitations .
Tenant shall not permit any odors, smoke, dust, gas, substances, noise or vibrations to emanate from the Premises, nor take any action
which would constitute a nuisance or would disturb, obstruct or endanger any other tenants of the Building or Project or interfere with
their use of their respective premises. Storage outside the Premises of materials, vehicles or any other items is prohibited. Tenant
shall not use or allow the Premises to be used for any improper, immoral, unlawful or objectionable purpose, nor shall Tenant cause or
maintain or permit any nuisance in, on or about the Premises. Tenant shall not commit or suffer the commission of any waste in, on or
about the Premises. Tenant shall not use the Premises for retail purposes. Tenant shall not allow any sale by auction upon the Premises,
or place any loads upon the floors, walls or ceilings that endanger the structure, or place any harmful liquids in the drainage system
of the Building or Project. No waste materials or refuse shall be dumped upon or permitted to remain outside the Premises except in trash
containers placed inside exterior enclosures designed for that purpose by Landlord. Landlord shall not be responsible to Tenant for the
non-compliance by any other tenant or occupant of the Building or Project with any of the above-referenced rules or any other terms or
provisions of such tenant s lease or other contract. 

- 2 - 

(c) Compliance
with Regulations . By entering the Premises, Tenant accepts the Premises in the condition existing as of the date of such entry, subject
to all existing and future municipal, state, federal and other governmental statutes, regulations, laws and ordinances applicable thereto,
including (i) zoning ordinances, (ii) regulations governing and relating to the use, occupancy and possession of the Premises, including
without limitation the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, (iii) regulations governing and relating to the use, storage, generation
and disposal of Hazardous Materials (as defined in Paragraph 31 below) in, on and under the Premises and (iv) any conditions, covenants
and restrictions recorded against the Building or Project (all of the foregoing, including (i) through (iv) above, collectively, the
 Regulations ). Except for pre-existing violations, Tenant shall, at Tenant s sole expense, strictly comply
with all Regulations now in force or which may hereafter be in force relating to the Premises and the use of the Premises and/or the
use, storage, generation of Hazardous Materials in, on and under the Premises. Tenant shall at its sole cost and expense obtain any and
all licenses or permits necessary for Tenant s use of the Premises. Tenant acknowledges that it will be wholly responsible for
any accommodations or alterations which need to be made to the Premises to accommodate disabled employees or customers of Tenant. Tenant
shall promptly comply with the requirements of any board of fire underwriters or other similar body now or hereafter constituted. Tenant
shall indemnify, defend, protect and hold Landlord, Landlord s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Landlord s agents (including the
manager of the Project), employees, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, contractors and lenders, and their respective successors
and assigns (collectively, the Landlord Indemnitees ), harmless from and against any loss, cost, expense, damage,
attorneys fees or liability arising out of the failure of Tenant to comply with any applicable Regulation or to comply with the
requirements as set forth herein. Tenant s obligations pursuant to the foregoing indemnity shall survive the termination of this
Lease. 

5. RULES
 AND REGULATIONS 

Tenant
shall faithfully observe and comply with the rules and regulations set forth in Exhibit C , as well as any that Landlord may from
time to time prescribe in writing for the purpose of maintaining the proper care, cleanliness, safety, traffic flow and general order
of the Premises or Project. Tenant shall cause Tenant s Parties to comply with such rules and regulations. Landlord shall not be
responsible to Tenant for the noncompliance by any other tenant or occupant of the Building or Project with any of the rules and regulations. 

6. RENT 

(a) Base
Rent . Tenant shall pay to Landlord, without notice or demand, throughout the Term, Base Rent as specified in the Basic Lease Information,
payable in monthly installments in advance on or before the first day of each calendar month, in lawful money of the United States, without
deduction or offset whatsoever, at the address specified in the Basic Lease Information or to such other place as Landlord may from time
to time designate in writing. Base Rent for the first full month of the Term, together with an estimate of Tenant s Proportionate
Share of Basic Operating Cost (as hereinafter defined) for such month, shall be paid by Tenant upon Tenant s execution of this
Lease. If the obligation for payment of Rent commences on other than the first day of a month, then Rent shall be prorated and the prorated
installment shall be paid on the first day of the calendar month next succeeding the Term Commencement Date. 

- 3 - 

(b) Additional
Rent . All monies other than Base Rent required to be paid by Tenant hereunder, including, but not limited to, the interest and late
charge described in Paragraph 26, any monies spent by Landlord pursuant to Paragraph 30, and Tenant s Proportionate Share of Basic
Operating Cost, as specified in Paragraph 7 below, shall be considered additional rent Additional Rent ); Rent 
shall mean Base Rent and Additional Rent. 

7. BASIC
 OPERATING COST 

(a) Basic
Operating Cost . In addition to the Base Rent required to be paid hereunder, Tenant shall pay throughout the Term as Additional Rent,
Tenant s Proportionate Share, as set forth in the Basic Lease Information, of Basic Operating Cost for the Building in the manner
set forth below. Basic Operating Cost shall mean all expenses and costs of every kind and nature which Landlord
shall pay or become obligated to pay, because of or in connection with the management, maintenance, repair, preservation and operation
of the Project and its supporting facilities (determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied)
including but not limited to the following: 

(i) Taxes .
All real property taxes, possessory interest taxes, business or license taxes or fees, service payments in lieu of such taxes or fees,
annual or periodic license or use fees, excises, transit charges, housing fund assessments, open space charges, assessments, levies,
fees or charges, general and special, ordinary and extraordinary, unforeseen as well as foreseen, of any kind (including fees in-lieu
of any such tax or assessment) which are assessed, levied, charged, confirmed, or imposed by any public authority upon the Project, its
operations or the Rent (or any portion or component thereof) (all of the foregoing being hereinafter collectively referred to as real
property taxes ), or any tax imposed in substitution, partially or totally, or any tax previously included with the definition
of real property taxes, or any additional tax the nature of which was previously included within the definition of real property taxes
except (A) inheritance, estate or gift taxes imposed upon or assessed against the Project, or any part thereof or interest therein, and
(B) taxes computed upon the basis of net income of Landlord or the owner of any interest therein, except as otherwise provided in the
following sentence. Basic Operating Cost shall also include any taxes, assessments, or any other fees imposed by any public authority
upon or measured by the monthly rental or other charges payable hereunder, including, without limitation, any gross income tax or excise
tax levied by the local governmental authority in which the Project is located, the federal government, or any other governmental body
with respect to receipt of such rental, or upon, with respect to, or by reason of the development, possession, leasing, operation, management,
maintenance, alteration, repair, use or occupancy by Tenant of the Premises or any portion thereof, or upon this transaction or any document
to which Tenant is a party creating or transferring an interest or an estate in the Premises. In the event that it shall not be lawful
for Tenant to reimburse Landlord for all or any part of such taxes, the monthly rental payable to Landlord under this Lease shall be
revised to net to Landlord the same net rental after imposition of any such taxes on Landlord as would have been payable to Landlord
prior to the payment of any such taxes. 

- 4 - 

(ii) Insurance .
All insurance premiums and costs, including but not limited to, any insurance deductible amounts incurred by Landlord, as more fully
set forth in Paragraph 8(a) below. 

(iii) Repairs
and Improvements . Repairs, replacements and general maintenance for the Premises, Building and Project (except for those repairs
expressly made the financial responsibility of Landlord pursuant to the terms of this Lease, repairs to the extent paid for by proceeds
of insurance or by Tenant or other third parties, and alterations attributable solely to tenants of the Project other than Tenant). Such
repairs, replacements and general maintenance shall include the cost of any capital improvements made to or capital assets acquired for
the Project, Building or Premises before or after the Term Commencement Date that reduce any other Basic Operating Cost, are reasonably
necessary for the health and safety of the occupants of the Project, or are made to the Project, Building or Premises by Landlord before
or after the date of this Lease and are required under any Regulation, such costs or allocable portions thereof to be amortized over
such reasonable period as Landlord shall determine, together with interest on the unamortized balance at the prime rate 
charged by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (San Francisco) at the time such improvements or capital assets are constructed or acquired, plus two
(2) percentage points, but in no event more than the maximum rate permitted by law. 

(iv) Services .
All expenses relating to maintenance, janitorial, debris removal and service agreements and services, and costs of supplies and equipment
used in maintaining the Premises, Building and Project and the equipment therein and the adjacent sidewalks, driveways, curbs, parking
and service areas, including, without limitation, alarm service, window cleaning, elevator maintenance, Building exterior, roof and lighting
fixture maintenance, landscaping and drainage and irrigation systems. 

(v) Utilities .
Utilities which benefit all or a portion of the Premises, Building or Project, including without limitation electricity, water and sewer
charges. 

(vi) Management
Fee . A management and accounting cost recovery fee equal to 3.25 of the sum of Base Rent and Basic Operating Cost. 

(vii) Legal
and Accounting . Legal and accounting expenses relating to the Project, including the cost of audits by certified public accountants
and tax consultants. 

Basic
Operating Cost shall not include specific costs incurred for the account of, separately billed to, and paid by specific tenants. 

(b) Payment
of Estimated Basic Operating Cost . Estimated Basic Operating Cost for any particular fiscal year shall mean
Landlord s estimate of the Basic Operating Cost for such fiscal year made prior to commencement of such fiscal year as hereinafter
provided. Landlord shall have the right from time to time to revise its fiscal year and interim accounting periods so long as the periods
as so revised are reconciled with prior periods in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied. During
the last month of each fiscal year during the Term, or as soon thereafter as practicable, Landlord shall give Tenant written notice of
the Estimated Basic Operating Cost for the ensuing fiscal year. Tenant shall pay Tenant s Proportionate Share of the Estimated
Basic Operating Cost with installments of Base Rent for the fiscal year to which the Estimated Basic Operating Cost applies in monthly
installments on the first day of each calendar month during such year, in advance. If at any time during the course of the fiscal year,
Landlord determines that Basic Operating Cost is projected to vary from the then Estimated Basic Operating Cost by more than ten percent
(10 ), Landlord may, by written notice to Tenant, revise the Estimated Basic Operating Cost for the balance of such fiscal year, and
Tenant s monthly installments for the remainder of such year shall be adjusted so that by the end of such fiscal year Tenant has
paid to Landlord Tenant s Proportionate Share of the revised Estimated Basic Operating cost for such year. 

- 5 - 

(c) Computation
of Basic Operating Cost Adjustment . Basic Operating Cost Adjustment shall mean the difference between Estimated
Basic Operating Cost and Basic Operating Cost for any fiscal year determined as hereinafter provided. Within one hundred twenty (120)
days after the end of each fiscal year or as soon thereafter as practicable, Landlord shall deliver to Tenant a statement of Basic Operating
Cost for the fiscal year just ended, accompanied by a computation of the Basic Operating Cost Adjustment. If such statement shows that
Tenant s payment based upon Estimated Basic Operating Cost is less than Tenant s Proportionate Share of Basic Operating Cost,
then Tenant shall pay to Landlord the difference within twenty (20) days after receipt of such statement. If such statement shows that
Tenant s payment of Estimated Basic Operating Cost exceeds Tenant s Proportionate Share of Basic Operating Cost, then (provided
that Tenant is not in default under this Lease) Landlord shall at Landlord s option credit the difference to Tenant s Rent
payment(s) next due hereunder or pay the difference to Tenant, in either case within twenty (20) days after delivery of such statement
to Tenant. If this Lease has been terminated or the Term hereof has expired prior to the date of such statement, then the Basic Operating
Cost Adjustment shall be paid by the appropriate party within twenty (20) days after the date of delivery of the statement. Should this
Lease commence or terminate at any time other than the first day of a fiscal year, Tenant s Proportionate Share of Basic Operating
Cost shall be prorated by reference to the exact number of calendar days during such fiscal year that this Lease is in effect. No delay
by Landlord in submitting any statement shall constitute a waiver of Landlord s right to submit such statement or to collect Tenant s
Proportionate Share of Basic Operating Cost due hereunder. 

(d) Net
Lease . This shall be a net Lease and Base Rent shall be paid to Landlord absolutely net of all costs and expenses, except as specifically
provided to the contrary in this Lease. The provisions for payment of Basic Operating Cost and the Basic Operating Cost Adjustment are
intended to pass on to Tenant and reimburse Landlord for all costs and expenses of the nature described in Paragraph 7(a) incurred in
connection with the management, maintenance, repair, preservation and operation of the Building or Project and such additional facilities
now and in subsequent years as may be determined by Landlord to be necessary for the Building or Project. 

- 6 - 

(e) Tenant
Audit . Within thirty (30) days following Tenant s receipt of Landlord s statement of Basic Operating Cost for any fiscal
year of the Term, Tenant may, at its expense during Landlord s normal business hours, elect to audit Landlord s books and
records as they relate to the Basic Operating Cost for the fiscal year covered by such statement, subject to the following conditions:
(1) Tenant shall deposit with Landlord the full amount in dispute; (2) there is no uncured event of default under this Lease; (3) the
audit shall be prepared by an independent certified public accounting firm of recognized national standing; (4) in no event shall any
audit be performed by a firm retained on a contingency fee basis; (5) the audit shall commence within fifteen (15) days
after Landlord makes Landlord s books and records available to Tenant s auditor and shall conclude within thirty (30) days
after commencement; (6) the audit shall be conducted where Landlord maintains its books and records and shall not unreasonably interfere
with the conduct of Landlord s business; and (7) Tenant and its accounting firm shall treat any audit in a confidential manner
and shall each execute Landlord s confidentiality agreement for Landlord s benefit prior to commencing the audit. Tenant
shall deliver a copy of such audit to Landlord within five (5) business days of receipt by Tenant. This paragraph shall not be construed
to limit, suspend or abate Tenant s obligation to pay Rent when due, including Tenant s Proportionate Share of Basic Operating
Cost. After verification, Landlord shall credit any overpayment determined by the audit report against the next monthly payment(s) of
Rent provided to be paid under this Lease, or, if no further Rent is due, refund such overpayment directly to Tenant within twenty (20)
days of determination. Likewise, Tenant shall pay Landlord any underpayment determined by the audit report within twenty (20) days of
determination. The foregoing obligations shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease. If Tenant does not give written
notice of its election to audit during the referenced thirty (30)-day period, Landlord s Basic Operating Cost for the applicable
fiscal year shall be deemed approved for all purposes, and Tenant shall have no further right to review or contest the same. If the audit
proves that Landlord s calculation of Tenant s Proportionate Share of Basic Operating Cost for the fiscal year under inspection
was overstated by more than ten percent (10 in the aggregate, then, after verification, Landlord shall pay Tenant s actual reasonable
out-of-pocket audit and inspection fees applicable to the review of said fiscal year statement within twenty (20) days after receipt
of Tenant s invoice therefor. 

(f) Tenant s
Personal Property Taxes . In addition to and wholly apart from Tenant s obligation to pay Tenant s Proportionate Share
of Basic Operating Cost, Tenant shall be responsible for and shall pay prior to delinquency any taxes or governmental service fees, possessory
interest taxes, fees or charges in lieu of any such taxes, capital levies, or other charges imposed upon, levied with respect to or assessed
against its personal property, on the value of the Alterations (as defined in Paragraph 12 below) made to the Premises, and on Tenant s
interest pursuant to this Lease. To the extent that any such taxes are not separately assessed or billed to Tenant, Tenant shall pay
the amount thereof on demand once invoiced to Tenant by Landlord. 

8. INSURANCE 

(a) Landlord s
Insurance . At all times during the Term, Landlord shall procure and keep in full force and effect the following insurance: 

(i) Special
Risk property insurance insuring (i) the Building, (ii) all improvements located therein, excluding Tenant s Property (as defined
in Paragraph 8(b)(i) below), (iii) Landlord s equipment located in the Building, and (iv) common area furnishings, all in such
amounts and with such deductibles as Landlord considers appropriate; 

(ii) Commercial
general liability insurance insuring Landlord s interest in the Project; 

(iii) Rental
income insurance in an amount equal to one year s Rent; and 

- 7 - 

(iv) Such
other insurance as Landlord reasonably determines from time to time. 

(b) Tenant s
Insurance . Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, procure and keep in full force and effect the following insurance: 

(i) Special
Risk property insurance on Tenant s Property for its full replacement value. Such policy shall contain an agreed amount endorsement
in lieu of a co-insurance clause. Tenant s Property is herein defined to be personal property of Tenant and
any improvements made by or for Tenant pursuant to any Work Letter attached hereto. 

(ii) Commercial
general liability insurance insuring Tenant against any liability arising out of its use, occupancy or maintenance of the Premises or
the business operated by Tenant pursuant to the Lease. Such insurance shall provide a combined single limit for bodily injury and property
damage in the amounts set forth in the Basic Lease Information. Such policy shall name Landlord, Landlord s wholly-owned subsidiaries,
Landlord s property manager and any mortgagees of Landlord as additional insureds as their respective interests may appear; 

(iii) Workers 
Compensation insurance as required by state law; 

(iv) If
Tenant uses vehicles to carry out its business on or about the Project, motor vehicles liability insurance with a combined single limit
of not less than 1,000,000 for bodily injury and property damage; and 

(v) Any
other form or forms of insurance or increased amounts of insurance as Landlord or any mortgagees of Landlord may reasonably require from
time to time. 

All
such policies shall be written in a form and with an insurance company licensed to do business in the State of Nevada with a rating in
Best s Insurance Guide of not less than A:VII satisfactory to Landlord and any mortgagees of Landlord, and shall provide that Landlord
and any mortgagees of Landlord receive not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice of any cancellation or reduction in
coverage. Tenant s deductible amounts shall not exceed 1,000. Prior to or at the time that Tenant takes possession of the Premises,
and as a condition thereof, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord copies of policies or certificates evidencing the existence of the required
amounts and forms of coverage satisfactory to Landlord. Tenant shall, at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of such policies,
furnish Landlord with renewals or binders thereof, or Landlord may order such insurance and charge the cost thereof to
Tenant as Additional Rent. 

In
addition, Tenant shall obtain certificates of insurance evidencing commercial general liability insurance, including completed operations,
motor vehicle liability insurance and workers compensation insurance in the amounts required above from any contractor or subcontractor
engaged by Tenant for Alterations, repairs or maintenance at the Premises during the Term, and such liability insurance shall name the
same parties as additional insureds as is described above, and shall provide that any loss shall be payable to Landlord and such other
additional insured parties as their respective interests may appear. 

- 8 - 

(c) Forms
of Policies . All commercial general liability and special risk property policies maintained by Tenant shall be written as primary
policies, not contributing with and not supplemental to the coverage that Landlord may carry. 

(d) Waiver
of Subrogation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Lease, Landlord and Tenant, for themselves and their respective
insurers, each agree to and do hereby waive any and all claims, demands, actions and causes of action that each may have or claim to
have against the other, and/or against any subsidiary or joint venture of such other party, for loss or damage to any property, whether
real and personal, to the extent the same is caused by or results from risks (i) which are insurable under standard fire and extended
coverage insurance or (ii) which arc insured against under any policy of insurance covering the Premises or any portion thereof or property
therein carried by the parties and in force at the time of such loss or damage, notwithstanding that any such loss or damage may be due
to or result from the negligence of either party hereto or their respective employees or agents; provided, however, that this waiver
shall not apply to the portion of any damage which is not reimbursed by the damaged party s insurance because of the deductible
in the damaged party s insurance coverage. 

(e) Adequacy
of Coverage . Landlord, its agents and employees make no representation that the limits of liability specified to be carried by Tenant
pursuant to this Paragraph 8 are adequate to protect Tenant and such minimum limits shall not relieve Tenant from any of its obligations
under this Lease. If Tenant believes that any of such insurance coverage is inadequate, Tenant will obtain such additional insurance
coverage, as Tenant deems adequate, at Tenant s sole expense. 

(f) Certain
Insurance Risks. Tenant shall not do or permit to be done any act or thing upon the Premises or the Project or bring or keep anything
therein which would (i) jeopardize or be in conflict with fire or other insurance policies covering the Project or fixtures and property
in the Project; (ii) increase the rate of fire insurance applicable to the Project or cause a cancellation of said insurance; or (iii)
subject Landlord to any liability or responsibility for injury to any person or persons or to property by reason of any business or operation
being carried on upon the Premises. 

9. INDEMNIFICATION,
 WAIVER AND RELEASE 

(a) Tenant s
Indemnification . Except to the extent of any injury to persons or damage to property that is proximately caused by the gross negligence
or willful misconduct of Landlord, its employees or agents, and subject to the provisions of Paragraph 8(d) above, Tenant shall indemnify
and hold the Landlord Indemnitees harmless from and against any and all demands, claims, causes of action, fines, penalties, damages,
liabilities, judgments, and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) incurred in connection with or
arising from: 

(i) The
use or occupancy or manner of use or occupancy of the Premises by Tenant or any of the Tenant s Parties; 

(ii) Any
activity, work, or thing done or permitted by Tenant in or about the Premises, the Building, or the Project; 

- 9 - 

(iii) Any
breach by Tenant or by any of the Tenant s Parties of this Lease; 

(iv) Any
injury or damage to the person, property or business of Tenant or any of the Tenant s Parties entering upon the Premises under
the express or implied invitation of Tenant, and 

(v) Any
alleged violation by Tenant of any Regulation. 

If
any action or proceeding is brought against a Landlord Indemnitee by reason of any of the foregoing items (i) through (v), Tenant, upon
written notice from such Landlord Indemnitee, shall defend the same at Tenant s expense, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to
Landlord. Tenant s obligations pursuant to the foregoing indemnity shall survive the termination of this Lease. 

(b) ssence
herein . NotwiTenant, as a material part of the consideration to Landlord for this Lease, by this Paragraph 9 hereby waives and releases
all claims against the Landlord Indemnitees, to all matters for which Landlord has disclaimed liability pursuant to the provisions of
this Lease. 

10. LANDLORD S
 REPAIRS AND SERVICES 

(a) Repairs
and Services . Landlord shall at Landlord s expense maintain the structural soundness of the structural beams of the roof, foundations
and exterior walls of the Building in good repair, reasonable wear and tear excepted. The term exterior walls as used herein
shall not include windows, glass or plate glass, doors, special storefronts or office entries. Landlord shall perform on behalf of Tenant
and other tenants of the Project, as an item of Basic Operating Cost, the maintenance and repair of the Building, Project, and public
and common areas of the Project, including but not limited to the roof, pest extermination, the landscaped areas, parking areas, driveways,
the truck staging areas, rail spur areas (if any), fire sprinkler systems, sanitary and storm sewer lines, utility services, electric
and telephone equipment servicing the Building(s), exterior lighting and anything which affects the operation and exterior appearance
of the Project, as determined by Landlord in its sole discretion. In addition, Landlord shall, as an item of Basic Operating Cost, enter
into a regularly scheduled preventive maintenance/service contract with a licensed maintenance contractor for servicing all hot water,
heating, ventilation and air conditioning HVAC systems and associated equipment within or serving the Building,
which HVAC maintenance/service contract will include all services suggested by the equipment manufacturer within the operation/maintenance
manual. Except for the expenses directly involving the items specifically described in the first sentence of this Paragraph 10, Tenant
shall reimburse Landlord for all such costs in accordance with the terms of Paragraph 7. Any damage caused by or repairs necessitated
by any act of Tenant may be repaired by Landlord at Landlord s option and at Tenant s expense. Tenant shall immediately give
Landlord written notice of any defect or need for repairs after which Landlord shall have a reasonable opportunity to repair same. Landlord
and Landlord s agent s liability with respect to any defects, repairs, or maintenance for which Landlord is responsible under
any of the provisions of this Lease shall be limited to the cost of such repairs or maintenance. Tenant hereby waives the benefit of
any present or future law which might give Tenant the right to repair the Premises at Landlord s expense or to terminate the Lease
due to the condition of the Premises. 

- 10 - 

(b) Exemption
of Landlord from Liability . Landlord shall not be liable for any damage or injury to the person, business (or any loss of income
therefrom), goods, wares, merchandise or other property of Tenant or any of Tenant s Parties or any other person in or about the
Premises, whether such damage or injury is caused by or results from (i) fire, steam, electricity, water, gas or rain; (ii) the breakage,
leakage, obstruction or other defects of pipes, sprinklers, wires, appliances, plumbing, air conditioning or lighting fixtures or any
other cause; (iii) conditions arising in or about the Premises or upon other portions of the Building, or from other sources or places;
(iv) theft, riot, strike, injunction, war, terrorist act or act of God; or (v) any act or omission of any other tenant of the Project.
The provisions of this Paragraph 10(b) shall not, however, exempt Landlord from liability for Landlord s gross negligence or willful
misconduct. 

11. TENANT S
 REPAIRS 

(a) Maintenance
and Repairs . Tenant shall at Tenant s expense maintain all parts of the Premises in a good, clean, secure and fully-operative
condition and promptly make all necessary repairs and replacements, including but not limited to, all windows, glass, doors, walls and
wall finishes, floor covering, ceilings, truck doors, dock bumpers, dock plates and levelers, plumbing work and fixtures, downspouts,
electrical and lighting systems (bulbs and ballasts) and fire sprinklers. Tenant shall at Tenant s expense also perform regular
removal of trash and debris from the Premises. If required by the railroad company, Tenant agrees to sign a joint maintenance agreement
governing the use of the rail spur, if any. Tenant shall not damage any demising wall or disturb the integrity and support provided by
any demising wall and shall, at its sole expense, immediately repair any damage to any demising wall caused by Tenant or any of Tenant s
Parties. Tenant shall promptly replace any portion of the Premises or system or equipment in the Premises which cannot be fully repaired,
regardless of whether the benefit of such replacement extends beyond the Term. 

(b) Climate
Control . Tenant shall be responsible for providing appropriate climate control in the Premises, and shall in all events maintain
heat in the Premises during the winter months at a temperature of at least 55 Fahrenheit. Tenant shall not block or cover any of
the HVAC ducts in the Premises. Tenant shall immediately report to Landlord: (i) any evidence of a water leak or excessive moisture in
the Premises; (ii) any evidence of mold or mildew in the Premises; and (iii) any failure or malfunction in the HVAC system serving the
Premises. 

- 11 - 

12. ALTERATIONS 

Tenant
shall not make, or allow to be made, any alterations or physical additions Alterations in, about or to the Premises
without obtaining the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, with respect to proposed Alterations
which: (a) comply with all applicable Regulations; (b) are in Landlord s opinion compatible with the Project and its mechanical,
plumbing, electrical and HVAC systems; (c) will not interfere with the use and occupancy of any other portion of the Building or Project
by any other tenant or its invitees; and (d) are commenced only after Tenant has complied fully with the Required Mechanics Lien Protections
as set forth and defined in Paragraph 13 below. Specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Landlord shall have
the right of written consent for all plans and specifications for the proposed Alterations, construction means and methods, all appropriate
permits and licenses, any contractor or subcontractor to be employed on the work of Alteration, and the time for performance of such
work. Tenant shall also supply to Landlord any documents and information reasonably requested by Landlord in connection with Landlord s
consideration of a request for approval hereunder. Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for all costs which Landlord may incur in connection
with granting approval to Tenant for any such Alterations, including any costs or expenses which Landlord may incur in electing to have
outside architects and engineers review said plans and specifications. Landlord, in the exercise of its reasonable discretion, may require
Tenant to provide additional cash collateral and/or lien and completion bonds in form and amount satisfactory to Landlord for any Alterations
undertaken by Tenant under this Paragraph 12. Upon completion of any Alterations, Tenant, at Landlord s request, shall provide
Landlord with as built plans for the Premises and proof of payment for all labor and materials. All Alterations made by
Tenant shall remain the property of Tenant until termination of this Lease, at which time they shall be and become the property of Landlord
if Landlord so elects; provided, however, that Landlord may, at Landlord s option, require that Tenant, at Tenant s expense,
remove any or all Alterations made by Tenant and restore the Premises to their prior condition by the termination of this Lease. All
such removals and restoration shall be accomplished in a good and workmanlike manner so as not to cause any damage to the Premises or
Project whatsoever. If Tenant fails to so remove such Alterations or Tenant s trade fixtures, furniture or other personal property,
Landlord may keep and use them or remove any of them and cause them to be stored or sold in accordance with applicable law, at Tenant s
sole expense. 

13. LIENS 

Tenant
shall keep the Premises and the Project free from liens arising out of or related to work performed, materials or supplies furnished,
or obligations incurred by Tenant in connection with any Alterations or other work made, suffered or done by or on behalf of Tenant in
or on the Premises or Project. In the event that Tenant shall not, within ten (10) days following the imposition of any such lien, cause
the same to be released of record by payment or posting of a proper bond, Landlord shall have, in addition to all other remedies provided
herein and by law, the right, but not the obligation, to cause the same to be released by such means as Landlord shall deem proper, including
payment of the claim giving rise to such lien. All sums paid by Landlord on behalf of Tenant and all expenses incurred by Landlord in
connection therewith shall be payable to Landlord by Tenant on demand with interest at the Applicable Interest Rate from the date of
payment by Landlord. Landlord shall have the right at all times to post and keep posted on the Premises any notices permitted or required
by law, or which Landlord shall deem proper, for the protection of Landlord, the Premises, the Project and any other party having an
interest therein, from mechanics and materialmen s liens, and Tenant shall give Landlord not less than ten (10) business
days prior written notice of the commencement of any work in the Premises or Project which could lawfully give rise to a claim
for mechanics or materialmen s liens. IN ADDITION, AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY TERM OR PROVISION OF THIS PARAGRAPH 13 OR OF
THIS LEASE TO THE CONTRARY, TO THE EXTENT THE COST OF SAME WOULD EXCEED 5,000.00, TENANT SHALL NOT COMMENCE OR CONDUCT, OR ALLOW TO
BE COMMENCED OR CONDUCTED, ANY ALTERATIONS OR WORK OF REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AT ITS REQUEST OR AUTHORIZATION, OR ALLOW THE DELIVERY OF
ANY MATERIALS IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, UNLESS AND UNTIL TENANT HAS COMPLIED WITH EACH AND EVERY TERM OF NEVADA REVISED STATUTES NRS 108.2403, SUCH THAT LANDLORD ACHIEVES THE STATUS OF A DISINTERESTED OWNER AS DEFINED AND DESCRIBED IN NRS 108.234. (THE
FOREGOING REQUIREMENTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF TENANT ARE THE REQUIRED MECHANICS LIEN PROTECTIONS .) 

- 12 - 

14. SIGNS 

All
signs, notices and graphics of every kind or character, visible in or from public view or corridors, the common areas or the exterior
of the Premises, shall be subject to Landlord s prior written approval. Subject to the foregoing, Tenant shall be permitted to
install, at Tenant s sole cost, identity signage on the Premises, subject to Landlord s signage criteria and applicable Regulations.
Any such signage shall be maintained by Tenant throughout the Term. Tenant shall not place or maintain any banners whatsoever or any
window decor in or on any exterior window or window fronting upon any common areas or service area or upon any truck doors or man doors
without Landlord s prior written approval. Any installation of signs or graphics on or about the Premises and Project shall be
subject to any applicable Regulations and to any other requirements imposed by Landlord. Tenant shall remove all such signs and graphics
prior to the termination of this Lease. Such installations and removals shall be made in such manner as to avoid injury or defacement
of the Premises, Building or Project and any other improvements contained therein, and Tenant shall repair any injury or defacement,
including without limitation, discoloration caused by such installation or removal. 

15. LANDLORD S
 ACCESS 

(a) Landlord s
Access to Premises . After reasonable notice, except in emergencies where no such notice shall be required, Landlord, and Landlord s
agents and representatives, shall have the right to enter the Premises to inspect the same, to clean, to perform such work as may be
permitted or required hereunder, to make repairs or alterations to the Premises or Project or to other tenant spaces therein, to deal
with emergencies, to post such notices as may be permitted or required by law to prevent the perfection of liens against Landlord s
interest in the Project, to exhibit the Premises to prospective tenants, purchasers, lenders or others, or for any other purpose as Landlord
may deem necessary or desirable; provided, however, that Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts not to unreasonably interfere
with Tenant s business operations. Tenant shall not be entitled to any abatement of Rent by reason of the exercise of any such
right of entry. At any time within six (6) months prior to the end of the Term, Landlord shall have the right to erect on the Premises
and/or Project a suitable sign indicating that the Premises are available for lease. 

(b) Landlord s
Rights as to Common Areas. Landlord may from time to time change the size, location, nature and use of any of the common areas of
the Project, including converting common areas into leasable areas, constructing additional parking facilities (including parking structures)
and other improvements in the common areas, and increasing or decreasing common area land and/or facilities. Tenant acknowledges that
such activities may result in occasional inconvenience to Tenant from time to time. Such activities and changes shall be expressly permitted
if they do not materially impair Tenant s access to or use of the Premises. In addition, Landlord may at any time close any common
area of the Project to make repairs or changes (provided the closure does not unreasonably impede access to the Premises by Tenant),
to prevent the acquisition of public rights in such areas or to discourage non-customer parking. 

- 13 - 

16. UTILITIES 

Tenant
shall pay directly to the appropriate supplier for all gas, heat, air conditioning, light, power, telephone and other utilities and services
used on or from the Premises, together with any taxes, penalties, surcharges or the like pertaining thereto, and maintenance charges
for utilities, and shall furnish all electric light bulbs, ballasts and tubes. If any such services are not separately metered to Tenant,
Tenant shall pay a reasonable proportion, as determined by Landlord, of all charges jointly serving other premises. Landlord shall not
be liable for any damages directly or indirectly resulting from nor shall the Rent or any monies owed Landlord under this Lease herein
reserved be abated by reason of: (a) the installation, use or interruption of use of any equipment used in connection with the furnishing
of any such utilities or services; (b) the failure to furnish or delay in furnishing any such utilities or services when such failure
or delay is caused by acts of God or the elements, labor disturbances of any character, or any other accidents or other conditions beyond
the reasonable control of Landlord; or (c) the limitation, curtailment, rationing or restriction on use of water, electricity, gas or
any other form of energy or any other service or utility whatsoever serving the Premises or Project. Landlord shall be entitled to cooperate
voluntarily and in a reasonable manner with the efforts of national, state or local governmental agencies or utility suppliers in reducing
energy or other resource consumption. The obligation to make services available hereunder shall be subject to the limitations of any
such voluntary, reasonable program. Tenant shall provide its own janitorial services for the Premises. 

17. SUBORDINATION 

Without
the necessity of any additional document being executed by Tenant for the purpose of effecting a subordination, this Lease shall be subject
and subordinate at all times to: (a) all ground leases or underlying leases which may now exist or hereafter be executed affecting the
Premises and/or the Project and (b) any mortgage or deed of trust which may now exist or hereafter be placed upon the Project, any advances
made on the security thereof and any renewals, modifications, consolidations, replacements or extensions thereof, whenever made or recorded.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall have the right to subordinate or cause to be subordinated any such ground leases or underlying
leases or any such mortgages or deeds of trust to this Lease on notice to Tenant. In the event that any ground lease or underlying lease
terminates for any reason or any mortgage or deed of trust is foreclosed or a conveyance in lieu of foreclosure is made for any reason,
Tenant shall, notwithstanding any subordination, attorn to and become the Tenant of the successor-in-interest to Landlord at the option
of such successor-in-interest, provided that Tenant shall have no claim against such successor-in-interest arising from Landlord s
acts or omissions occurring prior to such termination, foreclosure or conveyance in lieu thereof. Within ten (10) days after request
by Landlord, Tenant shall execute and deliver any additional documents evidencing Tenant s attornment or the subordination of this
Lease with respect to any such ground leases or underlying leases or any such mortgage or deed of trust, in the form requested by Landlord
or by any ground lessor, mortgagee, or beneficiary under a deed of trust. 

- 14 - 

18. FINANCIAL
 STATEMENT 

Within
ten (10) days after written request from Landlord, Tenant shall provide to Landlord Tenant s current financial statement or other
information discussing the financial worth of Tenant prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently
applied, which Landlord shall use solely for purposes of this Lease and in connection with the ownership, management, financing and/or
disposition of the Project. Tenant represents and warrants to Landlord that each such financial statement is a true and accurate statement
as of the date of such statement. 

19. ESTOPPEL
 CERTIFICATE 

Tenant
agrees from time to time, within ten (10) days after written request of Landlord, to execute and deliver to Landlord, or Landlord s
designee, an estoppel certificate stating that this Lease is in full force and effect and has not been modified (or stating any such
modifications), the date to which Rent has been paid, the expiration date of this Lease, that Landlord is not in default under this Lease
(or specifying any claimed defaults), and such other matters pertaining to this Lease as may be reasonably requested by Landlord. Failure
by Tenant to execute and deliver such certificate shall constitute an acceptance of the Premises and acknowledgment by Tenant that the
statements included are true and correct without exception. Landlord and Tenant intend that any statement delivered pursuant to this
Paragraph 19 may be relied upon by any mortgagee, beneficiary, purchaser or prospective purchaser of the Project or any interest therein.
The parties agree that Tenant s obligation to furnish such estoppel certificate in a timely fashion is a material inducement for
Landlord s execution of this Lease, and shall be an event of default if Tenant fails to fully comply. 

20. SECURITY
 DEPOSIT 

Tenant
agrees to deposit with Landlord upon Tenant s execution of this Lease, a Security Deposit in the amount set forth in the Basic
Lease Information, which sum shall be held by Landlord, without obligation for interest, as security for the full and faithful performance
of Tenant s covenants and obligations under this Lease. The Security Deposit is not an advance rental deposit or a measure of damages
incurred by Landlord in case of Tenant s default. Upon the occurrence of any event of default by Tenant, Landlord may, from time
to time, without prejudice to any other remedy provided herein or provided by law, use such fund to the extent necessary to make good
any arrears of Rent or other payments due to Landlord hereunder, and any other damage, injury, expense or liability caused by such event
of default, and Tenant shall pay to Landlord, on demand, the amount so applied in order to restore the Security Deposit to its original
amount. Although the Security Deposit shall be deemed the property of Landlord, any remaining balance of such Security Deposit shall
be returned by Landlord to Tenant within thirty (30) days after termination of this Lease provided that (i) Tenant has fulfilled ail
of its surrender obligations set forth in this Lease and (ii) the return of the Security Deposit shall not be construed as a representation
from Landlord that all of Tenant s obligations under this Lease have been fulfilled. Landlord may use and commingle the Security
Deposit with other funds of Landlord. 

- 15 - 

21. ASSIGNMENT
 AND SUBLETTING 

(a) General .
Tenant shall not assign or sublet the Premises or any part thereof without Landlord s prior written approval, which approval shall
not be unreasonably withheld. If Tenant desires to assign this Lease or sublet any or all of the Premises, Tenant shall give Landlord
written notice at least thirty (30) days prior to the anticipated effective date of the assignment or sublease. Such notice shall be
accompanied by a statement setting forth the identity of the proposed transferee and the details of the proposed transfer, financial
information regarding the proposed transferee, and a copy of the proposed assignment or sublease documentation (which shall be subject
to Landlord s review and approval). Landlord shall then have a period of ten (10) days following receipt of such materials to notify
Tenant in writing that Landlord elects either to (1) permit Tenant to assign this Lease or sublet such space, subject, however, to Landlord s
prior written approval of the proposed assignee or subtenant, (2) withhold its consent to the proposed assignment or sublease, if reasonable,
or (3) if the transfer is an assignment of this Lease or a sublease of the entire Premises, to terminate this Lease effective as of the
effective date of the proposed sublease or assignment (in which case Landlord may elect to enter into a direct lease with the proposed
sublessee or assignee or any other party, without incurring any liability to Tenant). If Landlord should fail to notify Tenant in writing
of such election within said period, Landlord shall be deemed to have waived options (2) and (3) above, but written approval by Landlord
of the proposed assignee or subtenant shall still be required. Without limiting the other instances in which it may be reasonable for
Landlord to withhold Landlord s consent to an assignment or subletting, Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that it shall be reasonable
for Landlord to withhold Landlord s consent in the following instances: (i) the use of the Premises by such proposed assignee or
subtenant would not be a Permitted Use, would violate an existing lease at the Project or would increase the parking density of the Project;
(ii) the proposed assignee or subtenant is not of sound financial condition; (iii) the proposed assignee or subtenant is a governmental
agency; (iv) the proposed assignee or subtenant does not have a good reputation as a tenant of real property; (v) the assignment or subletting
would entail any alterations which would lessen the value of the leasehold improvements in the Premises; or (vi) if Tenant is then in
default of any obligation of Tenant under this Lease, or Tenant has defaulted under this Lease on three (3) or more occasions during
any twelve (12)-month period preceding the date that Tenant shall request consent. Failure by Landlord to approve a proposed assignee
or subtenant shall not cause a termination of this Lease. Under no circumstances may Tenant mortgage or otherwise encumber its interest
in the Lease or in the Premises. 

(b) Bonus
Rent . Any rent or other consideration realized by Tenant under any such sublease or assignment in excess of the Rent payable hereunder,
after amortization of a reasonable brokerage commission, shall be divided and paid fifty percent (50 to Tenant and fifty percent (50 to Landlord. In any subletting or assignment undertaken by Tenant, Tenant shall diligently seek to obtain the maximum rental amount available
in the marketplace for such subletting or assignment. 

(c) Corporation .
If Tenant is a corporation, a transfer of corporate shares by sale, assignment, bequest, inheritance, operation of law or other disposition
(including such a transfer to or by a receiver or trustee in federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other proceedings) so as to result
in a change in the present Control of such corporation or any of its parent corporations by the person or persons owning a majority of
said corporate shares, shall constitute an assignment for all purposes of this Lease. For purposes of this Paragraph 21, Control 
means the direct or indirect ownership of more than fifty percent (50 of the voting securities or other interest of an entity, or possession
of the right to vote more than fifty percent (50 of the voting interest in the ordinary direction of the entity s affairs. 

- 16 - 

(d) Partnership .
If Tenant is a partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other incorporated business form, a transfer of the interest
of persons, firms or entities responsible for managerial control of Tenant by sale, assignment, bequest, inheritance, operation of law
or other disposition, so as to result in a change in the present Control of said entity and/or a change in the identity of the person
responsible for the general credit obligations of said entity, shall constitute an assignment for all purposes of this Lease. 

(e) Liability .
No assignment or subletting by Tenant shall relieve Tenant of any obligation under this Lease or change Tenant s primary liability
to pay the Rent and perform all other obligations of Tenant under this Lease. Landlord s acceptance of Rent from any other party
shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision of this Paragraph 21. Consent to one transfer is not a consent to any subsequent
transfer. If Tenant s assignee or subtenant defaults under this Lease, Landlord may proceed directly against Tenant without pursuing
remedies against the transferee. Landlord may consent to subsequent assignments or modifications of this Lease by Tenant s transferee,
without notifying Tenant or obtaining its consent, and such actions shall not relieve Tenant of its liabilities herein set forth. Any
assignment or subletting which conflicts with the provisions hereof shall be void. 

(f) No
Merger . No merger shall result from Tenant s sublease of the Premises under this Paragraph 21, Tenant s surrender of
this Lease or the termination of this Lease in any other manner. In any such event, Landlord may terminate any or all subtenancies or
succeed to the interest of Tenant as sublandlord thereunder. 

22. CONDEMNATION 

(a) Condemnation
Resulting in Termination . If the whole or any substantial part of the Project should be taken or condemned for any public use under
governmental law, ordinance or regulation, or by right of eminent domain, or by private purchase in lieu thereof, and the taking would
prevent or materially interfere with the Permitted Use of the Premises, this Lease shall terminate and the Rent shall be abated during
the unexpired portion of this Lease, effective when the physical taking of said Premises shall have occurred. 

(b) Condemnation
Not Resulting in Termination . If a portion of the Project should be taken or condemned for any public use under any governmental
law, ordinance, or regulation, or by right of eminent domain, or by private purchase in lieu thereof, and this Lease is not terminated
as provided in Paragraph 22(a) above, this Lease shall continue in full force and effect, provided that (i) Landlord shall proceed with
reasonable diligence to restore the remainder of the Project to the extent feasible and to ensure that the Premises or remainder thereof
is restored to a tenantable condition (provided that Landlord shall have no obligation to restore any Tenant Alterations or any of Tenant s
Property) and (ii) the Rent payable hereunder during the unexpired portion of the Lease shall be reduced, beginning on the date when
the physical taking shall have occurred, to such amount as may be fair and reasonable under all of the circumstances. 

- 17 - 

(c) Award .
Landlord shall be entitled to any and all payment, income, rent, award, or any interest therein whatsoever which may be paid or made
in connection with such taking or conveyance and Tenant shall have no claim against Landlord or otherwise for the value of any unexpired
portion of this Lease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any compensation specifically awarded Tenant for loss of business, Tenant s
personal property, moving costs or loss of goodwill, shall be and remain the property of Tenant. 

23. CASUALTY
 DAMAGE 

(a) Casualty;
Notice to Tenant . If the Premises or the Building are damaged by fire or other insured casualty (each, a Casualty ),
Tenant shall immediately notify Landlord. Within sixty (60) days following the Casualty, Landlord shall give Tenant written notice of
the time which will be needed to repair such damage, as determined by Landlord in its reasonable discretion, and the election (if any)
which Landlord has made according to this Paragraph 23. The date of delivery of Landlord s notice will be the Notice
Date for purposes of this Paragraph 23. 

(b) Repair
Period . If the Premises or the Building are damaged by Casualty to an extent which may be repaired within two hundred seventy (270)
days after the Notice Date, as reasonably determined by Landlord, Landlord shall promptly begin to repair the damage after the Notice
Date, to the extent set forth in Paragraph 23(f) below, and Landlord will diligently pursue the completion of such repair. In that event,
this Lease will continue in full force and effect except that Rent shall be abated on a pro rata basis from the date of the Casualty
until the date of the completion of such repairs (the Repair Period based on the proportion of the rentable area
of the Premises Tenant is unable to use during the Repair Period. 

(c) Options
in Event of Major Damage . If the Premises or the Building are damaged by Casualty to an extent that they may not be repaired within
two hundred seventy (270) days after the Notice Date, as reasonably determined by Landlord, then (1) Landlord may cancel this Lease as
of the date of such Casualty by written notice given to Tenant on or before the sixtieth (60 th day following the Casualty
or (2) Tenant may cancel this Lease as of the date of such Casualty by written notice given to Landlord within ten (10) days after Landlord s
delivery of its written notice that the repairs cannot be made within such two hundred seventy (270)-day period. If neither Landlord
nor Tenant so elects to cancel this Lease, Landlord shall diligently proceed to repair the Building and Premises, to the extent set forth
in Paragraph 23(f) below, and Rent shall be abated on a pro rata basis during the Repair Period based on the proportion of the rentable
area of the Premises Tenant is unable to use during the Repair Period. 

(d) Landlord s
Termination Rights . Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraphs 23(a), (b) and (c), above, if the Premises or the Building are damaged
by an uninsured casualty, or if the proceeds of insurance are insufficient to pay for the repair of any damage to the Premises or the
Building, or if the Casualty occurs during the last six (6) months of the Term, Landlord shall have the option to repair such damage
or cancel this Lease as of the date of the damage by written notice to Tenant given on or before the sixtieth (60 th day following
the occurrence of the damage. 

- 18 - 

(e) Tenant s
Ob1igations and Waiver . If any Casualty is the result of the willful conduct or negligence or failure to act of Tenant, its agents,
contractors, employees, or invitees, there will be no abatement of Rent as otherwise provided for in this Paragraph 23. Tenant shall
have no rights to terminate this Lease on account of any damage to the Premises, the Building, or the Project except as specifically
set forth herein, Tenant hereby waiving any such right which may exist at law or in equity allowing Tenant to terminate this Lease in
the event of the substantial destruction of leased premises. 

(f) Limitations
on Repair . Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Landlord s obligations for repair of damage to the Premises
shall exclude Tenant s Property and Tenant s Alterations. Tenant shall be solely responsible for the repair, replacement
and restoration of Tenant s Property and Alterations and shall promptly commence such repair and diligently pursue the same to
completion unless this Lease is terminated as provided in this Paragraph 23. 

24. HOLDING
 OVER 

Tenant
shall vacate the Premises upon the expiration or sooner termination of this Lease. If Tenant shall retain possession of the Premises
or any portion thereof without Landlord s consent following the expiration or sooner termination of the Lease for any reason, then
Tenant shall pay to Landlord for each day of such retention two hundred percent (200 of the amount of the daily rental as of the last
month prior to the date of expiration or termination. Tenant shall also indemnify, defend, protect and hold the Landlord Indemnitees
harmless from any loss, liability or cost, including reasonable attorneys fees, resulting from delay by Tenant in surrendering
the Premises, including, without limitation, any claims made by any succeeding tenant founded on such delay. Acceptance of Rent by Landlord
following expiration or termination shall not constitute a renewal of this Lease, and nothing contained in this Paragraph 24 shall waive
Landlord s right of reentry or any other right. Unless Landlord consents in writing to Tenant s holding over, Tenant shall
be only a Tenant at sufferance, whether or not Landlord accepts any Rent from Tenant while Tenant is holding over without Landlord s
written consent. Additionally, in the event that upon termination of the Lease, Tenant has not fulfilled its obligation with respect
to repairs and cleanup of the Premises or any other Tenant obligations as set forth in this Lease, then Landlord shall have the right
to perform any such obligations as it deems necessary at Tenant s sole cost and expense, and any time required by Landlord to complete
such obligations shall be considered a period of holding over and the terms of this Paragraph 24 shall apply thereto. 

25. DEFAULT 

(a) Events
of Default . The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an event of default on the part of Tenant: 

(i) Abandonment .
Abandonment of the Premises for a continuous period in excess of five (5) days. 

(ii) Nonpayment
of Rent . Failure to pay any installment of Rent or any other amount due and payable hereunder upon the date when said payment is
due. 

(iii) Mechanics 
Lien . Without limiting Tenant s obligation to comply fully with the Required Mechanics Lien Protections in each applicable
instance, failure to release of record any mechanics lien filed against the Premises or the Project within ten (10) days following
imposition of such lien. 

- 19 - 

(iv) Other
Obligations . Failure to perform any obligation, agreement or covenant under this Lease other than those matters specified in clauses
(i), (ii) and (iii) of this Paragraph 25(a), such failure continuing for fifteen (15) days after written notice of such failure; provided,
however, that if more than fifteen (15) days are reasonably required to complete such performance, Tenant shall not be in default if
Tenant commences such performance within the fifteen (15)-day period and thereafter diligently pursues its completion. The notice required
by this clause (iv) is intended to satisfy any and all notice requirements imposed by law on Landlord and is not in addition to any such
requirement. 

(v) General
Assignment . A general assignment by Tenant for the benefit of creditors. 

(vi) Bankruptcy .
The filing of any voluntary petition in bankruptcy by Tenant, or the filing of an involuntary petition by Tenant s creditors, which
involuntary petition remains undischarged for a period of thirty (30) days. In the event that under applicable law the trustee in bankruptcy
or Tenant has the right to affirm this Lease and continue to perform the obligations of Tenant hereunder, such trustee or Tenant shall,
in such time period as may be permitted by the bankruptcy court having jurisdiction, cure all defaults of Tenant hereunder outstanding
as of the date of the affirmance of this Lease and provide to Landlord such adequate assurances as may be necessary to ensure Landlord
of the continued performance of Tenant s obligations under this Lease. 

(vii) Receivership .
The employment of a receiver to take possession of substantially all of Tenant s assets or the Premises, if such appointment remains
undismissed or undischarged for a period of ten (10) days after the order therefor. 

(viii) Attachment .
The attachment, execution or other judicial seizure of all or substantially all of Tenant s assets or the Premises, if such attachment
or other seizure remains undismissed or undischarged for a period of ten (10) days after the levy thereof. 

(b) Remedies
Upon Default . 

(i) Termination .
In the event of the occurrence of any event of default, Landlord shall have the right to give a written termination notice to Tenant,
and on the date specified in such notice, Tenant s right to possession shall terminate, and this Lease shall terminate unless on
or before such date all arrears of rental and all other sums payable by Tenant under this Lease and all costs and expenses incurred by
or on behalf of Landlord hereunder shall have been paid by Tenant and all other events of default of this Lease by Tenant at the time
existing shall have been fully remedied to the satisfaction of Landlord. At any time after such termination, Landlord may recover possession
of the Premises or any part thereof and expel and remove therefrom Tenant and any other person occupying the same, by any lawful means,
and again repossess and enjoy the Premises without prejudice to any of the remedies that Landlord may have under this Lease, or at law
or equity, by reason of Tenant s default or of such termination. 

- 20 - 

(ii) Continuation
After Default . Even though an event of default may have occurred, this Lease shall continue in effect for so long as Landlord does
not terminate Tenant s right to possession under Paragraph 25(b)(i) above, and Landlord may enforce all of Landlord s rights
and remedies under this Lease, including without limitation, the right to recover Rent as it becomes due, and Landlord, without terminating
this Lease, may exercise all of the rights and remedies of a landlord. Acts of maintenance, preservation or efforts to lease the Premises
or the appointment of a receiver upon application of Landlord to protect Landlord s interest under this Lease shall not constitute
an election to terminate Tenant s right to possession. 

(iii) Other
Remedies . In the event of the occurrence of any event of default, Landlord may pursue any other remedy now or hereafter available
to Landlord under the laws or judicial decisions of the State of Nevada. All rights and remedies of Landlord hereunder shall be cumulative
and in addition to all rights and remedies given to Landlord at law or equity. 

(c) Damages
After Default . Should Landlord terminate this Lease pursuant to the provisions of Paragraph 25(b)(i) above, Landlord shall have the
rights and remedies of a landlord. Upon such termination, in addition to any other rights and remedies to which Landlord may be entitled
under applicable law, Landlord shal1 be entitled to recover from Tenant: (1) the worth at the time of award of the unpaid Rent and other
amounts which had been earned at the time of termination, (2) the worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid Rent and
other amounts which would have been earned after termination until the time of award exceeds the amount of such Rent loss that Tenant
proves could have been reasonably avoided; (3) the worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid Rent and other amounts
which would have been paid for the balance of the Term after the time of award exceeds the amount of such Rent loss that Tenant proves
could be reasonably avoided; and (4) any other amount necessary to compensate Landlord for all the detriment proximately caused by Tenant s
failure to perform Tenant s obligations under this Lease or which, in the ordinary course of things, would be likely to result
therefrom, including, but not limited to, any costs or expenses incurred by Landlord in maintaining or preserving the Premises after
such default, the cost of recovering possession of the Premises, expenses of reletting, including necessary renovation or alteration
of the Premises, Landlord s reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection therewith, and any real estate commissions
paid or payable. The worth at the time of award of the amounts referred to in clauses (1) and (2) above shall be computed
at the lesser of the prime rate as announced from time to time by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (San Francisco), plus five (5)
percentage points, or the maximum interest rate allowed by law (the Applicable Interest Rate ). The worth
at the time of award of the amount referred to in clause (3) above shall be computed by discounting such amount at the Federal
Discount Rate of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco at the time of the award. If this Lease provides for any periods during the
Term during which Tenant is not required to pay Base Rent or if Tenant otherwise receives a Rent concession, then upon the occurrence
of an event of default, such agreement or concession shall be automatically revoked, and Tenant shall owe to Landlord the full amount
of such Base Rent or value of such Rent concession, plus interest at the Applicable Interest Rate, calculated from the date that such
Base Rent or Rent concession would have been payable. 

- 21 - 

26. LATE
 CHARGE 

If
any installment of Rent or other amount owed to Landlord is not paid when due, such amount shall bear interest at the App1icable Interest
Rate from the date on which said payment shall be due until the date on which Landlord shall receive said payment. In addition, Tenant
shall pay Landlord a late charge equal to five percent (5 of the delinquency, to compensate Landlord for the loss of the use of the
amount not paid and the administrative costs caused by the delinquency, the parties agreeing that Landlord s damages by virtue
of such delinquencies would be difficult to compute and the amount stated herein represents a fair and reasonable estimate thereof. Interest
at the Applicable Interest Rate shall not be payable on late charges to be paid by Tenant under this Lease. This provision shall not
relieve Tenant of Tenant s obligation to pay Rent at the time and in the manner herein specified. 

27. LANDLORD
 DEFAULT 

Landlord
shall be in default under this Lease in the event Landlord has not begun and pursued with reasonable diligence the cure of any failure
of Landlord to meet its obligations under this Lease within thirty (30) days of the receipt by Landlord of written notice from Tenant
of Landlord s alleged failure to perform (and an additional reasonable time after such receipt if (i) such failure cannot reasonably
be cured within such thirty (30)-day period, and (ii) Landlord commences curing such failure within such thirty (30)-day period and thereafter
diligently pursues the curing of such failure). In no event shall Tenant have the right to terminate or rescind this Lease as a result
of Landlord s default. Tenant waives such remedies of termination or rescission (except as otherwise specifically provided for
in this Lease) and agrees that Tenant s remedies for default under this Lease and for breach of any promise or inducement are limited
to a suit for damages and/or injunction, and are specifically subject to Paragraph 28 below. In addition, Tenant shall prior to the exercise
of any such remedies, provide each Landlord s mortgagee (in each instance, only as to those entities of which Tenant has notice
of their interest) with written notice and reasonable time to cure any default by Landlord. In no event shall Landlord be liable to Tenant
for any consequential or punitive damages. 

28. TENANT S
 REMEDIES 

The
liabilities of Landlord to Tenant for any default by Landlord under the terms of this Lease are not personal obligations of the individual
or other partners, directors, officers and shareholders of Landlord, Landlord s wholly-owned subsidiaries or Landlord s agents
or operators, and Tenant agrees to look solely to Landlord s interest in the Project for the recovery of any amount from Landlord,
and shall not look to other assets of Landlord, Landlord s wholly-owned subsidiaries or Landlord s agents or operators nor
seek recourse against the assets of the individual or other partners, directors, officers and shareholders of Landlord, Landlord s
wholly-owned subsidiaries or Landlord s agents or operators. Any lien obtained to enforce any such judgment and any levy of execution
thereon shall be subject and subordinate to any lien, mortgage or deed of trust on the Project. 

- 22 - 

29. TRANSFERS
 BY LANDLORD 

In
the event of a sale or conveyance by Landlord of the Building or a foreclosure by any creditor of Landlord, the same shall operate to
release Landlord from any liability upon any of the covenants or conditions, express or implied, herein contained in favor of Tenant,
to the extent required to be performed after the passing of title to Landlord s successor-in-interest. In such event, Tenant agrees
to look solely to the responsibility of the successor-in-interest of Landlord under this Lease with respect to the performance of the
covenants and duties of Landlord to be performed after the passing of title to Landlord s successor-in-interest.
This Lease shall not be affected by any such sale and Tenant agrees to attorn to the purchaser or assignee. Landlord s successor(s)-in-interest
shall not have liability to Tenant with respect to the failure to perform all of the obligations of Landlord, to the extent
required to be performed prior to the date such successor(s)-in-interest became the owner of the Building. 

30. RIGHT
 OF LANDLORD TO PERFORM TENANT S COVENANTS 

All
covenants and agreements to be performed by Tenant under any of the terms of this Lease shall be performed by Tenant at Tenant s
sole cost and expense and without any abatement of Rent. If Tenant shall fail to pay any sum of money, other than Base Rent and Basic
Operating Cost, required to be paid by Tenant hereunder, or shall fail to perform any other act on Tenant s part to be performed
hereunder (including without limitation, Tenant s maintenance and repair obligations), and such failure shall continue for five
(5) days after notice thereof by Landlord (except that no notice shall be required in case of an emergency), Landlord may, but shall
not be obligated to do so, and without waiving or releasing Tenant from any obligation of Tenant, make any such payment or perform any
such act on Tenant s part to be made or performed. All sums so paid or expended by Landlord and all necessary incidental costs,
together with interest thereon at the Applicable Interest Rate from the date of such payment or expenditure by Landlord, shall be payable
to Landlord on demand, and Tenant covenants to pay such sums, and Landlord shall have, in addition to any other right or remedy of Landlord,
the same rights and remedies in the event of the non-payment thereof by Tenant as in the case of default by Tenant in the payment of
Base Rent and Basic Operating Cost. 

31. HAZARDOUS
 MATERIALS 

(a) Questionnaire .
Prior to executing this Lease, Tenant has delivered to Landlord Tenant s executed Questionnaire Regarding Use of Premises in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Questionnaire ). Tenant covenants, represents and warrants to Landlord
that the information in the Questionnaire is true and correct and accurately describes the use(s) of Hazardous Materials (as defined
in Paragraph 31(j) below) which will be made and/or used on the Premises by Tenant. Tenant shall, within ten (10) days of Landlord s
request, execute and deliver to Landlord an updated Questionnaire in a similar form describing Tenant s then present use of Hazardous
Materials on the Premises, and any other reasonably necessary documents, charts or information requested by Landlord with respect to
Tenant s use, generation, storage, transportation or disposal of Hazardous Materials. 

- 23 - 

(b) Compliance
with Laws and Permits . During the Term of this Lease, Tenant shall comply with all Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits (each
as defined in Paragraph 31(j) below) applicable to the operation, use or occupancy of the Premises, will cause all other persons occupying
or using the Premises to comply with all such Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits, will immediately pay or cause to be paid
all costs and expenses incurred by reason of such compliance, and will obtain and renew all Environmental Permits required for operation
or use of the Premises. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Tenant shall not cause or permit any violation of Environmental
Laws or Environmental Permits, including without limitation with respect to soil and ground water conditions. Tenant shall, at Tenant s
sole cost, make all submissions to, provide all information required by, and comply with all requirements of, all governmental authorities
under Environmental Laws. 

(c) Limitations
on Use . Tenant shall not generate, use, treat, store, handle, manufacture, refine, produce, process, release or dispose of, or permit
the generation, use, treatment, storage, handling, manufacture, refinement, production, processing, release or disposal of, Hazardous
Materials on, under or about the Premises or the Project, or transport or permit the transportation of Hazardous Materials to or from
the Premises or the Project except for (i) those materials and products identified on the attached Exhibit B-1 once approved by
Landlord and (ii) limited quantities of household cleaning products and office supplies used or stored at the Premises and required in
connection with the routine operation and maintenance of the Premises, and in each case used, stored, transported and disposed of in
compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits. 

(d) Site
Assessments . At any time and from time to time during the Term of this Lease, Landlord may perform an environmental site assessment
report concerning the Premises, prepared by an environmental consulting firm chosen by Landlord, indicating the presence or absence of
Hazardous Materials caused or permitted by Tenant and the potential cost of any compliance, removal or remedial action in connection
with any such Hazardous Materials on the Premises. Tenant shall grant and hereby grants to Landlord and its agents access to the Premises
and specifically grants Landlord an irrevocable non-exclusive license to undertake such an assessment. If such assessment report indicates
the presence of Hazardous Materials caused or permitted by Tenant or any of Tenant s Parties, then such report shall be at Tenant s
sole cost and expense, and the cost of such assessment shall be due and payable within ten (10) days of receipt of an invoice therefor. 

(e) Notices
to Landlord . Tenant will immediately advise Landlord in writing of any of the following: (1) any pending or threatened Environmental
Claim (as defined in Paragraph 31(j) below) against Tenant relating to the Premises or the Project; (2) any condition or occurrence on
the Premises or the Project that (i) results in noncompliance by Tenant with any applicable Environmental Law, or (ii) could reasonably
be anticipated to form the basis of an Environmental Claim against Tenant or Landlord or the Pre1niscs; (3) any condition or occurrence
on the Premises that could reasonably be anticipated to cause the Premises to be subject to any restrictions on the ownership, occupancy,
use or transferability of the Premises under any Environmental Law; and (4) the actual or anticipated taking of any removal or remedial
action by Tenant in response to the actual or alleged presence of any Hazardous Material on the Premises or the Project. All such notices
shall describe in reasonable detail the nature of the claim, investigation, condition, occurrence or removal or remedial action and Tenant s
response thereto. In addition, Tenant will provide Landlord with copies of all communications regarding the Premises with any governmental
agency relating to Environmental Laws, all such communications with any party relating to Environmental Claims, and such detailed reports
of any such Environmental Claim as may reasonably be requested by Landlord. 

- 24 - 

(f) Cleanup
Plan . Should any governmental authority or any third party demand that a cleanup plan be prepared and that a cleanup be undertaken
because of any deposit, spill, discharge, or other release of Hazardous Materials that occurs during the Term of this Lease, at or from
the Premises, or which arises at any time from Tenant s use or occupancy of the Premises, then Tenant shall, at Tenant s
sole cost, prepare and submit the required plans and all related bonds and other financial assurances, and Tenant shall cany out all
such cleanup plans. 

(g) Indemnity .
Tenant shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Landlord Indemnitees and their respective officers, directors, beneficiaries, shareholders,
partners, agents and employees, from and against all obligations (including removal and remedial actions), losses, claims, suits, judgments,
actions, procedures, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages (including consequential and punitive damages), costs and expenses (including
attorneys and consultants fees and expenses) of any kind or nature whatsoever that may at any time be incurred by, imposed
on or asserted against such Landlord Indemnitees and their respective officers, directors, beneficiaries, shareholders, partners, agents
and employees directly or indirectly based on, or arising or resulting from (i) the actual or alleged presence of Hazardous Materials
on the Project which is caused or permitted by Tenant or any of Tenant s Parties, including without limitation any deposit, spill,
discharge or other release of Hazardous Materials that occurs during the Term at or from the Premises; (ii) any Environmental Claim relating
in any way to Tenant s operation, use or occupancy of the Premises; or (iii) Tenant s failure to provide all information,
make all submissions, and take all steps required by all governmental authorities under applicable Environmental Laws (the Hazardous
Materials Indemnified Matters ). The foregoing indemnity shall not include any Hazardous Materials that were located at the
Premises or the Project on the Term Commencement Date, nor any Hazardous Materials placed on the Premises or the Project by Landlord,
its employees, agents or contractors. 

(h) Landlord s
Right to Perform . If Tenant fails to fulfill any duty imposed under this Paragraph 31 within a reasonable time, Landlord may do so;
and in such case, Tenant shall cooperate with Landlord in order to prepare all documents Landlord deems necessary or appropriate to determine
the applicability of Environmental Laws to the Premises and Tenant s use thereof, and for compliance therewith, and Tenant shall
execute all documents promptly upon Landlord s request. No such action by Landlord and no attempt made by Landlord to mitigate
damages under any Environmental Law shall constitute a waiver of any of Tenant s obligations under this Paragraph 31. 

(i) Payments .
All sums paid and costs incurred by Landlord with respect to any Hazardous Materials Indemnified Matter shall bear interest at the Applicable
Interest Rate from the date so paid or incurred until reimbursed by Tenant, and all such sums and costs shall be due and payable within
ten (10) days of receipt of an invoice therefor. 

- 25 - 

(j) Defined
Terms . (a) Hazardous Materials means (i) petroleum or petroleum products, natural or synthetic gas, asbestos
in any form that is or could become friable, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, and radon gas; (ii) any substances defined as or included
in the definition of hazardous substances, hazardous wastes, hazardous materials, extremely
hazardous wastes, restricted hazardous wastes, toxic substances, toxic pollutants, contaminants 
or pollutants, or words of similar import, under any applicable Environmental Law; (iii) any substance that is flammable,
explosive, radioactive, noxious or otherwise dangerous or potentially dangerous; (iv) any carcinogenic substance; (v) any other substance
exposure to which is regulated by any governmental authority; or (vi) any other substance the removal of which is required, or the manufacture,
preparation, production, generation, use, maintenance, treatment, storage, transfer, handling or ownership of which is restricted, prohibited,
regulated or penalized by any Environmental Law; (b) Environmental Law means any federal, state, county or municipal
statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or rule of common law now or hereafter in effect and in each case as amended
or supplemented, and any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent decree
or judgment, relating to the environment, health, safety or Hazardous Materials, including without limitation, Chapter 459 of NRS; the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.; the Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.; the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.;
the Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.; the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.; the
Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.; the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.; the
Safe Drinking Water Act, 4.2 U.S.C. 300f et seq.; the Atomic Energy Act, 42 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.; the Federal
Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.; the Occupational Safety and Health Act, 29 U.S.C. 
651 et seq., as all of the foregoing laws have been amended or supplemented; (c) Environmental Claims means any
and all administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims, hens, notices of non-compliance or violation,
investigations, proceedings, consent orders or consent agreements relating in any way to any Environmental Law or any Environmental Permit,
including without limitation (i) any and all Environmental Claims by governmental or regulatory authorities for enforcement, cleanup,
removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages pursuant to any applicable Environmental Law and (ii) any and all Environmental
Claims by any third party seeking damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief resulting
from Hazardous Materials or arising from alleged injury or threat of injury to health, safety or the environment; and (d) Environmental
Permits means all permits, approvals, identification numbers, licenses and other authorizations required under any applicable
Environmental Law. 

(k) Survival .
The provisions of this Paragraph 31 shall survive the expiration or sooner termination of this Lease. 

32. WAIVER 

If
either Landlord or Tenant waives the performance of any term, covenant or condition contained in this Lease, such waiver shall not be
deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other term, covenant or condition contained herein. The acceptance
of Rent by Landlord shall not constitute a waiver of any preceding breach by Tenant of any term, covenant or condition of this Lease,
regardless of Landlord s knowledge of such preceding breach at the time Landlord accepted such Rent. Failure by Landlord to enforce
any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Lease for any length of time shall not be deemed to waive or to decrease the right
of Landlord to insist thereafter upon strict performance by Tenant. Waiver by Landlord of any term, covenant or condition contained in
this Lease may only be made by a written document signed by Landlord. 

- 26 - 

33. SURRENDER
 OF PREMISES 

Upon
the expiration or sooner termination of this Lease, Tenant shall surrender the Premises to Landlord, broom clean and without debris,
with all machinery, equipment, furnishings and personal property removed therefrom, and in the same condition as received by Tenant except
for ordinary wear and tear which Tenant was not otherwise obligated to remedy under any provision of this Lease. However, Tenant shall
not be obligated to repair any damage which Landlord is required to repair under Paragraphs 22 and 23. In addition, Landlord may require
Tenant to remove any Alterations (whether or not made with Landlord s consent) prior to the termination of the Lease and to restore
the Premises to its prior condition, all at Tenant s expense. All Alterations which Landlord has not required Tenant to remove
shall become Landlord s property and shall be surrendered to Landlord upon the termination of the Lease, except that Tenant may
remove (and shall remove if so required by Landlord) any of Tenant s machinery or equipment which can be removed without material
damage to the Premises. Tenant shall repair, at Tenant s expense, any damage to the Premises or the Project caused by the removal
of any such machinery or equipment. In no event, however, shall Tenant remove any of the following materials or equipment without Landlord s
prior written consent: any power wiring or power panels; lighting or lighting fixtures; wall coverings; drapes, blinds or other window
coverings; carpets or other floor coverings; heaters, air conditioners or any other HVAC equipment; fencing or security gates; or other
similar building operating equipment and decorations. Tenant shall give written notice to Landlord at least thirty (30) days prior
to vacating the Premises and shall meet with Landlord for a joint inspection of the Premises at the time of vacating. In the event of
Tenant s failure to give such notice or participate in such joint inspection, Landlord s inspection at or after Tenant s
vacating the Premises shall conclusively be deemed correct for purposes of determining Tenant s responsibility for repairs and
restoration. 

34. NOTICES 

All
notices, demands, consents and approvals which may or are required to be given by either party to the other hereunder shall be in writing
and either personally delivered, sent by commercial overnight courier, or mailed, certified or registered, postage prepaid, and addressed
to the party to be notified at the address(es) for such party as specified in the Basic Lease Information or to such other place as the
party to be notified may from time to time designate by at least fifteen (15) days notice to the other party. Notices shall be
deemed served upon receipt or refusal to accept delivery. Tenant appoints as its agent to receive the service of all default notices
and notice of commencement of unlawful detainer proceedings the person in charge of or apparently in charge of occupying the Premises
at the time, and if there is no such person, then such service may be made by attaching the same on the main entrance of the Premises. 

- 27 - 

35. ATTORNEYS 
 FEES 

In
the event that Landlord places the enforcement of this Lease, or any part thereof, or the collection of any Rent due, or to become due
hereunder, or recovery of possession of the Premises in the hands of an attorney, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, upon demand, Landlord s
reasonable attorneys fees and court costs. In any action which Landlord or Tenant brings to enforce its respective rights hereunder,
the unsuccessful party shall pay all costs incurred by the prevailing party including reasonable attorneys fees, to be fixed by
the court, and said costs and attorneys fees shall be a part of the judgment in said action. Tenant shall pay Landlord s
reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection with Tenant s request for Landlord s consent under Paragraph 21 or
in connection with any other act which Tenant proposes to do and which requires Landlord s consent. 

36. AUTHORITY
 OF PARTIES 

Landlord
represents and warrants that it has full right and authority to enter into this Lease and to perform all of Landlord s obligations
hereunder. Tenant represents and warrants that it has full right and authority to enter into this Lease and to perform all of Tenant s
obligations hereunder. 

37. SUCCESSORS
 AND ASSIGNS 

This
Lease shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Landlord, its successors and assigns, and shall be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of Tenant, its heirs, successors, and to the extent assignment is approved by Landlord hereunder, Tenant s assigns. 

38. FORCE
 MAJEURE 

Whenever
a period of time is herein prescribed for action to be taken by Landlord, Landlord shall not be liable or responsible for, and there
shall be excluded from the computation for any such period of time, any delays due to strikes, riots, acts of God, shortages of labor
or materials, war, terrorism, governmental laws, regulations or restrictions or any other causes of any kind whatsoever which are beyond
the control of Landlord. 

39. BROKERAGE
 COMMISSION 

Landlord
shall pay a brokerage commission to the Brokers identified in the Basic Lease Information in accordance with a separate agreement between
Landlord and such Brokers. Tenant warrants to Landlord that Tenant s sole contact with Landlord in connection with this transaction
has been through such Brokers, and that no other broker or finder can properly claim a right to a commission or a finder s fee
based upon contacts between the claimant and Tenant with respect to the leasing of the Premises. Tenant shall indemnify, defend by counsel
acceptable to Landlord, protect and hold Landlord harmless from and against any loss, cost or expense, including, but not limited to
attorneys fees and costs, resulting from any claim for a fee or commission by any broker or finder in connection with the Premises
and this Lease other than the Brokers identified in the Basic Lease Information. 

- 28 - 

40. WAIVER
 OF TRIAL BY JURY 

LANDLORD
AND TENANT HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON,
ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS LEASE OR ANY DOCUMENTS CONTEMPLATED TO BE EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ANY COURSE
OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALINGS, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF EITHER PARTY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED IN ANY MANNER
TO THE PREMISES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY ACTION TO RESCIND OR CANCEL THIS LEASE OR ANY CLAIMS OR DEFENSES ASSERTING THAT THIS
LEASE WAS FRAUDULENTLY INDUCED OR IS OTHERWISE VOID OR VOIDABLE). THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR LANDLORD TO ENTER INTO AND
ACCEPT THIS LEASE, AND SHALL SURVIVE THE EXPIRATION OR EARLIER TERMINATION OF THIS LEASE. 

41. SUBSTITUTION
 OF PREMISES 

At
any time after execution of this Lease, Landlord may substitute for the Premises other premises in the Project (the New Premises upon not less than sixty (60) days prior written notice, in which event the New Premises shall be deemed to be the Premises for
all purposes hereunder; provided, however, that (i) the area of the Premises is less than twenty-five (25 of the area of the Project;
(ii) the New Premises shall be similar in area and in appropriateness for Tenant s purpose; (iii) any such substitution is effected
for the purpose of accommodating a tenant who will occupy all or a substantial portion of the Premises; and (iv) if Tenant is occupying
the Premises at the time of such substitution, Landlord shall pay the expense of physically moving Tenant, Tenant s property and
equipment to the New Premises and shall, at Landlord s sole cost, improve the New Premises with improvements substantially similar
to those Landlord has committed to provide or has provided in the Premises. At Landlord s request, Tenant will execute an amendment
to this Lease memorializing the leasing of the New Premises and setting forth the correct data regarding the New Premises and the Rent
payable therefor. 

42. MISCELLANEOUS 

(a) General .
The term Tenant or any pronoun used in place thereof shall indicate and include the masculine or feminine, the singular
or plural number, individuals, firms or corporations, and their respective successors, heirs, executors, administrators and permitted
assigns, according to the context hereof. 

(b) Time .
Time is of the essence regarding this Lease and all of its provisions. 

(c) Choice
of Law . The laws of the State of Nevada shall in all respects govern this Lease. 

(d) Exhibits .
The Exhibits attached hereto are hereby incorporated herein by this reference. 

(e) Entire
Agreement . This Lease, together with its Exhibits, contains all the agreements of the parties hereto and supersedes any previous
negotiations. There have been no representations made by Landlord or understandings made between the parties other than those set forth
in this Lease and its Exhibits. 

(f) Modifications .
This Lease may not be modified except by a written instrument signed by the parties hereto. 

- 29 - 

(g) Severability .
If, for any reason whatsoever, any of the provisions hereof shall be unenforceable or ineffective, all of the other provisions shall
be and remain in full force and effect. 

(h) Recordation .
Tenant shall not record this Lease or a short form memorandum hereof. 

(i) Examination
of Lease . Submission of this Lease to Tenant does not constitute an option or offer to lease and this Lease is not effective otherwise
until execution and delivery by both Landlord and Tenant. 

(j) Accord
and Satisfaction . No payment by Tenant of a lesser amount than the Rent due nor any endorsement on any check or letter accompanying
any check or payment of Rent shall be deemed an accord and satisfaction of full payment of Rent, and Landlord may accept such payment
without prejudice to Landlord s right to recover the balance of such Rent or to pursue other remedies. 

(k) Joint
and Several Liability . All parties signing this Lease as Tenant shall be jointly and severally liable for all obligations of Tenant. 

(l) Easements .
Landlord may grant easements on or over the Project and dedicate for public use portions of the Project without Tenant s consent;
provided that no such grant or dedication shall substantially interfere with Tenant s use of the Premises. Upon Landlord s
demand, Tenant shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Landlord documents, instruments, maps and plats necessary to effectuate Tenant s
covenants hereunder. 

(m) Drafting
and Determination Presumption . The parties acknowledge that both parties have agreed to this Lease, that both Landlord and Tenant
have consulted with attorneys with respect to the terms of this Lease, and that no presumption shall be created against Landlord because
Landlord drafted this Lease. Except as otherwise specifically set forth in this Lease, with respect to any consent, determination or
estimation of Landlord required in this Lease or requested of Landlord, Landlord s consent, determination or estimation shall be
made in Landlord s good faith opinion, whether objectively reasonable or unreasonable. 

(n) Counterparts
and Electronic Signatures . This Lease may be executed in any number of counterparts, any or all of which may contain the signature
of any one of the Parties and all of which will be construed together as a single instrument. Electronic signatures on this Lease (or
copies of signatures sent by electronic means) are the equivalent of handwritten signatures. 

(o) No
Light, Air or View Easement . Any diminution or shutting off of light, air or view by any structure which may be erected on lands
adjacent to or in the vicinity of the Building shall in no way affect this Lease or impose any liability on Landlord. 

(p) No
Third Party Benefit . This Lease is a contract between Landlord and Tenant and nothing herein is intended to create any third party
benefit. 

- 30 - 

(q) Non-Discrimination .
Tenant hereby covenants to Landlord, and it is a condition to the continuance of this Lease, that there will be no discrimination against,
or segregation of, any person or group of persons on the basis of race, color, sex, creed, national origin or ancestry in the leasing,
subleasing, transferring, occupancy or use of the Premises or any portion thereof. 

(r) OFAC
Restrictions . Tenant warrants and represents to Landlord that Tenant is not, and shall not become, a person or entity with whom Landlord
is restricted from doing business under regulations of the Office of Foreign Asset Control OFAC of the Department
of the Treasury (including, but not limited to, those named on OFAC S Specially Designated and Blocked Persons list) or under any
statute, executive order (including, but not limited to, the September 24, 2001 Executive Order Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions
With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism), or other governmental action, and is not and shall not engage in
any dealings or transaction or be otherwise associated with such persons or entities. 

(s) Landlord
Lien Waiver . Landlord agrees that, upon request of Tenant, Landlord will subordinate its security interest and Landlord s lien
to the security interest of Tenant s institutional financial source with respect to the specified collateral covered by the security
interest, provided that such parties accept Landlord s standard landlord lien waiver agreement without material modification. Tn
the event Tenant or such institutional financial source elects to negotiate Landlord s form of agreement, Tenant shall reimburse
Landlord for all legal fees incurred by Landlord in conjunction therewith. 

[ END
OF GENERAL LEASE TERMS ] 

- 31 - 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.34>
 12
 ex10-34.htm

Exhibit 10.34 

FIRST
AMENDMENT TO INDUSTRIAL LEASE 

THIS
FIRST AMENDMENT TO INDUSTRIAL LEASE dated March 12, 2020 (this First Amendment ), is entered into by and between BRE
RS GREG PARK OWNER LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Landlord ), and DRAGONFLY ENERGY CORP. , a Nevada
corporation Tenant ), with reference to the following: 

R
E C I T A L S 

WHEREAS ,
The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, a Wisconsin corporation, dba Sparks Industrial Original Landlord ), and
Tenant entered into that certain Industrial Lease dated April 25, 2019 (the Lease ), for the lease of certain premises (the
 Original Premises consisting of approximately 15,200 square feet, commonly known as Suites 101-102 in the building located
at 1355 Greg Street, Sparks, Nevada Building C ). Landlord is the successor-in-interest to Original Landlord under the
Lease. All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Lease;
and 

WHEREAS ,
Landlord and Tenant desire by this First Amendment to amend the Lease in order to, among other things, (a) expand the Original Premises
leased by Tenant under the Lease to include certain additional premises (the Additional Premises ), consisting of approximately
5,025 square feet, commonly known as Suite 103 in the building located at 1335 Greg Street, Sparks, Nevada Building D );
(b) provide for the Rent to be paid by Tenant for the Additional Premises during the remainder of the original Term; and (c) further
amend, modify and supplement the Lease as set forth herein. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the Expanded Premises (as defined below) and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree as follows: 

1. Recitals .
The Recitals set forth above are incorporated herein as though set forth in full herein. 

2. Expansion
of the Original Premises . Commencing on May 1, 2020 (the Expansion Date ), Landlord shall lease to Tenant, and
Tenant shall lease from Landlord, the Additional Premises, as shown on Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein by
this reference, upon all of the terms and conditions of the Lease except as otherwise set forth herein. The Lease is hereby amended
such that, from and after the Expansion Date, all references in the Lease to the Premises shall mean and refer to the
entirety of the space in the Original Premises and the Additional Premises, which is approximately 20,225 square feet (the entirety
of such space is referred to herein as the Expanded Premises ). From and after the Expansion Date, all references in
the Lease to the Building shall mean (a) Building C with respect to the Original Premises, and (b) Building D with respect to the
Additional Premises. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Landlord shall not be obligated to deliver
possession of the Additional Premises to Tenant until Tenant has provided to Landlord evidence of liability and property insurance
coverage covering the Additional Premises pursuant to Section 8 of the Lease. 

3. Base
Rent for the Additional Premises . Landlord and Tenant agree that in addition to paying all other Rent due under the Lease
(including, without limitation, Base Rent for the Original Premises), commencing on the Expansion Date and continuing during the
remainder of the original Term, Tenant shall pay monthly Base Rent for the Additional Premises in accordance with the following
schedule: 

Period 
 Monthly Base Rent 
 
 May 1, 2020 April 30, 2021 
 4,020.00 
 
 May 1, 2021 April 30, 2022 
 4,140.60 
 
 May 1, 2022 April 30, 2023 
 4,264.82 
 
 May 1, 2023 April 30, 2024 
 4,392.76 

4. Tenant s
Proportionate Share of Building D . For purposes of calculating Tenant s Proportionate Share of Basic Operating Cost
for Building D, from and after the Expansion Date, Tenant s Proportionate Share of Building D shall be 8.28 . Tenant s
Share is based upon Building D containing approximately 60,674 square feet. 

5. Condition
of the Expanded Premises . Tenant acknowledges that it has been and continues to be in possession of the Original Premises,
is familiar with the condition of the Original Premises and accepts the Original Premises in its presently existing, as
is condition, with all faults and without representation, warranty or improvements by Landlord of any kind whatsoever. Except
as expressly provided in this First Amendment, Tenant hereby agrees that the Additional Premises shall be taken as is ,
 with all faults , without any representations or warranties. Tenant hereby acknowledges that it has had
an opportunity to investigate and inspect the condition the Additional Premises and the suitability of same for Tenant s
purposes, and Tenant does hereby waive and disclaim any objection to, cause of action based upon, or claim that its obligations
hereunder should be reduced or limited because of the condition of the Additional Premises, the Building or the Project or the
suitability of same for Tenant s purposes. Tenant acknowledges that neither Landlord nor any agent nor any employee of
Landlord has made any representations or warranty with respect to the Additional Premises, the Building or the Project or with
respect to the suitability of either for the conduct of Tenant s business and Tenant expressly warrants and represents that
Tenant has relied solely on its own investigation and inspection of the Additional Premises, the Building and the Project in its
decision to enter into this First Amendment and let the Additional Premises in an as is condition. No promise of
Landlord to alter, remodel, repair, or improve the Additional Premises, the Original Premises, or the Project, and no
representation, express or implied, respecting any matter or thing relating to the Additional Premises, the Original Premises, the
Project, or this First Amendment (including, without limitation, the condition of the Additional Premises, the Original Premises or
the Project) has been made to Tenant by Landlord or its broker or sales agent other than as may be contained in the Lease or this
First Amendment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall deliver the Additional Premises to Tenant broom clean and free of
debris on the Expansion Date, with the existing mechanical, plumbing and electrical systems serving the Additional Premises in good
operating condition on the Expansion Date and Landlord warrants that all heaters and mechanical systems serving the Additional
Premises (the Heaters and Mechanical Systems shall continue to operate in good working order for the period ending on
the date sixty (60) days after the Expansion Date (the Warranty Period ), except to the extent such failure in the
Heaters and Mechanical Systems to operate in good working order is caused by Tenant s use or alterations to the Additional
Premises or failure to properly maintain the Heaters and Mechanical Systems as required by this Lease. If a non-compliance with the
foregoing warranty exists as of the Expansion Date, Landlord shall, except as otherwise provided in the Lease, promptly after
receipt of written notice from Tenant setting forth with specificity the nature and extent of such non-compliance, commence to
rectify same at Landlord s expense. If Tenant does not give Landlord written notice of a non-compliance with this warranty
within thirty (30) days after the Expansion Date, correction of that non-compliance shall be the obligation of Tenant at
Tenant s sole cost and expense. If a non- compliance with the Heaters and Mechanical Systems warranty exists at any time prior
to the expiration of the Warranty Period, Landlord shall, except as otherwise provided in this Lease, promptly after receipt of
written notice from Tenant setting forth with specificity the nature and extent of such non-compliance, commence to rectify same at
Landlord s expense. If Tenant does not give Landlord written notice of a non-compliance on or before the expiration of the
Warranty Period, correction of that non-compliance shall be the obligation of Tenant at Tenant s sole cost and expense. In
addition, Landlord shall, at Landlord s sole cost and expense and using Building standard industrial materials, perform the
following improvements to the Additional Premises: 

(a)
repaint all painted walls in the office portion of the Additional Premises, including restrooms; (b) install new flooring in the
office portion of the Additional Premises, including restrooms; (c) install a new water faucet in break area; (d) install a new
toilet in the restroom; and (d) repair all warehouse walls and paint the walls white. 

- 2 - 

6. Security
Deposit . Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this First Amendment by Tenant, Tenant shall pay to Landlord the
amount of Five Thousand Three Hundred Forty Seven and 51/100 Dollars 5,347.51) to increase the Security Deposit being held by
Landlord under the Lease. Effective as of the date of this First Amendment, the Lease shall be amended by replacing all references
to the existing amount of the Security Deposit with the amount of Nineteen Thousand Fifty One and 54/100 Dollars 19,051.54), the
increased amount of the Security Deposit. 

7. Option
to Extend . Tenant shall continue to have the Option to extend the Term set forth in Exhibit D attached to the Lease,
provided that the Option must be exercised for the entire Expanded Premises. 

8. Parking .
In addition to the parking spaces allocated to Tenant in connection with Tenant s lease of the Original Premises, Tenant shall
have the right to use an additional six (6) unreserved parking spaces in the parking area for Building D in connection with
Tenant s lease of the Additional Premises, subject to the terms and conditions of the Lease. 

9. Tenant s
Insurance Requirements . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Lease, the insurance policies required
under the Lease shall contain an endorsement specifically naming the following as additional insureds: any ground lessor, any holder
of a mortgage or deed of trust which affects the Building, any property management company of Landlord for the Building, and any
other party designated by Landlord. 

- 3 - 

10. Landlord s
Address for Notices . The address for notices to Landlord under the Lease is hereby amended as follows: 

Landlord s
 Notice Address: 
 
 BRE
 RS Greg Park Owner LLC 

c/o
 Link Industrial Management LLC 

90
 Park Avenue, 32nd Floor 

New
 York, NY 1006 Attn: General Counsel 

With
 a copy to: 

BRE
 RS Greg Park Owner LLC 

c/o
 Link Industrial Management LLC 

220
 Commerce Drive, 4th Floor 

Fort
 Washington, PA 19034 

Attn:
 Lease Administration 

Email:
 leaseadministration@gptreit.com 

11. Estoppel .
Tenant hereby certifies and acknowledges, that as of the date hereof (a) Landlord is not in default in any respect under the Lease,
(b) Tenant does not have any defenses to its obligations under the Lease, (c) Landlord is holding a Security Deposit in the amount
of 13,704.03, subject to increase as provided in Section 6 above, and (d) there are no offsets against rent payable under the
Lease. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the representations herein set forth constitute a material consideration to Landlord
in entering into this First Amendment; (ii) such representations are being made by Tenant for purposes of inducing Landlord to enter
into this First Amendment; and (iii) Landlord is relying on such representations in entering into this First Amendment. 

12. Brokers .
Tenant hereby represents and warrants to Landlord that Tenant has not entered into any agreement or taken any other action which
might result in any obligation on the part of Landlord to pay any brokerage commission, finder s fee or other compensation
with respect to this First Amendment, other than to Kidder Mathews, and Tenant agrees to indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from
and against any losses, damages, costs or expenses (including without limitation, attorneys fees) incurred by Landlord by
reason of any breach or inaccuracy of such representation or warranty. 

13. Landlord s
Limitation of Liability . It is expressly understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything in the Lease (as hereby
amended) to the contrary, and notwithstanding any applicable law to the contrary, the liability of Landlord under the Lease, as
hereby amended, (including any successor Landlord) and any recourse by Tenant against Landlord shall be limited solely and
exclusively to the interest of Landlord in and to the Building C and Building D, and neither Landlord, nor any of its constituent
partners or members, shall have any personal liability therefor, and Tenant hereby expressly waives and releases such personal
liability on behalf of itself and all persons claiming by, through or under Tenant. Under no circumstances shall Landlord be liable
for injury to Tenant s business or for any loss of income or profit therefrom. 

14. Landlord
Exculpation . No present or future officer, director, employee, trustee, partner, member, manager or agent of Landlord shall
have any personal liability, directly or indirectly, and recourse shall not be had against any such officer, director, employee,
trustee, partner, member, manager or agent under or in connection with the Lease, as hereby amended, or any other document or
instrument heretofore or hereafter executed in connection with the Lease, as hereby amended. Tenant hereby waives and releases any
and all such personal liability and recourse. The limitations of liability provided in this Section are in addition to, and not in
limitation of, any limitation on liability applicable to Landlord provided by law or in any other contract, agreement or
instrument. 

- 4 - 

15. Ratification .
Except as specifically herein amended, the Lease is and shall remain in full force and effect according to the terms thereof. In the
event of any conflict between the Lease and this First Amendment, this First Amendment shall control. 

16. Attorneys 
Fees . Should either party institute any action or proceeding to enforce or interpret this First Amendment or any provision
thereof, for damages by reason of any alleged breach of this First Amendment or of any provision hereof, or for a declaration of
rights hereunder, the prevailing party in any such action or proceeding shall be entitled to receive from the other party all cost
and expenses, including actual attorneys and other fees, reasonably incurred in good faith by the prevailing party in
connection with such action or proceeding. The term attorneys and other fees shall mean and include
attorneys fees, accountants fees, and any and all consultants and other similar fees incurred in connection
with the action or proceeding and preparations therefore. The term action or proceeding shall mean and include
actions, proceedings, suits, arbitrations, appeals and other similar proceedings. 

17. Submission .
Submission of this First Amendment by Landlord to Tenant for examination and/or execution shall not in any manner bind Landlord and
no obligations on Landlord shall arise under this First Amendment unless and until this First Amendment is fully signed and
delivered by Landlord and Tenant; provided, however, the execution and delivery by Tenant of this First Amendment to Landlord shall
constitute an irrevocable offer by Tenant of the terms and conditions herein contained, which offer may not be revoked for thirty
(30) days after such delivery. 

18. Counterparts .
This First Amendment may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

[SIGNATURES
ON NEXT PAGE] 

- 5 - 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , this First Amendment has been executed by the parties as of the date first referenced above. 

Landlord 

BRE RS GREG PARK OWNER LLC , 

a Delaware limited liability company 

By: 
 /s/
 Joseph Finnigan 

Name:
 
 Joseph
 Finnigan 

Title:
 
 Vice
 President 

Tenant 

DRAGONFLY ENERGY CORP. , 

a Nevada corporation 

By: 
 /s/
 Denis Phares 

Name: 
 Denis
 Phares 

Title: 
 CEO 

- 6 - 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.35>
 13
 ex10-35.htm

Exhibit 10.35 

SECOND
AMENDMENT TO INDUSTRIAL LEASE 

THIS
SECOND AMENDMENT TO INDUSTRIAL LEASE dated July 27, 2020 (this Second Amendment ), is entered into by and between
 BRE RS GREG PARK OWNER LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Landlord ), and DRAGONFLY ENERGY CORP. ,
a Nevada corporation Tenant ), with reference to the following: 

R
E C I T A L S 

WHEREAS ,
The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, a Wisconsin corporation, dba Sparks Industrial Original Landlord ),
and Tenant entered into that certain Industrial Lease dated April 25, 2019, amended by that First Amendment to Industrial Lease dated
March 12, 2020 by and between Landlord and Tenant (collectively the Lease ), for the lease of certain premises (the
 Current Premises consisting of approximately 20,225 square feet, commonly known as Suites 101-102 in the building
located at 1355 Greg Street, Sparks, Nevada Building C and Suite 103 in the building located at 1335 Greg Street,
Sparks, Nevada Building D ). Landlord is the successor-in-interest to Original Landlord under the Lease. All capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Lease; and 

WHEREAS ,
Landlord and Tenant desire by this Second Amendment to amend the Lease in order to, among other things, (a) expand the Current Premises
leased by Tenant under the Lease to include certain additional premises consisting of approximately 4,800 square feet, commonly known
as Suite 104 Suite 104 in the building located at 1375 Greg Street, Sparks, Nevada Building B );
(b) extend the Term with respect to Tenant s lease of Suite 104 only; (c) provide for the Rent to be paid by Tenant for Suite 104
during the Suite 104 Term (as defined below); and (d) further amend, modify and supplement the Lease as set forth herein. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the Expanded Premises (as defined below) and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree as follows: 

1. Recitals .
The Recitals set forth above are incorporated herein as though set forth in full herein. 

2. Condition
Precedent . Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that Suite 104 is currently occupied by another tenant (the Existing
Tenant ). This Second Amendment is expressly conditioned upon (a) the execution by Landlord and the Existing Tenant of an
agreement terminating the Existing Tenant s lease of the Suite 104, upon terms and conditions acceptable to Landlord in its
sole and absolute discretion, and (b) the Existing Tenant s vacation and surrender of the Suite 104 to Landlord (collectively,
the Condition Precedent ). 

3. Expansion
of the Current Premises . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Lease and subject to the satisfaction of
the Condition Precedent, commencing on August 1, 2020 (the Suite 104 Expansion Date ), Landlord shall lease to
Tenant, and Tenant shall lease from Landlord, Suite 104 as shown on Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein by this
reference, upon all of the terms and conditions of the Lease except as otherwise set forth herein. The Lease is hereby amended such
that, from the Suite 104 Expansion Date until the Current Premises Expiration Date (as defined below), all references in the Lease
to the Premises shall mean and refer to the entirety of the space in the Current Premises and Suite 104, which is
approximately 25,025 square feet (the entirety of such space is referred to herein as the Expanded Premises ).
From and after the Suite 104 Expansion Date, all references in the Lease to the Building shall mean (a) Building C or Building D, as
applicable, with respect to the Current Premises, and (b) Building B with respect to Suite 104. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein, Landlord shall not be obligated to deliver possession of Suite 104 to Tenant until Tenant has provided to
Landlord evidence of liability and property insurance coverage covering Suite 104 pursuant to Section 8 of the Original
Lease. 

4. Extension
of Term . Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that the Term expires according to the terms of the Lease on April 30, 2024.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Lease, Landlord and Tenant agree that the Term shall be extended such that
Tenant s lease of Suite 104 shall terminate on July 31, 2025 (the Suite 104 Expiration Date ), unless
sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of the Lease. The period from the Suite 104 Expansion Date through the Suite 104
Expiration Date shall be referred to herein as the Suite 104 Term . Tenant acknowledges that Tenant s
lease of the Current Premises under the Lease shall expire on April 30, 2024 (the Current Premises Expiration
Date ). Tenant acknowledges that Tenant has no option or right to extend the term of Tenant s lease of the Expanded
Premises beyond the Current Premises Expiration Date, except as expressly provided in Exhibit D attached to the Original Lease
(provided that all references in Exhibit D to the Premises shall mean and refer to the Current Premises), and Tenant has no option
or right to extend the Suite 104 Term beyond the Suite 104 Expiration Date, except as expressly provided in Exhibit D attached to
the Original Lease (provided that all references in Exhibit D to the Term shall mean and refer to the Suite 104 Term and all
references in Exhibit D to the Premises shall mean and refer to Suite 104). 

5. Base
Rent for Suite 104 . Landlord and Tenant agree that in addition to paying all other Rent due under the Lease (including,
without limitation, Base Rent for the Current Premises), Tenant shall pay monthly Base Rent for Suite 104 during the Suite 104 Term
in accordance with the following schedule: 

Period 
 Monthly Base Rent 
 
 August 1, 2020 July 31, 2021 
 4,464.00 
 
 August 1, 2021 July 31, 2022 
 4,597.92 
 
 August 1, 2022 July 31, 2023 
 4,735.86 
 
 August 1, 2023 July 31, 2024 
 4,877.93 
 
 August 1, 2024 July 31, 2025 
 5,024.27 

6. Tenant s
Proportionate Share of Building B . For purposes of calculating Tenant s Proportionate Share of Basic Operating Cost
with respect to Suite 104 for Building B, commencing on the Suite 104 Expansion Date and continuing until the expiration of the
Suite 104 Term, Tenant s Proportionate Share of Building B shall be 7.91 . Tenant s Proportionate Share is based upon
Building B containing approximately 60,674 square feet (i.e., 4,800/60,674 = 7.91 ). 

- 2 - 

7. Condition
of the Expanded Premises . Tenant acknowledges that it has been and continues to be in possession of the Current Premises, is
familiar with the condition of the Current Premises and accepts the Current Premises in its presently existing, AS IS 
condition, with all faults and without representation, warranty or improvements by Landlord of any kind whatsoever. Except as
expressly provided in this Second Amendment, Tenant hereby agrees that Suite 104 shall be taken AS IS , with all
faults , without any representations or warranties. Tenant hereby acknowledges that it has had an opportunity to
investigate and inspect the condition Suite 104 and the suitability of same for Tenant s purposes, and Tenant does hereby
waive and disclaim any objection to, cause of action based upon, or claim that its obligations hereunder should be reduced or
limited because of the condition of Suite 104, the Building or the Project or the suitability of same for Tenant s purposes.
Tenant acknowledges that neither Landlord nor any agent nor any employee of Landlord has made any representations or warranty with
respect to Suite 104, the Building or the Project or with respect to the suitability of either for the conduct of Tenant s
business and Tenant expressly warrants and represents that Tenant has relied solely on its own investigation and inspection of Suite
104, the Building and the Project in its decision to enter into this Second Amendment and let Suite 104 in an As Is 
condition. No promise of Landlord to alter, remodel, repair, or improve Suite 104, the Current Premises, or the Project, and no
representation, express or implied, respecting any matter or thing relating to Suite 104, the Current Premises, the Project, or this
Second Amendment (including, without limitation, the condition of Suite 104, the Current Premises or the Project) has been made to
Tenant by Landlord or its broker or sales agent other than as may be contained in the Lease or this Second Amendment.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall deliver Suite 104 to Tenant broom clean and free of debris on the Suite 104 Expansion
Date, with the existing mechanical, plumbing and electrical systems serving Suite 104 and the emergency and exit signs located in
Suite 104 in good operating condition on the Suite 104 Expansion Date and Landlord warrants that all heaters and mechanical systems
serving Suite 104 (the Heaters and Mechanical Systems shall continue to operate in good working order for the
period ending on the date ninety (90) days after the Suite 104 Expansion Date (the Warranty Period ), except to
the extent such failure in the Heaters and Mechanical Systems to operate in good working order is caused by Tenant s use or
alterations to Suite 104 or failure to properly maintain the Heaters and Mechanical Systems as required by the Lease. If a
non-compliance with the foregoing exists as of the Suite 104 Expansion Date, Landlord shall, except as otherwise provided in the
Lease, promptly after receipt of written notice from Tenant setting forth with specificity the nature and extent of such
non-compliance, commence to rectify same at Landlord s expense. If Tenant does not give Landlord written notice of a
non-compliance within thirty (30) days after the Suite 104 Expansion Date, correction of that non-compliance shall be the obligation
of Tenant at Tenant s sole cost and expense. If a non-compliance with the Heaters and Mechanical Systems warranty exists at
any time prior to the expiration of the Warranty Period, Landlord shall, except as otherwise provided in this Lease, promptly after
receipt of written notice from Tenant setting forth with specificity the nature and extent of such non-compliance, commence to
rectify same at Landlord s expense. If Tenant does not give Landlord written notice of a non-compliance on or before the
expiration of the Warranty Period, correction of that non-compliance shall be the obligation of Tenant at Tenant s sole cost
and expense. In addition, Landlord shall, at Landlord s sole cost and expense and using Building standard industrial
materials, perform the following improvements in Suite 104: (a) repaint all painted walls; (b) install new carpet in the carpeted
areas of the upstairs office portion of Suite 104, including new sheet vinyl in restrooms, and vinyl composition tile in the
downstairs portion of Suite 104; (c) demolish all existing tile and laminate countertops in lab area; (d) replace stained ceiling
tiles; (e) remove and replace mercury thermostat with digital thermostat; (f) deep clean lab hoods/ductwork and general office and
warehouse areas; and (g) repair all warehouse walls and repaint the walls. 

- 3 - 

8. Security
Deposit . Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Second Amendment by Tenant, Tenant shall pay to Landlord the
amount of Five Thousand Seven Hundred Forty Four and 27/100 Dollars 5,744.27) to increase the Security Deposit being held by
Landlord under the Lease. Effective as of the date of this Second Amendment, the Lease shall be amended by replacing all references
to the existing amount of the Security Deposit with the amount of Twenty Four Thousand Seven Hundred Ninety Five and 81/100 Dollars 24,795.81), the increased amount of the Security Deposit. 

9. Parking .
In addition to the parking spaces allocated to Tenant in connection with Tenant s lease of the Current Premises, Tenant shall
have the right to use an additional five (5) unreserved parking spaces in the parking area for Building B in connection with
Tenant s lease of Suite 104, subject to the terms and conditions of the Lease. 

10. Estoppel .
Tenant hereby certifies and acknowledges, that as of the date hereof (a) Landlord is not in default in any respect under the Lease,
(b) Tenant does not have any defenses to its obligations under the Lease, (c) Landlord is holding a Security Deposit in the amount
of 19,051.54, subject to increase as provided in Section 8 above, and (d) there are no offsets against rent payable under the
Lease. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the representations herein set forth constitute a material consideration to Landlord
in entering into this Second Amendment; (ii) such representations are being made by Tenant for purposes of inducing Landlord to
enter into this Second Amendment; and (iii) Landlord is relying on such representations in entering into this Second
Amendment. 

11. Brokers .
Tenant hereby represents and warrants to Landlord that Tenant has not entered into any agreement or taken any other action which
might result in any obligation on the part of Landlord to pay any brokerage commission, finder s fee or other compensation
with respect to this Second Amendment, other than to Kidder Mathews, and Tenant agrees to indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from
and against any losses, damages, costs or expenses (including without limitation, attorneys fees) incurred by Landlord by
reason of any breach or inaccuracy of such representation or warranty. 

12. Landlord s
Limitation of Liability . It is expressly understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything in the Lease (as hereby
amended) to the contrary, and notwithstanding any applicable law to the contrary, the liability of Landlord under the Lease, as
hereby amended, (including any successor Landlord) and any recourse by Tenant against Landlord shall be limited solely and
exclusively to the interest of Landlord in and to the Building C, Building D and Building B, and neither Landlord, nor any of its
constituent partners or members, shall have any personal liability therefor, and Tenant hereby expressly waives and releases such
personal liability on behalf of itself and all persons claiming by, through or under Tenant. Under no circumstances shall Landlord
be liable for injury to Tenant s business or for any loss of income or profit therefrom. 

13. Landlord
Exculpation . No present or future officer, director, employee, trustee, partner, member, manager or agent of Landlord shall
have any personal liability, directly or indirectly, and recourse shall not be had against any such officer, director, employee,
trustee, partner, member, manager or agent under or in connection with the Lease, as hereby amended, or any other document or
instrument heretofore or hereafter executed in connection with the Lease, as hereby amended. Tenant hereby waives and releases any
and all such personal liability and recourse. The limitations of liability provided in this Section are in addition to, and not in
limitation of, any limitation on liability applicable to Landlord provided by law or in any other contract, agreement or
instrument. 

- 4 - 

14. Ratification .
Except as specifically herein amended, the Lease is and shall remain in full force and effect according to the terms thereof. In the
event of any conflict between the Lease and this Second Amendment, this Second Amendment shall control. 

15. Attorneys 
Fees . Should either party institute any action or proceeding to enforce or interpret this Second Amendment or any provision
thereof, for damages by reason of any alleged breach of this Second Amendment or of any provision hereof, or for a declaration of
rights hereunder, the prevailing party in any such action or proceeding shall be entitled to receive from the other party all cost
and expenses, including actual attorneys and other fees, reasonably incurred in good faith by the prevailing party in
connection with such action or proceeding. The term attorneys and other fees shall mean and include
attorneys fees, accountants fees, and any and all consultants and other similar fees incurred in connection
with the action or proceeding and preparations therefore. The term action or proceeding shall mean and include
actions, proceedings, suits, arbitrations, appeals and other similar proceedings. 

16. Submission .
Submission of this Second Amendment by Landlord to Tenant for examination and/or execution shall not in any manner bind Landlord and
no obligations on Landlord shall arise under this Second Amendment unless and until this Second Amendment is fully signed and
delivered by Landlord and Tenant; provided, however, the execution and delivery by Tenant of this Second Amendment to Landlord shall
constitute an irrevocable offer by Tenant of the terms and conditions herein contained, which offer may not be revoked for thirty
(30) days after such delivery. 

17. Counterparts;
Facsimile, Electronic and Emailed Signatures . This Second Amendment may be executed in several counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Second
Amendment transmitted by facsimile, email, DocuSign or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal
effect as delivery of an original executed copy of this Second Amendment for all purposes. 

[SIGNATURES
ON NEXT PAGE] 

- 5 - 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , this Second Amendment has been executed by the parties as of the date Second referenced above. 

Landlord 

BRE
 RS GREG PARK OWNER LLC , 

a Delaware limited liability company 

By: 
 /s/
 Joseph Finnigan 

Name: 
 Joseph
 Finnigan 

Title: 
 Vice
 President 

Tenant 

DRAGONFLY
 ENERGY CORP. , 

a Nevada corporation 

By: 
 /s/
 Denis Phares 

Name: 
 Denis
 Phares 

Title: 
 CEO 

- 6 - 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-10.36>
 14
 ex10-36.htm

Exhibit
10.36 

THIRD
AMENDMENT TO INDUSTRIAL LEASE 

THIS
THIRD AMENDMENT TO INDUSTRIAL LEASE dated 8/26/2020 , 2020 (this Third Amendment ), is entered into by
and between BRE RS GREG PARK OWNER LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Landlord ), and DRAGONFLY
ENERGY CORP ., a Nevada corporation Tenant ), with reference to the following: 

R
E C I T A L S 

WHEREAS ,
The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, a Wisconsin corporation, dba Sparks Industrial Original Landlord ),
and Tenant entered into that certain Industrial Lease dated April 25, 2019, amended by that First Amendment to Industrial Lease dated
March 12, 2020 by and between Landlord and Tenant, and that certain Second Amendment to Industrial Lease dated July 17, 2020 (the Second
Amendment by and between Landlord and Tenant (collectively the Lease ), for the lease of certain premises
(the Current Premises consisting of approximately 25,025 square feet, commonly known as Suite 104 Suite
104 in the building located at 1375 Greg Street, Sparks, Nevada Building B ), Suites 101-102 Suites
101-102 in the building located at 1355 Greg Street, Sparks, Nevada Building C ), and Suite 103 Suite
103 in the building located at 1335 Greg Street, Sparks, Nevada Building D ). Landlord is the successor-in-
interest to Original Landlord under the Lease. All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
ascribed to such terms in the Lease; and 

WHEREAS ,
Landlord and Tenant desire by this Third Amendment to amend the Lease in order to, among other things, (a) expand the Current Premises
leased by Tenant under the Lease to include certain additional premises consisting of approximately 4,800 square feet, commonly known
as Suite 107 Suite 107 in Building B; (b) provide for the Rent to be paid by Tenant for Suite 107 during the remainder
of the Suite 104 Term (as defined in the Second Amendment); and (c) further amend, modify and supplement the Lease as set forth herein. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the Expanded Premises (as defined below) and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree as follows: 

1.
 Recitals . The Recitals set forth above are incorporated herein as though set forth in full herein. 

2.
 Expansion of the Current Premises . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Lease, commencing on September
1, 2020 (the Suite 107 Expansion Date ), Landlord shall lease to Tenant, and Tenant shall lease from Landlord, Suite
107 as shown on Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference, upon all of the terms and conditions of the
Lease except as otherwise set forth herein. The Lease is hereby amended such that, from the Suite 107 Expansion Date until the Suites
101-103 Expiration Date (as defined below), all references in the Lease to the Premises shall mean and refer to
the entirety of the space in the Current Premises and Suite 107, which is approximately 29,825 square feet (the entirety of such space
is referred to herein as the Expanded Premises ). From and after the Suite 107 Expansion Date, all references in
the Lease to the Building shall mean Building B with respect to Suites 104 and 107. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, Landlord shall not be obligated to deliver possession of Suite 107 to Tenant until Tenant has provided to Landlord evidence of
liability and property insurance coverage covering Suite 107 pursuant to Section 8 of the Original Lease. 

3.
 Lease of Suites 104 and 107 are Coterminous; Lease of Suites 101, 102 and 103 are Coterminous . Landlord and Tenant acknowledge
and agree that the Term of Tenant s lease of Suite 104 and Suite 107 shall terminate on July 31, 2025 (the Suites 104
and 107 Expiration Date ), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of the Lease. Tenant acknowledges that Tenant s
lease of Suites 101-102 and Suite 103 Suites 101-103 under the Lease shall expire on April 30, 2024 (the Suites
101-103 Expiration Date ). Tenant acknowledges that Tenant has no option or right to extend the term of Tenant s lease
of Suites 101-103 beyond the Suites 101-103 Expiration Date, except as expressly provided in Exhibit D attached to the Original Lease
(provided that all references in Exhibit D to the Premises shall mean and refer to Suites 101-103), and Tenant has no option or right
to extend the Suite 104 Term (as defined in the Second Amendment) beyond the Suites 104 and 107 Expiration Date, except as expressly
provided in Exhibit D attached to the Original Lease (provided that all references in Exhibit D to the Term shall mean and refer to the
Suite 104 Term and all references in Exhibit D to the Premises shall mean and refer to Suite 104 and Suite 107). 

4.
 Base Rent for Suite 107 . Landlord and Tenant agree that in addition to paying all other Rent due under the Lease (including,
without limitation, Base Rent for Suites 101-103 and Suite 104), Tenant shall pay monthly Base Rent for Suite 107 during the remainder
of the Suite 104 Term in accordance with the following schedule: 

Period 
 Monthly Base Rent 
 
 September 1, 2020 August 31, 2021 
 4,080.00 
 
 September 1, 2021 August 31, 2022 
 4,202.40 
 
 September 1, 2022 August 31, 2023 
 4,328.47 
 
 September 1, 2023 August 31, 2024 
 4,458.33 
 
 September 1, 2024 July 31, 2025 
 4,592.08 

5.
 Tenant s Proportionate Share of Building B . For purposes of calculating Tenant s Proportionate Share of Basic
Operating Cost with respect to Suite 104 and Suite 107 for Building B, commencing on the Suite 107 Expansion Date and continuing until
the expiration of the Suite 104 Term, Tenant s Proportionate Share of Building B shall be 15.82 . Tenant s Proportionate
Share is based upon Building B containing approximately 60,674 square feet (i.e., 9,600/60,674 = 15.82 ). 

- 2 - 

6.
 Condition of the Expanded Premises . Tenant acknowledges that it has been and continues to be in possession of the Current
Premises, is familiar with the condition of the Current Premises and accepts the Current Premises in its presently existing, AS
IS condition, with all faults and without representation, warranty or improvements by Landlord of any kind whatsoever. Except
as expressly provided in this Third Amendment, Tenant hereby agrees that Suite 107 shall be taken AS IS , with all
faults , without any representations or warranties. Tenant hereby acknowledges that it has had an opportunity to
investigate and inspect the condition Suite 107 and the suitability of same for Tenant s purposes, and Tenant does hereby waive
and disclaim any objection to, cause of action based upon, or claim that its obligations hereunder should be reduced or limited because
of the condition of Suite 107, the Building or the Project or the suitability of same for Tenant s purposes. Tenant acknowledges
that neither Landlord nor any agent nor any employee of Landlord has made any representations or warranty with respect to Suite 107,
the Building or the Project or with respect to the suitability of either for the conduct of Tenant s business and Tenant expressly
warrants and represents that Tenant has relied solely on its own investigation and inspection of Suite 107, the Building and the Project
in its decision to enter into this Third Amendment and let Suite 107 in an As Is condition. No promise of Landlord to alter,
remodel, repair, or improve Suite 107, the Current Premises, or the Project, and no representation, express or implied, respecting any
matter or thing relating to Suite 107, the Current Premises, the Project, or this Third Amendment (including, without limitation, the
condition of Suite 107, the Current Premises or the Project) has been made to Tenant by Landlord or its broker or sales agent other than
as may be contained in the Lease or this Third Amendment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall deliver Suite 107 to Tenant broom
clean and free of debris on the Suite 107 Expansion Date, with the existing mechanical, plumbing and electrical systems serving Suite
107 and the emergency and exit signs located in Suite 107 in good operating condition on the Suite 107 Expansion Date and Landlord warrants
that all heaters and mechanical systems serving Suite 107 (the Heaters and Mechanical Systems shall continue to
operate in good working order for the period ending on the date ninety (90) days after the Suite 107 Expansion Date (the Warranty
Period ), except to the extent such failure in the Heaters and Mechanical Systems to operate in good working order is caused
by Tenant s use or alterations to Suite 107 or failure to properly maintain the Heaters and Mechanical Systems as required by the
Lease. If a non-compliance with the foregoing exists as of the Suite 107 Expansion Date, Landlord shall, except as otherwise provided
in the Lease, promptly after receipt of written notice from Tenant setting forth with specificity the nature and extent of such non-compliance,
commence to rectify same at Landlord s expense. If Tenant does not give Landlord written notice of a non-compliance within thirty
(30) days after the Suite 107 Expansion Date, correction of that non-compliance shall be the obligation of Tenant at Tenant s sole
cost and expense. If a non-compliance with the Heaters and Mechanical Systems warranty exists at any time prior to the expiration of
the Warranty Period, Landlord shall, except as otherwise provided in this Lease, promptly after receipt of written notice from Tenant
setting forth with specificity the nature and extent of such non-compliance, commence to rectify same at Landlord s expense. If
Tenant does not give Landlord written notice of a non-compliance on or before the expiration of the Warranty Period, correction of that
non-compliance shall be the obligation of Tenant at Tenant s sole cost and expense. 

7.
 Security Deposit . Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Third Amendment by Tenant, Tenant shall pay to Landlord
the amount of Five Thousand Three Hundred Twelve and 08/100 Dollars 5,312.08) to increase the Security Deposit being held by Landlord
under the Lease. Effective as of the date of this Third Amendment, the Lease shall be amended by replacing all references to the existing
amount of the Security Deposit with the amount of Thirty Thousand One Hundred Seven and 89/100 Dollars 30,107.89), the increased amount
of the Security Deposit. 

8.
 Parking . In addition to the parking spaces allocated to Tenant in connection with Tenant s lease of the Current Premises,
Tenant shall have the right to use an additional five (5) unreserved parking spaces in the parking area for Building B in connection
with Tenant s lease of Suite 107, subject to the terms and conditions of the Lease. 

- 3 - 

9.
 Estoppel . Tenant hereby certifies and acknowledges, that as of the date hereof (a) Landlord is not in default in any respect
under the Lease, (b) Tenant does not have any defenses to its obligations under the Lease, (c) Landlord is holding a Security Deposit
in the amount of 24,795.81, subject to increase as provided in Section 7 above, and (d) there are no offsets against rent payable under
the Lease. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the representations herein set forth constitute a material consideration to Landlord
in entering into this Third Amendment; (ii) such representations are being made by Tenant for purposes of inducing Landlord to enter
into this Third Amendment; and (iii) Landlord is relying on such representations in entering into this Third Amendment. 

10.
 Brokers . Tenant hereby represents and warrants to Landlord that Tenant has not entered into any agreement or taken any
other action which might result in any obligation on the part of Landlord to pay any brokerage commission, finder s fee or other
compensation with respect to this Third Amendment, other than to Kidder Mathews, and Tenant agrees to indemnify and hold Landlord harmless
from and against any losses, damages, costs or expenses (including without limitation, attorneys fees) incurred by Landlord by
reason of any breach or inaccuracy of such representation or warranty. 

11.
 Landlord s Limitation of Liability . It is expressly understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything in the Lease
(as hereby amended) to the contrary, and notwithstanding any applicable law to the contrary, the liability of Landlord under the Lease,
as hereby amended, (including any successor Landlord) and any recourse by Tenant against Landlord shall be limited solely and exclusively
to the interest of Landlord in and to the Building C, Building D and Building B, and neither Landlord, nor any of its constituent partners
or members, shall have any personal liability therefor, and Tenant hereby expressly waives and releases such personal liability on behalf
of itself and all persons claiming by, through or under Tenant. Under no circumstances shall Landlord be liable for injury to Tenant s
business or for any loss of income or profit therefrom. 

12.
 Landlord Exculpation . No present or future officer, director, employee, trustee, partner, member, manager or agent of Landlord
shall have any personal liability, directly or indirectly, and recourse shall not be had against any such officer, director, employee,
trustee, partner, member, manager or agent under or in connection with the Lease, as hereby amended, or any other document or instrument
heretofore or hereafter executed in connection with the Lease, as hereby amended. Tenant hereby waives and releases any and all such
personal liability and recourse. The limitations of liability provided in this Section are in addition to, and not in limitation of,
any limitation on liability applicable to Landlord provided by law or in any other contract, agreement or instrument. 

13.
 Ratification . Except as specifically herein amended, the Lease is and shall remain in full force and effect according to
the terms thereof. In the event of any conflict between the Lease and this Third Amendment, this Third Amendment shall control. 

14.
 Attorneys Fees . Should either party institute any action or proceeding to enforce or interpret this Third Amendment
or any provision thereof, for damages by reason of any alleged breach of this Third Amendment or of any provision hereof, or for a declaration
of rights hereunder, the prevailing party in any such action or proceeding shall be entitled to receive from the other party all cost
and expenses, including actual attorneys and other fees, reasonably incurred in good faith by the prevailing party in connection
with such action or proceeding. The term attorneys and other fees shall mean and include attorneys fees,
accountants fees, and any and all consultants and other similar fees incurred in connection with the action or proceeding
and preparations therefore. The term action or proceeding shall mean and include actions, proceedings, suits, arbitrations,
appeals and other similar proceedings. 

- 4 - 

15.
 Submission . Submission of this Third Amendment by Landlord to Tenant for examination and/or execution shall not in any
manner bind Landlord and no obligations on Landlord shall arise under this Third Amendment unless and until this Third Amendment is fully
signed and delivered by Landlord and Tenant; provided, however, the execution and delivery by Tenant of this Third Amendment to Landlord
shall constitute an irrevocable offer by Tenant of the terms and conditions herein contained, which offer may not be revoked for thirty
(30) days after such delivery. 

16.
 Counterparts; Facsimile, Electronic and Emailed Signatures . This Third Amendment may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this
Third Amendment transmitted by facsimile, email, DocuSign or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same
legal effect as delivery of an original executed copy of this Third Amendment for all purposes. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , this Third Amendment has been executed by the parties as of the date Second referenced above. 

Landlord 

BRE
 RS GREG PARK OWNER LLC , 

a
 Delaware limited liability company 

By:
 
 /s/
 Joseph Finnigan 

Name:
 
 Joseph
 Finnigan 

Title:
 
 Vice
 President 

Tenant 

DRAGONFLY
 ENERGY CORP., 

a
 Nevada corporation 

By:
 
 /s/
 Denis Phares 

Name:
 
 Denis
 Phares 

Title:
 
 CEO 

- 5 - 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-10.37>
 15
 ex10-37.htm

Exhibit
10.37 

Property:
 
 br40428 
 1355
 Greg Street, Suite 101-102, Sparks, NV 

br40429 
 1335
 Greg Street, Suite 103, Sparks, NV 

br40427 
 1375
 Greg Street, Suite 104, Sparks, NV 

br40427 
 1375
 Greg Street, Suite 107, Sparks, NV 

FOURTH
AMENDMENT TO INDUSTRIAL LEASE 

THIS
FOURTH AMENDMENT TO INDUSTRIAL LEASE (this Fourth Amendment is made and entered into as of the 16th day of December,
2020, by and between BRE RS GREG PARK OWNER LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, successor-in-interest to The Northwestern Mutual
Life Insurance Company Landlord ), and DRAGONFLY ENERGY CORP., a Nevada corporation Tenant ). 

BACKGROUND 

A. Landlord
and Tenant are parties to that certain Industrial Lease, dated April 25, 2019 (the Original Lease ), as amended by
that certain First Amendment to Industrial Lease dated March 12, 2020 (the First Amendment ), as amended by that
certain Second Amendment to Industrial Lease dated July 27, 2020 (the Second Amendment ), and as amended by that
certain Third Amendment to Industrial Lease dated August 26, 2020 (the Third Amendment and, together with the Original
Lease, First Amendment and Second Amendment, collectively, the Lease ), covering certain premises containing approximately
29,825 rentable square feet known as Suites 101-102, 103 and 104, located at 1355 Greg Street, Sparks, NV, 1335 Greg Street, Sparks,
NV and 1375 Sparks Street, Sparks, NV (collectively, the Premises ), as more fully described in the Lease. 

B. The
Premises consists of the following: (i) approximately 15,200 rentable square feet known as Suites 101-102 located at 1355 Greg Street,
Sparks, NV (the Original Premises ); (ii) approximately 5,025 rentable square feet known as Suite 103 located at
1335 Greg Street, Sparks, NV (the First Expansion Premises ); (iii) approximately 4,800 rentable square feet known
as Suite 104 located at 1375 Greg Street, Sparks, NV (the Second Expansion Premises ); and (iv) approximately 4,800
rentable square feet known as Suite 107 located at 1375 Greg Street, Sparks, NV (the Third Expansion Premises ).
As used herein, Premises shall refer to the Original Premises, First Expansion Premises, Second Expansion Premises and
Third Expansion Premises. 

C. Landlord
and Tenant desire to amend the Lease as set forth below. 

AGREEMENT 

NOW,
THEREFORE , the parties hereto, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein and in the Lease, and intending
to be legally bound, hereby agree that the Lease is amended as follows: 

1. Capitalized
Terms . Except as specifically defined in this Fourth Amendment, capitalized terms shall have the same meanings given to such terms
in the Lease. 

2. Premises . 

(a) Effective
at 11:59 P.M. local time on April 30, 2021 (the Surrender Space Effective Date ), the Lease shall be amended by reducing
the approximate rentable square feet of the Premises from 29,825 rentable square feet to 9,600 rentable square feet. The Original Premises
and the First Expansion Premises consisting of a total of approximately 20,225 rentable square feet (the Surrender Space ),
as shown on Exhibit A attached hereto, shall be surrendered by Tenant pursuant to this Fourth Amendment. Accordingly,
effective on the Surrender Space Effective Date, (i) the Surrender Space shall no longer be deemed to be a part of the Premises under
the Lease, as hereby amended, and (ii) the Premises shall only consist of that certain space referred to as the Second Expansion Premises
and the Third Expansion Premises containing approximately 9,600 rentable square feet, as shown on Exhibit B attached
hereto. 

(b) On
or before the Surrender Space Effective Date, such time to be of the essence, Tenant shall vacate and surrender the Surrender Space to
Landlord, leaving same in the condition the Premises is required to be surrendered under the Lease, as hereby amended. 

3. Base
Rent : Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Tenant shall continue to pay all Base Rent, Basic Operating Costs
and all other sums payable under the Lease through and including the Surrender Space Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, following
the Surrender Space Effective Date, Tenant shall not be responsible for Rent for the Surrender Space. 

4. Tenant s
Proportionate Share . Effective on the Surrender Space Effective Date, the Proportionate Share of the Premises shall equal 15.82 
for the Second Expansion Premises and the Third Expansion Premises. 

5. Basic
Operating Cost . Following the Surrender Space Effective Date, neither party shall have any further rights or obligations under the
Lease as it relates to the Surrender Space, other than any obligations of Tenant which by their terms survive the expiration or earlier
termination of the Lease, including, without limitation, Tenant s obligation to pay any deficiency as required under Section 7
of the Lease entitled Basic Operating Cost . 

6. Contingency .
This Fourth Amendment and the obligations of the parties hereunder are contingent upon the execution of a lease agreement for the Surrender
Space, in form and substance satisfactory to Landlord, by and between Landlord and another tenant. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that
Landlord is not making any representation or warranty as to whether the foregoing contingency will be satisfied. Tenant hereby waives
and releases Landlord from and against, any and all claims for recovery against Landlord for any loss or damage to Tenant arising out
of or in connection with the foregoing contingency not being satisfied. 

7. Condition
of Premises . Tenant shall continue to accept the Premises, as so decreased, in their AS-IS WHERE-IS condition
and Landlord shall not be required to perform any tenant finish or other work to the Premises, the base Building or Building systems,
nor to provide Tenant any tenant finish allowance or other allowance or inducement in connection with the execution of this Fourth Amendment. 

- 2 - 

8. Notices .
All notices to Landlord shall be addressed to: 

BRE
RS GREG PARK OWNER LLC 

Attention: 

and 

BRE
RS GREG PARK OWNER LLC 

Attention: 

Email: 

With
a copy, with respect to certificates 

of
insurance, to 

9. Security
Deposit . The Security Deposit currently being held by Landlord under the Lease, shall continue to be retained by Landlord as security
for the obligations of Tenant hereunder, or applied to any deficiency with respect to the Surrender Space. If Tenant complies fully and
faithfully with all of the provisions of the Lease, as amended hereby, then Landlord shall return a portion of the Security Deposit equal
to 19,051.54, which amount represents the security held by Landlord with respect to the Surrender Space (the Surrender Space
Security Deposit ), to Tenant after the Surrender Space Effective Date and surrender of the Surrender Space to Landlord. Thereafter,
upon return or application of the Surrender Space Security Deposit, Landlord shall continue to retain the remaining portion of the Security
Deposit in the amount of 11,056.35 as security for the obligations of Tenant under the Lease, as amended hereby. 

10. Broker
Indemnification . The parties hereto represent and warrant to one another that no broker or agent engaged or contacted by Landlord
or Tenant either negotiated or was instrumental in negotiating or consummating this Fourth Amendment. Landlord and Tenant each hereby
agree to indemnify one another against any loss, expense (including reasonable attorneys fees and costs), cost or liability incurred
by a party as a result of a claim by any broker or finder, claiming by or through such indemnifying party that such broker or finder
was instrumental in negotiating this Fourth Amendment and is due and owing a commission, fee or other payment as a direct result thereof. 

11. Entire
Agreement . This Fourth Amendment sets forth all covenants, agreements and understandings between Landlord and Tenant with respect
to the subject matter hereof, and there are no other covenants, conditions or understandings, either written or oral, between the parties
hereto except as set forth in the Lease, as further modified by this Fourth Amendment. 

12. Full
Force and Effect . Except as expressly amended hereby, all other terms and provisions of the Lease remain unchanged and continue to
be in full force and effect. 

- 3 - 

13. Compliance
with Warranties, No Default . The representations and warranties set forth in the Lease as amended hereby shall be true and correct
with the same effect as if made on the date of this Fourth Amendment, and no uncured default under the Lease has occurred or is continuing
on the date of this Fourth Amendment. 

14. Conflicts .
The terms of this Fourth Amendment shall control over any conflict between the terms of the Lease and the terms of this Fourth Amendment. 

15. Successors
and Assigns . This Fourth Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and assigns. 

16. Counterparts .
This Fourth Amendment may be executed in multiple counterparts, and each counterpart when fully executed and delivered shall constitute
an original instrument, and all such multiple counterparts shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Any counterpart of this
Fourth Amendment may be executed and delivered by electronic transmission (including, without limitation, e-mail) or by portable document
format (pdf) and shall have the same force and effect as an original. 

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

- 4 - 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant cause this Fourth Amendment to be duly executed as of the date and year first above written. 

LANDLORD: 

BRE
 RS GREG PARK OWNER LLC, 

a
 Delaware limited liability company 

By: 
 /s/
 Joseph W. Finnigan 

Name: 
 Joseph
 W. Finnigan 

Title: 
 Vice
 President 

TENANT: 

DRAGONFLY
 ENERGY CORP., 

a
 Nevada corporation 

By: 
 /s/
 Denis Phares 

Title: 
 CEO 

Name: 
 Denis
 Phares 

- 5 - 

</EX-10.37>

<EX-10.38>
 16
 ex10-38.htm

Exhibit
10.38 

Property: 
 br40427 
 1375
 Greg Street, Suite 107, Sparks, NV 

FIFTH
AMENDMENT TO INDUSTRIAL LEASE 

THIS
FIFTH AMENDMENT TO INDUSTRIAL LEASE (this Fifth Amendment is made and entered into as of the 28th day of January,
2022 by and between BRE RS GREG PARK OWNER LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, successor-in-interest to The Northwestern Mutual
Life Insurance Company Landlord ), and DRAGONFLY ENERGY CORP., a Nevada corporation Tenant ). 

BACKGROUND 

A. Landlord
and Tenant are parties to that certain Industrial Lease, dated April 25, 2019 (the Original Lease ), as amended by
that certain First Amendment to Industrial Lease dated March 12, 2020 (the First Amendment ), that certain Second
Amendment to Industrial Lease dated July 27, 2020 (the Second Amendment ), that certain Third Amendment to Industrial
Lease dated August 26, 2020 (the Third Amendment ), and that certain Fourth Amendment to Industrial Lease dated December
22, 2020 (the Fourth Amendment , together with the Original Lease, the First Amendment, the Second Amendment and
the Third Amendment, collectively, the Lease ), covering certain premises containing approximately 9,600 rentable
square feet known as Suites 104 and 107, located at 1375 Sparks Street, Sparks, NV (collectively, the Premises ), as more
fully described in the Lease. 

B. Landlord
and Tenant desire to amend the Lease as set forth below. 

AGREEMENT 

NOW,
THEREFORE , the parties hereto, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein and in the Lease, and intending
to be legally bound, hereby agree that the Lease is amended as follows: 

1. Capitalized
Terms . Except as specifically defined in this Fifth Amendment, capitalized terms shall have the same meanings given to such terms
in the Lease. 

2. Notice
Address . Any written notice required to be provided to Tenant under the Lease, as amended hereby, shall be delivered to the Tenant
at the following addresses: 

Dragonfly
Energy Corp. 

Attention:
Denis Phares 

With
a copy to: 

Newlight
Capital LLC 

Attn: 

Email: 

5. Entire
Agreement . This Fifth Amendment sets forth all covenants, agreements and understandings between Landlord and Tenant with respect
to the subject matter hereof, and there are no other covenants, conditions or understandings, either written or oral, between the parties
hereto except as set forth in the Lease, as further modified by this Fifth Amendment. 

6. Full
Force and Effect . Except as expressly amended hereby, all other terms and provisions of the Lease remain unchanged and continue to
be in full force and effect. 

7. Compliance
with Warranties, No Default . The representations and warranties set forth in the Lease as amended hereby shall be true and correct
with the same effect as if made on the date of this Fifth Amendment, and no uncured default under the Lease has occurred or is continuing
on the date of this Fifth Amendment. 

8. Conflicts .
The terms of this Fifth Amendment shall control over any conflict between the terms of the Lease and the terms of this Fifth Amendment. 

9. Successors
and Assigns . This Fifth Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and assigns. 

10. Counterparts .
This Fifth Amendment may be executed in multiple counterparts, and each counterpart when fully executed and delivered shall constitute
an original instrument, and all such multiple counterparts shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Any counterpart of this
Fifth Amendment may be executed and delivered by electronic transmission (including, without limitation, e-mail) or by portable document
format (pdf) and shall have the same force and effect as an original. 

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

- 2 - 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant cause this Fourth Amendment to be duly executed as of the date and year first above written. 

LANDLORD: 

BRE
 RS GREG PARK OWNER LLC, 

a
 Delaware limited liability company 

By: 
 /s/
 Bryan McKrell 

Name: 
 Bryan
 McKrell 

Title: 
 Vice
 President 

TENANT: 

DRAGONFLY
 ENERGY CORP., 

a
 Nevada corporation 

By: 
 /s/
 Denis Phares 

Title: 
 CEO 

Name: 
 Denis
 Phares 

- 3 - 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-23.1>
 17
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Dragonfly
Energy Holdings Corp. 

 Reno,
Nevada 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-268784) of Dragonfly Energy Holdings
Corp. of our report dated April 17, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements which appears in this Form 10-K. Our report
contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

/s/
BDO USA, LLP 

 Spokane,
Washington 

April
17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 18
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES
13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Denis Phares, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; ; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 

/s/
 Denis Phares 

Denis
 Phares 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 19
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES
13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
John Marchetti, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 

/s/
 John Marchetti 

John
 Marchetti 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 20
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 

 CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

This
Certification is being filed pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This Certification
is included solely for the purposes of complying with the provisions of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and is not intended to
be used for any other purpose. In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. (the
 Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report ), each of Denis Phares, as Chief Executive
Officer, and John Marchetti, as Chief Financial Officer, certifies in his or her capacity as such officer of the Company, that to such
officer s knowledge: 

1) 
 The
 Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) 
 The
 information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Denis Phares 

Denis
 Phares 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Dated:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 John Marchetti 

John
 Marchetti 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

This
certification shall not be deemed filed for any purpose, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any
filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 28
 dfli-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 30
 dfli-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 31
 dfli-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 32
 dfli-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

