<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230418_10-K_edgar_data_1132509_0001477932-23-002684.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1799609</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>222570</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>960564</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>562927</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-002684.hdr.sgml : 20230418
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230418064833
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-002684
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230418
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230418

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			New Momentum Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001132509
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT SERVICES [8741]
		IRS NUMBER:				880435998
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52273
		FILM NUMBER:		23825447

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 CECIL STREET, #08-01
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			069543
		BUSINESS PHONE:		65 3105 1428

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 CECIL STREET, #08-01
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			069543

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Eason Education Kingdom Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150813

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HAN LOGISTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010116

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-002684.txt : 20230418

10-K
 1
 nnax_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 nnax_10k.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 Commission File No. 000-52273 NEW MOMENTUM CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada 88-0435998 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 150 Cecil Street #08-01 Singapore 069543 (Address of principal executive offices, zip code) +65 3105 1428 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) ____________________________________________________________ (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF THE ACT: Common Stock, .001 Par Value Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated fi ler, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No At June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (without admitting that any person whose shares are not included in such calculation is an affiliate) was approximately 1,030,903. As of April 14, 2023, there were 190,782,774 shares of the Registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. NEW MOMENTUM CORPORATION TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 7 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 21 Item 2. Properties 21 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 21 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 21 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 22 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 23 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 23 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 33 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 34 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 35 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 35 Item 9B. Other Information 36 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 38 Item 11. Executive Compensation 40 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 42 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 43 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 43 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 44 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 44 Signatures 45 2 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K of New Momentum Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the Company ), contains forward-looking statements, as defined in the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , will , should , could , expects , plans , intends , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about our market opportunity, our strategies, competition, expected activities and expenditures as we pursue our business plan, and the adequacy of our available cash resources. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Actual results may differ materially from the predictions discussed in these forward-looking statements. The economic environment within which we operate could materially affect our actual results. Additional factors that could materially affect these forward-looking statements and/or predictions include, among other things: (i) commercialization of our technology and products, (ii) development and protection of our intellectual property, (iii) the Company s need for and ability to obtain additional financing, (iv) industry competition, (v) the exercise of the control over us by Leung Tin Lung David, the Company s sole director and officer, and majority shareholder, (vi) other factors over which we have little or no control; and (vii) other factors discussed in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our management has included projections and estimates in this Form 10-K, which are based primarily on management s experience in the industry, assessments of our results of operations, discussions and negotiations with third parties and a review of information filed by our competitors with the SEC or otherwise publicly available. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Our Corporate History and Background The Company was incorporated on July 1, 1999, under the laws of the State of Nevada, under the name Han Logistics, Inc. On August 6, 2015, the Company changed its name to Eason Education Kingdom Holdings, Inc. On June 18, 2020, the Company changed its name to New Momentum Corporation. Amee Han Lombardi served as President, Secretary, Treasurer and a director from July 1, 1999 until her resignation on February 13, 2015. Michael Vardakis served as a director from April 19, 2012 until his resignation on February 13, 2015. On February 13, 2015, Kin Hon Chu was appointed a director, Law Wai Fan was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Cheng Kin Ning was appointed Chief Financial Officer, and Marie Huen Lai Chun was appointed Chief Operating Officer. On April 27, 2020, Leung Tin Lung David acquired approximately 233,813,213, or approximately 75.2 , of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company on such date. On May 27, 2020, Chu Kin Hon resigned a director; Law Wai Fan resigned as Chief Executive Officer and President; Cheng Kin Ning resigned as Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer; and Marie Huen Lai Chun resigned as Chief Operating Officer, of the Company. Effective May 27, 2020, Leung Tin Lung David was appointed as President, Secretary, and Treasurer and a Director of the Company. Mr. Leung is currently the sole director and officer of the Company . Reverse Acquisition of Nemo Holding On July 6, 2020, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement ), by and among the Company, Nemo Holding Company Limited, a British Virgin Islands corporation Nemo Holding ), and the holders of common shares of Nemo Holding. The holders of the common stock of Nemo Holding consisted of 29 stockholders. Under the terms and conditions of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company offered, sold and issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock in consideration for all the issued and outstanding shares in Nemo Holding. Leung Tin Lung David, the Company s sole officer and director, is the beneficial holder of 6,000,000 common shares, or 60 , of the issued and outstanding shares of Nemo Holding. The effect of the issuance of the 10,000,000 shares issued under the Share Exchange Agreement represents 10.8 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. Immediately prior to the closing of the transactions under the Share Exchange Agreement, Mr. Leung was the holder of 233,813,213 shares of common stock, or 75.2 , of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. Giving effect to the closing of the transactions under the Share Exchange Agreement, Mr. Leung acquired 6,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company, by virtue of his 60 beneficial ownership of Nemo Holding. The remaining 28 common shareholders of Nemo Holding acquired 4,000,000 shares of common stock under the Share Exchange Agreement, by virtue of their aggregate of 40 beneficial ownership of Nemo Holding. 4 Table of Contents As a result of the share exchange, Nemo Holding became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The share exchange transaction with Nemo Holding was treated as a reverse acquisition, with Nemo Holding as the acquiror and the Company as the acquired party. Unless the context suggests otherwise, when we refer in this Form 10-K to business and financial information for periods prior to the consummation of the reverse acquisition, we are referring to the business and financial information of Nemo Holding. As of April 14, 2023, there were 190,782,774 shares of the Registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. Mr. Leung is presently the beneficial holder of 69,113,213 shares of common stock, or 36.2 , of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Nemo Holding, making him the controlling stockholder of the Company. Organization Subsidiaries Our corporate organization chart is below. Overview of Nemo Holding Our wholly owned subsidiary, Nemo Holding was incorporated on April 16, 2020, in the British Virgin Islands. The business of Nemo Holding is now the principal business of the Company. Nemo Holding has developed and operates an online ticketing platform named Gagfare.com, which provides a ticketing system for individuals and agencies to search, book and issue flight tickets and other services. The Company also offers its services through its app, Gagfare. Nemo Holding s principal administrative offices are located at Room 150 Cecil Street #08-01 Singapore 069543, and our telephone number is +65 3105 1428. Our website is www.gagfare.com. Summary Financial Information The tables and information below are derived from our audited financial statements as of December 31, 2022. December 31, 2022 Financial Summary Cash and Cash Equivalents 59,247 Total Assets 115,109 Total Liabilities 599,557 Total Stockholders Deficit (484,448 Nemo Holding Company Limited has developed and operates an online ticketing platform, named Gagfare.com, which provides a ticketing system for individuals and agencies to search, book and issue flight tickets and other services. 5 Table of Contents Being the pioneer to provide book-now-pay-later option for securing flight ticket reservations, Gagfare enables travelers to search flights directly with over 500 airlines globally, and securing a confirmed, impartial airfare on their desired flight, instantly. With a unique and first time ever book-now-pay-later solution provided by Gagfare, travelers can now pay only 2.00 to secure up to nine flight seats, well in advance in schedule, on their desired flight. Travelers don t have to pay the rest of the fare until closer to their travel date. The business mission of Gagfare is to let customers to get a good fare. Gagfare taps into multiple global distribution systems specifically for flight reservations, enables customers to be able to search and book their flights directly in the airlines own reservation systems. This gives travelers access to the best available promotional deals they may never encounter anywhere else online. Gagfare ensures to offer the best available airfare, on any given travel day, on any given flight, on any of the world s leading airlines. Travelers are using many of the existing online travel booking sites are spending lots of time searching and comparing for flight ticket options, and being rushed to pay the full ticket price as early as the platforms want. Often travelers may find out the selected flight fare options may no longer be available when they want to make the purchase. Advance booking is not available in most online travel booking sites today. With user-friendly web and mobile application interfaces, Gagfare enables instant access to hundreds of thousands of flights around the world. Customers can also choose from their favorite airlines or search for alternate route options. Travelers can book itineraries with multiple stops, and check for their bookings through the airline official booking web sites by using the Gagfare booking reference information. Gagfare users just need to pay 2.00 through multiple popular online payment methods to secure the best seats on their best flight choice instantly. A reminder will be sent through email to the customer when it is time to pay the flight ticket fare and issue the flight ticket. In the future, Gagfare will also tap into the booking of travel packages, cruises, trains and buses tickets, hotels, theme parks, sports and event tickets as well, giving a one-stop travel and entertainment booking center for the consumers worldwide. Revenue and User Model Gagfare plans that its revenue will be derived from online flight ticket booking and ticket issuance. For each advance booking that a user makes through the Gagfare s state of the art book-now-pay-later solution, a non-refundable 2.00 booking fee is paid to Gagfare. The booking fee will not apply to the flight ticket payment at ticket issuance. When user has decided to issue the booked flight plan, full payment for the tickets will be made for ticket issuance. Gagfare may still get a market ticket price margin from the ticket issuance transactions, depending on the type of ticket offering from the ticket source which the user has chosen. Gagfare will also provide advertising spots on the web and mobile application platforms, for travel related businesses to advertise on the platforms, which will bring a stream of advertising income to the platform. While the technology already developed and operational, Gagfare will later expand into the other ticketing markets, include travel packages, cruises, trains and buses, hotel rooms, theme parks, sports and even tickets, apply similar search, book and buy ticket business model and mechanisms which is already applied to flight tickets. Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of trademark laws, trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and other contractual provisions to protect our proprietary rights, which are primarily our brand names, product designs and marks. We do not own any patents. 6 Table of Contents Pursuant to a Cooperation Agreement, dated February 1, 2016, by and between Gagfare Limited, a Hong Kong corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and JJ Explorer Tours Limited, a Hong Kong corporation JJ Explorer ), controlled by Leung Tin Lung David, JJ Explorer develops and maintains website and mobile application platforms the Company uses in the operation of its business in exchange for 50 of the net earnings the Company earns through its Gagfare website and mobile application platforms for a term of five years. On January 31, 2021, JJ Explorer agreed to extend the term of additional 5 years up January 31, 2026. This agreement was terminated on February 28, 2022 and simultaneously, on the same date, a Cooperation Agreement was signed between JJ Explorer and New Momentum Asia Pte., Ltd. NMAPL ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Whilst the role of JJ Explorer remained the same, NMAPL was responsible to develop global marketing and business operations of the platform. The agreement provided for the sharing of the net earnings derived through the platform to be shared at 50 with JJ Explorer at the end of the term of the agreement in five (5) years. The agreement, nevertheless was also terminated on October 31, 2022. Government Regulation and Approvals We are not aware of any governmental regulations or approvals required for any of our services or products. We do not believe that we are subject to any government regulations relating to the ownership and licensing of our intellectual property. Employees As of the date hereof, we have 1 non-employee officer, Leung Tin Lung David, who operates our company. The Company also uses 19 independent contractor consultants and advisors in connection with its operations. Description of Properties Our executive offices are located at 150 Cecil Street #08-01 Singapore 069543 and our telephone number is +65 3105 1428. We do not own any real estate or other physical properties. Bankruptcy or Similar Proceedings We have never been subject to bankruptcy, receivership or any similar proceeding. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. Item 1A. Risk Factors The following information sets forth risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this registration statement and those we may make from time to time. You should carefully consider the risks described below, in addition to the other information contained in this registration statement, before making an investment decision. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed by any of these risks. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or other factors not perceived by us to present significant risks to our business at this time also may impair our business operations. 7 Table of Contents RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMPANY Our auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 were prepared assuming that we will continue our operations as a going concern. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Nemo Holding Company Limited, was incorporated on April 16, 2016, and does not have a history of earnings. As a result, our independent auditors in their audit report have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Continued operations are dependent on our ability to complete equity or debt financings or generate profitable operations. Such financings may not be available or may not be available on reasonable terms. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If our estimates related to future expenditures are erroneous or inaccurate, our business will fail and you could lose your entire investment. Our success is dependent in part upon the accuracy of our management s estimates of our future cost expenditures for legal and accounting services (including those we expect to incur as a publicly reporting company), for website marketing and development expenses, and for administrative expenses, which management estimates to be approximately 10,000,000 over the next twelve months. If such estimates are erroneous or inaccurate, or if we encounter unforeseen costs, we may not be able to carry out our business plan, which could result in the failure of our business and the loss of your entire investment. If we are not able to develop our business as anticipated, we may not be able to generate revenues or achieve profitability and you may lose your investment. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Nemo Holding Company Limited, was incorporated on April 16, 2020, and our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 188,853. We have few customers, and we have not earned substantive revenues to date. Our business prospects are difficult to predict because of our limited operating history, and unproven business strategy. Our primary business activities will be focused on the commercialization of licensing our New Momentum brand. Although we believe that our business plan has significant profit potential, we may not attain profitable operations and our management may not succeed in realizing our business objectives. If we are not able to develop out business as anticipated, we may not be able to generate revenues or achieve profitability and you may lose your entire investment. Potential disputes related to the existing agreement pursuant to which we purchased the intellectual property rights underlying our business could result in the loss of rights that are material to our business. The acquisition of the intellectual property of New Momentum, by way of the Share Exchange Agreement, by and among the Company, New Momentum Corporation, and the holders of common stock of New Momentum, is of critical importance to our business and involves complex legal, business, and scientific issues. Although we have clear title to and no restrictions to use our intellectual property, disputes may arise regarding the Share Exchange Agreement, including but not limited to, the breaches of representations or other interpretation-related issues. If disputes over intellectual property that we have acquired under the Share Exchange Agreement prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current intellectual property, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize our business. We expect to suffer losses in the immediate future that may cause us to curtail or discontinue our operations. We expect to incur operating losses in future periods. These losses will occur because we do not yet have substantive revenues to offset the expenses associated with the development of brand and our business operations, generally. We cannot guarantee that we will ever be successful in generating revenues in the future. We recognize that if we are unable to generate revenues, we will not be able to earn profits or continue operations. There is no history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that we will prove successful, and we can provide investors with no assurance that we will generate any operating revenues or ever achieve profitable operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will almost certainly fail. 8 Table of Contents We may not be able to execute our business plan or stay in business without additional funding. Our ability to generate future operating revenues depends in part on whether we can obtain the financing necessary to implement our business plan. We will likely require additional financing through the issuance of debt and/or equity in order to establish profitable operations, and such financing may not be forthcoming. As widely reported, the global and domestic financial markets have been extremely volatile in recent months. If such conditions and constraints continue or if there is no investor appetite to finance our specific business, we may not be able to acquire additional financing through credit markets or equity markets. Even if additional financing is available, it may not be available on terms favorable to us. At this time, we have not identified or secured sources of additional financing. Our failure to secure additional financing when it becomes required will have an adverse effect on our ability to remain in business. Any significant disruption in our website and mobile application presence or services could result in a loss of customers. Our plans call for our customers to access our service through our website, www.gagfare.com and our mobile applications. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our customers will be dependent upon the reliable performance of our website, network infrastructure and fulfillment processes (how we deliver services purchased by our customers). Prolonged or frequent interruptions in any of these systems could make our website unavailable or unusable, which could diminish the overall attractiveness of our subscription service to existing and potential customers. Our servers will likely be vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, which could lead to interruptions and delays in our service and operations and loss, misuse or theft of data. It is likely that our website will periodically experience directed attacks intended to cause a disruption in service, which is not uncommon for web-based businesses. Any attempts by hackers to disrupt our website service or our internal systems, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation. Efforts to prevent hackers from entering our computer systems are expensive to implement and may limit the functionality of our services. Any significant disruption to our website or internal computer systems could result in a loss of subscribers and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our connections to the airline booking systems may be interrupted and causing delays or unavailability to search and book the flight tickets, which may affect the user experiences and trust significantly. Technology changes rapidly in our business and if we fail to anticipate or successfully implement new technologies or the manner in which use our products and services, the quality, timeliness and competitiveness of our products and services will suffer. Rapid technology changes in our industry require us to anticipate, sometimes years in advance, which technologies we must implement and take advantage of in order to make our products and services competitive in the market. Therefore, we must start our product development with a range of technical development goals that we hope to be able to achieve. We may not be able to achieve these goals, or our competition may be able to achieve them more quickly and effectively than we can. In either case, our products and services may be technologically inferior to our competitors , less appealing to consumers, or both. If we cannot achieve our technology goals within the original development schedule of our products and services, then we may delay their release until these technology goals can be achieved, which may delay or reduce revenue and increase our development expenses. Alternatively, we may increase the resources employed in research and development in an attempt to accelerate our development of new technologies, either to preserve our product or service launch schedule or to keep up with our competition, which would increase our development expenses. Any such failure to adapt to, and appropriately allocate resources among, emerging technologies would harm our competitive position, reduce our market share and significantly increase the time we take to bring our product to market. 9 Table of Contents Our potential customers will require a high degree of reliability in the delivery of our services, and if we cannot meet their expectations for any reason, demand for our products and services will suffer. Our success depends in large part on our ability to assure generally error-free services, uninterrupted operation of our network and software infrastructure, and a satisfactory experience for our customers end users when they use Internet-based communications services. To achieve these objectives, we depend on the quality, performance and scalability of our products and services, the responsiveness of our technical support and the capacity, reliability and security of our network operations. We also depend on third parties over which we have no control. For example, our ability to serve our customers is based solely on our network access agreement with one service provider and on that service provider s ability to provide reliable Internet access. Due to the high level of performance required for critical communications traffic, any failure to deliver a satisfactory experience to end users, whether or not caused by our own failures could reduce demand for our products and services. If we fail to promote and maintain our brand in an effective and cost-efficient way, our business and results of operations may be harmed. We believe that developing and maintaining awareness of our brand effectively is critical to attracting new and retaining existing customers. Successful promotion of our brand and our ability to attract customers depends largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and the success of the channels we use to promote our services. It is likely that our future marketing efforts will require us to incur significant additional expenses. These efforts may not result in increased revenues in the immediate future or at all and, even if they do, any increases in revenues may not offset the expenses incurred. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand while incurring substantial expenses, our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected, which may impair our ability to grow our business. Declines or disruptions in the travel industry could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Our financial results and prospects are almost entirely dependent upon the sale of travel services. Travel, including accommodation (including hotels, motels, resorts, homes, apartments and other unique places to stay), rental car and airline ticket reservations, is significantly dependent on discretionary spending levels. As a result, sales of travel services tend to decline during general economic downturns and recessions and times of political or economic uncertainty as consumers engage in less discretionary spending, are concerned about unemployment or inflation, have reduced access to credit or experience other concerns or effects that reduce their ability or willingness to travel. Perceived or actual adverse economic conditions, including slow, slowing or negative economic growth, high or rising unemployment rates, inflation and weakening currencies, and concerns over government responses such as higher taxes or tariffs, increased interest rates and reduced government spending, could impair consumer spending and adversely affect travel demand. These and other macro-economic uncertainties, such as oil prices, geopolitical tensions and differing central bank monetary policies, have led to significant volatility in the exchange rates between the U.S. Dollar and the Euro, the British Pound Sterling and other currencies. Significant fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, stock markets and oil prices can also impact consumer travel behavior. For example, although lower oil prices may lead to increased travel activity as consumers have more discretionary funds and airline fares decrease, declines in oil prices may be indicative of broader macro-economic weakness, which in turn could negatively affect the travel industry, our business and results of operations. Conversely, higher oil prices may result in higher airfares and decreased travel activity, which can negatively affect our business and results of operations. The uncertainty of macro-economic factors and their impact on consumer behavior, which may differ across regions, makes it more difficult to forecast industry and consumer trends and the timing and degree of their impact on our markets and business, which in turn could adversely affect our ability to effectively manage our business and adversely affect our results of operations. 10 Table of Contents In addition, events beyond our control, such as oil prices, stock market volatility, terrorist attacks, unusual or extreme weather or natural disasters such as earthquakes, hurricanes, tsunamis, floods, fires, droughts and volcanic eruptions, travel-related health concerns including pandemics and epidemics such as coronaviruses, Ebola and Zika, political instability, changes in economic conditions, wars and regional hostilities, imposition of taxes, tariffs or surcharges by regulatory authorities, changes in trade policies or trade disputes, changes in immigration policies, travel-related accidents or increased focus on the environmental impact of travel, have previously and may in the future disrupt travel, limit the ability or willingness of travelers to visit certain locations or otherwise result in declines in travel demand and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Because these events or concerns, and the full impact of their effects, are largely unpredictable, they can dramatically and suddenly affect travel behavior by consumers, and therefore demand for our services and our relationships with travel service providers and other partners, any of which can adversely affect our business and results of operations. Certain jurisdictions, particularly in Europe, are considering regulations intended to address the issue of overtourism, including by restricting access to city centers or popular tourist destinations or limiting accommodation offerings in surrounding areas, such as by restricting construction of new hotels or the renting of homes or apartments. Such regulations could adversely affect travel to, or our ability to offer accommodations in, such markets, which could negatively impact our business, growth and results of operations. The United States has implemented or proposed, or is considering, various travel restrictions and actions that could affect U.S. trade policy or practices, which could also adversely affect travel to or from the United States. As a result of the coronavirus outbreak in 2019, the travel industry experienced, and continues to experience, a significant decline in travel demand and increase in customer cancellations predominantly related to travel to, from or in China and certain other Asian markets, though concerns about the coronavirus are also negatively impacting travel demand (and therefore our business) generally. Some countries have implemented travel bans or restrictions and some airlines have suspended or limited flights to or from China. In addition, like many other companies, we have instructed or allowed employees in high-risk areas to work from home or not report to work, which, especially if this persists for a prolonged period of time, may have an adverse impact on our employees, ability to service travelers, operations and systems. The ultimate extent of the coronavirus outbreak and its impact on travel in currently affected countries or more broadly is unknown and impossible to predict with certainty. As a result, the full extent to which the coronavirus will impact our business and results of operations is unknown. However, decreased travel demand resulting from the outbreak has had a negative impact, and is likely to have a negative and material impact, on our business, growth and results of operations. In addition, we may incur additional customer service costs in connection with servicing travelers affected by the outbreak, which would also have a negative impact on our results of operations. The loss of the services of Leung Tin Lung David, our sole director and officer, and majority shareholder, or our failure to timely identify and retain competent personnel could negatively impact our ability to develop our website and sell our services. We are highly dependent on Leung Tin Lung David, who is our sole director and officer, and controlling stockholder. The development of our business will continue to place a significant strain on our limited personnel, management, and other resources. Our future success depends upon the continued services of our executive officers who are developing our business, and on our ability to identify and retain competent consultants and employees with the skills required to execute our business objectives. The loss of the services of Jing Li or our failure to timely identify and retain competent personnel would negatively impact our ability to develop our business and license our brand, which could adversely affect our financial results and impair our growth. Leung Tin Lung David, our President and sole director, beneficially owns approximately or has the right to vote 36.23 of our outstanding common stock and 100 of our Series A Preferred Stock, which has voting power equal to 110 of our issued and outstanding common stock. As a result, Mr. Leung has a substantial voting power in all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval including: Election of our board of directors; Removal of any of our directors or officers; Amendment of our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Adoption of measures that could delay or prevent a change in control or impede a merger, takeover or other business combination involving us. 11 Table of Contents As a result of his ownership and position, Mr. Leung is able to substantially influence all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. In addition, the future prospect of sales of significant amounts of shares held by him could affect the market price of our common stock if the marketplace does not orderly adjust to the increase in shares in the market and the value of your investment in our company may decrease. Mr. Leung s stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price. We are an independent travel services, with little experience in the market, and failure to successfully compensate for this inexperience may adversely impact our operations and financial position. We operate as an independent business, whose existence is predicated on the brand name Gagfare, and we have no substantial tangible assets in a highly competitive industry. We have little operating history, no customer base and little revenue to date. This makes it difficult to evaluate our future performance and prospects. Our business must be considered in light of the risks, expenses, delays and difficulties frequently encountered in establishing a new business in an emerging and evolving industry characterized by intense competition, including: our business model and strategy are still evolving and are continually being reviewed and revised; we may not be able to raise the capital required to develop our initial customer base and reputation; we may not be able to successfully implement our business model and strategy; and our management consists is conducted by one persons, Leung Tin Lung David, our President and a director. We cannot be sure that we will be successful in meeting these challenges and addressing these risks and uncertainties. If we are unable to do so, our business will not be successful and the value of your investment in our company will decline. Our failure to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology may significantly impair our competitive advantage. Our success and ability to compete depends in large part upon protecting our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of patent, trademark and trade secret protection, nondisclosure and nonuse agreements to protect our proprietary rights. The steps we have taken may not be sufficient to prevent the misappropriation of our intellectual property, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States. The patent and trademark law and trade secret protection may not be adequate to deter third party infringement or misappropriation of our patents, trademarks and similar proprietary rights. We may in the future initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights in order to determine the scope and validity of our proprietary rights or the proprietary rights of our competitors. These claims could result in costly litigation and the diversion of our technical and management personnel. We may face costly intellectual property infringement claims, the result of which would decrease the amount of cash we would anticipate to operate and complete our business plan. We anticipate that from time to time we will receive communications from third parties asserting that we are infringing certain copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights of others or seeking indemnification against alleged infringement. If anticipated claims arise, we will evaluate their merits. Any claims of infringement brought of third parties could result in protracted and costly litigation, damages for infringement, and the necessity of obtaining a license relating to one or more of our products or current or future technologies, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Litigation, which could result in substantial cost to us and diversion of our resources, may be necessary to enforce our patents or other intellectual property rights or to defend us against claimed infringement of the rights of others. Any intellectual property litigation and the failure to obtain necessary licenses or other rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 12 Table of Contents We incur costs associated with SEC reporting compliance, which may significantly affect our financial condition. The Company made the decision to become an SEC reporting company in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations. We incur certain costs of compliance with applicable SEC reporting rules and regulations including, but not limited to attorneys fees, accounting and auditing fees, other professional fees, financial printing costs and Sarbanes-Oxley compliance costs in an amount estimated at approximately 5,000,000 per year. On balance, the Company determined that the incurrence of such costs and expenses was preferable to the Company being in a position where it had very limited access to additional capital funding. We may be required to incur significant costs and require significant management resources to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting as required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and any failure to comply or any adverse result from such evaluation may have an adverse effect on our stock price. As a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, we are required to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ). Section 404 requires us to include an internal control report with our Annual Report on Form 10-K. This report must include management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the fiscal year. This report must also include disclosure of any material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting that we have identified. Failure to comply, or any adverse results from such evaluation could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on the trading price of our equity securities. Achieving continued compliance with Section 404 may require us to incur significant costs and expend significant time and management resources. No assurance can be given that we will be able to fully comply with Section 404 or that we and our independent registered public accounting firm would be able to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective at fiscal year-end. As a result, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have an adverse effect on the trading price of our securities, as well as subject us to civil or criminal investigations and penalties. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm may not agree with our management s assessment or conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is operating effectively. We may not be able to meet the internal control reporting requirements imposed by the SEC resulting in a possible decline in the price of our common stock and our inability to obtain future financing. As directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the SEC adopted rules requiring each public company to include a report of management on the company s internal controls over financial reporting in its annual reports. Although the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act exempts companies with a public float of less than 250 million from the requirement that our independent registered public accounting firm attest to our financial controls, this exemption does not affect the requirement that we include a report of management on our internal control over financial reporting and does not affect the requirement to include the independent registered public accounting firm s attestation if our public float exceeds 250 million. While we expect to expend significant resources in developing the necessary documentation and testing procedures required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, there is a risk that we may not be able to comply timely with all of the requirements imposed by this rule. Regardless of whether we are required to receive a positive attestation from our independent registered public accounting firm with respect to our internal controls, if we are unable to do so, investors and others may lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and our stock price and ability to obtain equity or debt financing as needed could suffer. In addition, in the event that our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to rely on our internal controls in connection with its audit of our financial statements, and in the further event that it is unable to devise alternative procedures in order to satisfy itself as to the material accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures, it is possible that we would be unable to file our Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC, which could also adversely affect the market for and the market price of our common stock and our ability to secure additional financing as needed. 13 Table of Contents We face risks related to the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) which could significantly disrupt our development, operations, sales, and financial results. Our business has been adversely impacted by the effects of the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19). In addition to global macroeconomic effects, the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and any other related adverse public health developments will cause disruption to our operations and sales activities. Our third-party vendors, third-party distributors, and our customers have been and will be disrupted by worker absenteeism, quarantines and restrictions on employees ability to work, office and factory closures, disruptions to ports and other shipping infrastructure, border closures, or other travel or health-related restrictions. Depending on the magnitude of such effects on our activities or the operations of our third-party vendors and third-party distributors, the supply of our products will be delayed, which could adversely affect our business, operations and customer relationships. In addition, the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) or other disease outbreak will in the short-run and may over the longer term adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that will affect demand for our products and services and impact our operating results. There can be no assurance that any decrease in sales resulting from the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) will be offset by increased sales in subsequent periods. Although the magnitude of the impact of the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak on our business and operations remains uncertain, the continued spread of the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) or the occurrence of other epidemics and the imposition of related public health measures and travel and business restrictions will adversely impact our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. In addition, we have experienced and will experience disruptions to our business operations resulting from quarantines, self-isolations, or other movement and restrictions on the ability of our employees to perform their jobs that may impact our ability to develop and design our products and services in a timely manner or meet required milestones or customer commitments. It will be extremely difficult to acquire jurisdiction and enforce liabilities against our officers, directors and assets outside the United States. Substantially all of our assets are currently located outside of the United States. Additionally, our sole director and officer resides outside of the United States, in Singapore. As a result, it may not be possible for United States investors to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under Federal securities laws. Moreover, we have been advised Singapore does not have a treaty providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts with the United States. RISKS RELATED TO DOING BUSINESS IN THE PEOPLE S REPUBLIC OF CHINA Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and expansion strategies. New Momentum Corporation, is a holding company that, through Gagfare Limited, a Hong Kong entity, and Beyond Blue Limited, Hong Kong entity, both wholly-owned subsidiaries, operate our online ticketing platform that provides travelers a Book Now, Pay Later business model. The PRC government has sovereignty of Hong Kong, and Hong Kong s legislature adopts laws that are congruent with PRC government policies and laws. Because of the majority of our operations are in the Hong Kong, economic, political and legal developments in the PRC will significantly affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The PRC economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the extent of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. Although the PRC government has implemented measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive assets, and the establishment of improved corporate governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of productive assets in China is still owned by the government. In addition, the PRC government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial policies. The PRC government also exercises significant control over China s economic growth by allocating resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy, regulating financial services and institutions and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. 14 Table of Contents While the PRC economy has experienced significant growth in the past three decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. The PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the overall PRC economy, but may also have a negative effect on us. Our financial condition and results of operation could be materially and adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are applicable to us. In addition, the PRC government has implemented in the past certain measures, including interest rate increases, to control the pace of economic growth. These measures may cause decreased economic activity, which in turn could lead to a reduction in demand for our services and consequently have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition and results of operations. There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC and Hong Kong laws, rules and regulations. A substantial majority of our operations are conducted in the Hong Kong, and are governed by PRC and Hong Kong laws, rules and regulations. Our Hong Kong subsidiaries may become subject to laws, rules and regulations applicable to foreign investment in China. The PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. In 1979, the PRC government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws, rules and regulations governing economic matters in general. The overall effect of legislation over the past three decades has significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investment in China. However, China has not developed a fully integrated legal system, and recently enacted laws, rules and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in China or may be subject to significant degrees of interpretation by PRC regulatory agencies. In particular, because these laws, rules and regulations are relatively new, and because of the limited number of published decisions and the nonbinding nature of such decisions, and because the laws, rules and regulations often give the relevant regulator significant discretion in how to enforce them, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations involve uncertainties and can be inconsistent and unpredictable. In addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all, and which may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until after the occurrence of the violation. Any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. Since PRC administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy than in more developed legal systems. Adverse regulatory developments in China may subject us to additional regulatory review, and additional disclosure requirements and regulatory scrutiny to be adopted by the SEC in response to risks related to recent regulatory developments in China may impose additional compliance requirements for companies like us with China-based operations, all of which could increase our compliance costs, subject us to additional disclosure requirements. The recent regulatory developments in China, in particular with respect to restrictions on China-based companies raising capital offshore, may lead to additional regulatory review in China over our financing and capital raising activities in the United States. In addition, we may be subject to industry-wide regulations that may be adopted by the relevant PRC authorities, which may have the effect of restricting the scope of our operations in China, or causing the suspension or termination of our business operations in China entirely, all of which will materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may have to adjust, modify, or completely change our business operations in response to adverse regulatory changes or policy developments, and we cannot assure you that any remedial action adopted by us can be completed in a timely, cost-efficient, or liability-free manner or at all. On July 30, 2021, in response to the recent regulatory developments in China and actions adopted by the PRC government, the Chairman of the SEC issued a statement asking the SEC staff to seek additional disclosures from offshore issuers associated with China-based operating companies before their registration statements will be declared effective. On August 1, 2021, the China Securities Regulatory Commission stated in a statement that it had taken note of the new disclosure requirements announced by the SEC regarding the listings of Chinese companies and the recent regulatory development in China, and that both countries should strengthen communications on regulating China-related issuers. We cannot guarantee that we will not be subject to tightened regulatory review and we could be exposed to government interference in China. 15 Table of Contents Compliance with China s new Data Security Law, Measures on Cybersecurity Review (revised draft for public consultation), Personal Information Protection Law (second draft for consultation), regulations and guidelines relating to the multi-level protection scheme and any other future laws and regulations may entail significant expenses and could materially affect our business. Recently, the Cyberspace Administration of China has taken action against several Chinese internet companies in connection with their initial public offerings on U.S. securities exchanges, for alleged national security risks and improper collection and use of the personal information of Chinese data subjects. According to the official announcement, the action was initiated based on the National Security Law, the Cyber Security Law and the Measures on Cybersecurity Review, which are aimed at preventing national data security risks, maintaining national security and safeguarding public interests. On July 10, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China published a revised draft of the Measures on Cybersecurity Review, expanding the cybersecurity review to data processing operators in possession of personal information of over 1 million users if the operators intend to list their securities in a foreign country. It is unclear at the present time how widespread the cybersecurity review requirement and the enforcement action will be and what effect they will have on our online ticketing platform. China s regulators may impose penalties for non-compliance ranging from fines or suspension of operations, and this could lead to us delisting or removal from the over-the-counter markets. Also, on August 20, 2021, the National People s Congress passed the Personal Information Protection Law, which will be implemented on November 1, 2021. The law creates a comprehensive set of data privacy and protection requirements that apply to the processing of personal information and expands data protection compliance obligations to cover the processing of personal information of persons by organizations and individuals in China, and the processing of personal information of persons in China outside of China if such processing is for purposes of providing products and services to, or analyzing and evaluating the behavior of, persons in China. The law also proposes that critical information infrastructure operators and personal information processing entities who process personal information meeting a volume threshold to-be-set by Chinese cyberspace regulators are also required to store in China personal information generated or collected in China, and to pass a security assessment administered by Chinese cyberspace regulators for any export of such personal information. Lastly, the draft contains proposals for significant fines for serious violations of up to RMB 50 million or 5 of annual revenues from the prior year. Interpretation, application and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations evolve from time to time and their scope may continually change, through new legislation, amendments to existing legislation and changes in enforcement. Compliance with the Cyber Security Law and the Data Security Law could significantly increase the cost to us of providing our service offerings, require significant changes to our operations or even prevent us from providing certain service offerings in jurisdictions in which we currently operate or in which we may operate in the future. Despite our efforts to comply with applicable laws, regulations and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection and information security, it is possible that our practices, offerings or platform could fail to meet all of the requirements imposed on us by the Cyber Security Law, the Data Security Law and/or related implementing regulations. Any failure on our part to comply with such law or regulations or any other obligations relating to privacy, data protection or information security, or any compromise of security that results in unauthorized access, use or release of personally identifiable information or other data, or the perception or allegation that any of the foregoing types of failure or compromise has occurred, could damage our reputation, discourage new and existing counterparties from contracting with us or result in investigations, fines, suspension or other penalties by Chinese government authorities and private claims or litigation, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if our practices are not subject to legal challenge, the perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation and brand and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the legal uncertainty created by the Data Security Law and the recent Chinese government actions could materially adversely affect our ability, on favorable terms, to raise capital, including engaging in follow-on offerings of our securities in the U.S. market. It may be difficult for U.S. regulators, such as the Department of Justice, the SEC, and other authorities, to conduct investigation or collect evidence within China. Shareholder claims or regulatory investigation that are common in the United States generally are difficult to pursue as a matter of law or practicality in China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles to providing information needed for regulatory investigations or litigations initiated outside China. Although the authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration, such cooperation with regulatory authorities in the Unities States including the SEC and the Department of Justice may not be efficient in the absence of mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. Furthermore, according to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is allowed to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the PRC territory. While detailed interpretation of or implementation rules under Article 177 have yet to be promulgated, the inability for an overseas securities regulator to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within China may further increase the difficulties you face in protecting your interests. 16 Table of Contents The audit report is prepared by an independent registered public accounting firm who is based in Malaysia and may soon be inspected by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB ). If, however, the PCAOB is unable to inspect our independent registered public accounting firm, our investors would be deprived of the benefits of such inspection. The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCA Act, and other legislative and regulatory developments related to political tensions between the United States and China, may have a material adverse impact on any future possible listing and trading, or quotation, in the U.S. and the trading prices of our shares of common stock, if our shares of common stock are so listed or quoted. As an auditor of U.S. publicly traded companies and a PCAOB-registered accounting firm, the independent registered public accounting firm that issued the audit report is required by the laws of the United States to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of the United States and professional standards. If, however, it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely our auditor because of a position taken by the authority in Malaysia or another other foreign jurisdiction, then our independent registered public accounting firm would not be inspected by the PCAOB, which would be detrimental to your investment. PCAOB inspections are able to identify deficiencies in the inspected firms audit procedures and quality control procedures, which may then be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality. The lack of PCAOB inspections prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating an independent registered public accounting firm s audits and quality control procedures. As a result, investors may be deprived of the benefits of PCAOB inspections of an auditor in such circumstances. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct an inspection of an independent registered public accounting firm makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of an independent registered public accounting firm s audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject to PCAOB inspections. Accordingly, if in the future the PCAOB is unable to inspect our independent registered public accounting firm, investors will likely have a lower level of confidence in our reported financial information and procedures and the quality of our financial statements compared to an independent registered public accounting firm is subject to PCAOB inspections. Furthermore, U.S. legislators and regulators have in recent years raised concerns about risks associated with investing in companies that are based in or have substantial operations in emerging markets, including China. In particular, lawmakers have highlighted the increased risks associated with companies whose independent auditors are unable to be inspected by the PCAOB. As part of this continued focus in the United States on access to audit and other information currently protected by national law, in particular China s, on December 18, 2020, the U.S. president signed the HFCA Act into law. On December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted final rules implementing the HFCA Act. The HFCA Act requires the SEC to identify and maintain a list of U.S. listed companies whose audit reports are prepared by auditors that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of restrictions imposed by the authorities in the foreign jurisdiction. The HFCA Act also requires SEC-identified public companies to (i) submit documentation establishing that the company is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in the jurisdiction that restricts PCAOB inspections and (ii) make certain additional disclosures in their SEC filings regarding, among other things, the fact that the PCAOB is unable to inspect its audit firm, the percentage of the company s shares owned by governmental entities in such foreign jurisdiction, whether governmental entities in such foreign jurisdiction have a controlling financial interest with respect to the company, the name of any Chinese Communist Party members on the company s board of directors, and whether there are any charters of the Chinese Communist Party included in the company s organizational documents (including the text of any such charter). For issuers remaining on the SEC-identified companies list for three consecutive years, the securities of such company would be prohibited from trading on a U.S. national securities exchange or the U.S. over-the-counter markets. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed a bill which, if passed by the U.S. House of Representatives and signed into law, would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCA Act from three years to two. It is uncertain whether this proposed legislation will advance. The SEC will begin identifying issuers based on annual reports filed in 2023 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Because our annual report for fiscal year 2022 will likely include an audit report issued by an independent registered public accounting firm that may be subject to PCAOB inspection, we do not expect that we will be an SEC-identified company for fiscal year 2023, and would not be required to comply with the SEC s submission and disclosure requirements for our Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. 17 Table of Contents If, however, it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely our auditor because of a position taken by an authority in Malaysia or another foreign jurisdiction, then our independent registered public accounting firm would not be inspected by the PCAOB, and we are determined to be subject to the HFCA Act, our shares of common stock would be prohibited from trading on a U.S. national securities exchange or the U.S. over-the-counter markets, if we are unable to meet PCAOB inspection requirements in a timely manner, and you could lose your entire investment. Additionally, if we become a SEC-identified company in fiscal year 2022, any actions that we would take in response to the HFCA Act and compliance with the requirements of the HFCA Act, for so long as we would remain an SEC-identified company, would require is to incur additional legal, accounting and other expenses, which would be significant. RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR SECURITIES The price of our shares of common stock may not reflect our value and there can be no assurance that there will be an active market for our shares of common stock either now or in the future. Although our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets, our shares of common stock trade sporadically, and the price of our common stock, if traded, may not reflect our value. There can be no assurance that there will be an active market for our shares of common stock either now or in the future. Market liquidity will depend on the perception of our operating business and any steps that our management might take to bring us to the awareness of investors. There can be no assurance given that there will be any awareness generated. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investment or liquidate it at a price that reflects the value of the business. As a result holders of our securities may not find purchasers our securities should they to sell securities held by them. Consequently, our securities should be purchased only by investors having no need for liquidity in their investment and who can hold our securities for an indefinite period of time. If a more active market should develop, the price of our shares of common stock may be highly volatile. Because there may be a low price for our shares of common stock, many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions in our securities. Even if an investor finds a broker willing to effect a transaction in the shares of our common stock, the combination of brokerage commissions, transfer fees, taxes, if any, and any other selling costs may exceed the selling price. Further, many lending institutions will not permit the use of such shares of common stock as collateral for any loans. We expect to experience volatility in our stock price, which could negatively affect stockholders investments. Although our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets under the symbol NNAX , there is a limited public market for our common stock. No assurance can be given that an active market will develop or that a stockholder will ever be able to liquidate its shares of common stock without considerable delay, if at all. Many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions in the securities. Even if a purchaser finds a broker willing to effect a transaction in these securities, the combination of brokerage commissions, state transfer taxes, if any, and any other selling costs may exceed the selling price. Furthermore, our stock price may be impacted by factors that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. These market fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rates or international currency fluctuations may adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our common stock. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. Due to the volatility of our common stock price, we may be the target of securities litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources. Stockholders should also be aware that, according to SEC Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stock , such as our common stock, has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (1) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (2) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (3) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; (4) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (5) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequent investor losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. The occurrence of these patterns or practices could increase the future volatility of our share price. 18 Table of Contents Our common stock is subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in our securities is limited, which makes transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. Under U.S. federal securities legislation, our common stock will constitute penny stock . Penny stock is any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require that a broker or dealer approve a potential investor s account for transactions in penny stocks, and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve an investor s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person, and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the Commission relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination. Brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. In addition to the penny stock rules described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. If we issue additional shares in the future, whether in connection with a financing or in exchange for services or rights, it will result in the dilution of our existing stockholders. Our articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of 0.001 per share, and 175,000,000 shares have been designated as blank check preferred stock. As of the date of this report, the Company had 190,782,774 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Accordingly, we may issue up to an additional 148,000,000 shares of common stock. Our Board of Directors may choose to issue some or all of such shares to acquire one or more companies or properties, to fund our overhead and general operating requirements and in exchange for services rendered to the Company. Such issuances may not require the approval of our stockholders. We have previously issued shares of our common stock in exchange for services provided to the Company and for certain rights, including as consideration for intellectual property rights. Any future issuances may reduce the book value per share and may contribute to a reduction in the market price of the outstanding shares of our common stock. If we issue any such additional shares in the future, such issuance will reduce the proportionate ownership and voting power of all current stockholders. State securities laws may limit secondary trading, which may restrict the states in which and conditions under which you can sell the shares offered by this prospectus. Secondary trading in common stock sold in this offering will not be possible in any state until the common stock is qualified for sale under the applicable securities laws of the state or there is confirmation that an exemption, such as listing in certain recognized securities manuals, is available for secondary trading in the state. If we fail to register or qualify, or to obtain or verify an exemption for the secondary trading of, the common stock in any particular state, the common stock could not be offered or sold to, or purchased by, a resident of that state. In the event that a significant number of states refuse to permit secondary trading in our common stock, the liquidity for the common stock could be significantly impacted thus causing you to realize a loss on your investment. 19 Table of Contents The Company does not intend to seek registration or qualification of its shares of common stock the subject of this offering in any State or territory of the United States. Aside from a secondary trading exemption, other exemptions under state law and the laws of US territories may be available to purchasers of the shares of common stock sold in this offering, Anti-takeover effects of certain provisions of Nevada state law hinder a potential takeover of us. Though not now, we may be or in the future we may become subject to Nevada s control share law. A corporation is subject to Nevada s control share law if it has more than 200 stockholders, at least 100 of whom are stockholders of record and residents of Nevada, and it does business in Nevada or through an affiliated corporation. The law focuses on the acquisition of a controlling interest which means the ownership of outstanding voting shares sufficient, but for the control share law, to enable the acquiring person to exercise the following proportions of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors: (i) one-fifth or more but less than one-third, (ii) one-third or more but less than a majority, or (iii) a majority or more. The ability to exercise such voting power may be direct or indirect, as well as individual or in association with others. The effect of the control share law is that the acquiring person, and those acting in association with it, obtains only such voting rights in the control shares as are conferred by a resolution of the stockholders of the corporation, approved at a special or annual meeting of stockholders. The control share law contemplates that voting rights will be considered only once by the other stockholders. Thus, there is no authority to strip voting rights from the control shares of an acquiring person once those rights have been approved. If the stockholders do not grant voting rights to the control shares acquired by an acquiring person, those shares do not become permanent non-voting shares. The acquiring person is free to sell its shares to others. If the buyers of those shares themselves do not acquire a controlling interest, their shares do not become governed by the control share law. If control shares are accorded full voting rights and the acquiring person has acquired control shares with a majority or more of the voting power, any stockholder of record, other than an acquiring person, who has not voted in favor of approval of voting rights is entitled to demand fair value for such stockholder s shares. Nevada s control share law may have the effect of discouraging takeovers of the corporation. In addition to the control share law, Nevada has a business combination law which prohibits certain business combinations between Nevada corporations and interested stockholders for three years after the interested stockholder first becomes an interested stockholder, unless the corporation s board of directors approves the combination in advance. For purposes of Nevada law, an interested stockholder is any person who is (i) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, or (ii) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the three previous years was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition of the term business combination is sufficiently broad to cover virtually any kind of transaction that would allow a potential acquiror to use the corporation s assets to finance the acquisition or otherwise to benefit its own interests rather than the interests of the corporation and its other stockholders. The effect of Nevada s business combination law is to potentially discourage parties interested in taking control of us from doing so if it cannot obtain the approval of our board of directors. 20 Table of Contents Because we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. Stockholders may never be able to sell shares when desired. Before you invest in our securities, you should be aware that there are various risks. You should consider carefully these risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this annual report before you decide to purchase our securities. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We currently do not own any physical property or real property. Our executive offices are located at 150 Cecil Street #08-01 Singapore 069543. We believe that this space is adequate for our present operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS There are no pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class of voting securities of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES None. 21 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Since July 27, 2020, our common stock has been quoted on the OTCPink tier of the OTC Markets Group Inc., under the symbol NNAX. Between August 26, 2015 and July 26, 2020, our common stock was quoted on the OTCQB and/or OTCPink, tiers under the stock symbol EKKH. On April 8,, 2022, the closing bid price on the OTCPink tier for our common stock was 0.0193. Holders As of April 14, 2023, there were 190,782,774 shares of common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately 116 stockholders of record, and 1 share of preferred stock or Series A Preferred Stock issued or outstanding. Dividends We have not declared any dividends and we do not plan to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. There are no restrictions in our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes, however, prohibit us from declaring dividends where, after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of stockholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution, unless otherwise permitted under our Articles of Incorporation. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities There are no unreported sales of equity securities at December 31, 2022. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans On October 14, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company approved and adopted the terms and provisions of a 2020 Stock Incentive Plan for the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Plan, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock available for the grant of awards under the Plan shall not exceed 20,000,000. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company granted 19,400,000 shares of common stock to directors, officers, and consultants. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted 250,000 shares of common stock to consultants. Penny Stock Regulations The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share. Our Common Stock, when and if a trading market develops, may fall within the definition of penny stock and be subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of 1.00 million, or annual incomes exceeding 0.20 million individually, or 0.30 million, together with their spouse). 22 Table of Contents For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and have received the purchaser s prior written consent to the transaction. Additionally, for any transaction, other than exempt transactions, involving a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently, the penny stock rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our Common Stock and may affect the ability of investors to sell their Common Stock in the secondary market. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Registrant and Affiliated Purchasers We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OVERVIEW The Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 1, 1999, and established a fiscal year end of December 31. Going Concern To date the Company has little operations or revenues and consequently has incurred recurring losses from operations. Minimal revenues are anticipated until we complete the financing we endeavor to obtain, as described in the Form 10-K, and implement our expanded business plan. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to fund our business plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. Accordingly, these factors raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our activities have been financed from related-party loans, proceeds of share subscriptions and issuance of promissory note. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued promissory note of principal 215,000. The Company plans to raise additional funds through debt or equity offerings. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise any capital through this or any other offerings. 23 Table of Contents PLAN OF OPERATION We are an early stage corporation and have generated revenues of 931,936 from our business during the years ended December 31, 2022. We have developed and operate an online ticketing platform named Gagfare.com, which provides a ticketing system for individuals and agencies to search, book and issue flight tickets and other services. During the 12 months following the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, will be focuse on attempting to raise 10,000,000 of funds to expand our business. We have no assurance that future financing will materialize. If that financing is not available, we may be unable to continue. However, if such public financing is not available, we could fail to satisfy our future cash requirements. We have no assurance that future financing will materialize. If that financing is not available we may be unable to continue. Management believes that if subsequent private placements are successful, we will be able to generate sales revenue within the following twelve months thereof. However, additional equity financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all, and thus we could fail to satisfy our future cash requirements. If we are unsuccessful in raising the additional proceeds through a private placement offering we will then have to seek additional funds through debt financing, which would be highly difficult for an early-stage company to secure. Therefore, the Company is highly dependent upon the success of the anticipated private placement offering and failure thereof would result in the Company having to seek capital from other sources such as debt financing, which may not even be available to the Company. However, if such financing were available, because we are an early stage company, it would likely have to pay additional costs associated with high risk loans and be subject to an above market interest rate. At such time these funds are required, management would evaluate the terms of such debt financing and determine whether the business could sustain operations and growth and manage the debt load. If we cannot raise additional proceeds via a private placement of its common stock or secure debt financing it would be required to cease business operations. As a result, investors in our common stock would lose all of their investment. With new investors joining, the Company is operating a travel services businesses, which includes an online ticketing platform Gagfare, which provides to travelers a Book Now, Pay Later business model, for travelers to secure the best fares and reserve flights well ahead of time. The Company will also become the driving force behind a bold new hospitality concept that takes nature lovers and intrepid travelers to exciting new and established destinations. The curated collection of boutique properties, each with a focus on diving, sustainability, conservation, and cultural authenticity, offers a thoroughly contemporary travel experience that is intrinsically linked to the destination, its heritage and its culture. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS We are not required to obtain permission from the Chinese authorities to operate or to issue securities to foreign investors. We are a development stage company and reported a net loss of 188,853 and 287,763 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We had current assets of 115,109 and current liabilities of 599,557 as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, our current assets and current liabilities were 51,090 and 384,249, respectively. Our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon improving our profitability, the continuing financial support from our shareholders and raising of capital. Our sources of capital in the past have included the sale of equity securities, which include common stock sold in private transactions and public offerings, issuance of promissory notes and short-term and long-term debts. 24 Table of Contents Comparison of the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 As of December 31, 2022, we suffered from a working capital deficit of 484,448. As a result, our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon improving our profitability and the continuing financial support from our stockholders or other capital sources in the next twelve months. Management believes that the continuing financial support from the existing shareholders and external financing will provide the additional cash to meet our obligations as they become due. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result in the Company not being able to continue as a going concern. The following table sets forth certain operational data for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues 931,936 1,292,479 Cost of revenue (924,286 (1,287,084 Gross profit 7,650 5,395 Total operating expenses (197,126 (295,409 Other income, net 623 2,251 Loss before Income Taxes (188,853 (287,763 Income tax expense - - Net loss (188,853 (287,763 Revenue . We generated revenues of 931,936 and 1,292,479 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, due to the decreased transactions in ticket booking during 2022. Cost of Revenue . Cost of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 924,286 and 1,287,084, respectively. Cost of revenue decreased primarily as a result of the decrease in our business volume. Gross Profit . We achieved a gross profit of 7,650 and 5,395 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Increase in gross profit was due to Hong Kong s lifting of its travelling restrictions. General and Administrative Expenses G A . We incurred G A expenses of 197,126 and 295,409 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in G A is primarily attributable to no stock-based compensation transactions during 2022, as compared to 2021. Income Tax Expense . Our income tax expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0 and 0. Net Loss . As a result of the above, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss of 188,853, as compared to 287,763 for the same period ended December 31, 2021. 25 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 59,247, accounts receivable of 24,205, deposits, prepayments and other receivables of 31,657. As of December 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 15,609, accounts receivable of 15,773, deposits, prepayments and other receivables of 19,708. Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (144,178 (108,892 Net cash provided by investing activities - - Net cash provided by financing activities 187,315 59,395 Net Cash Used In Operating Activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 144,178, which consisted primarily of net loss of 188,853, an increase in accounts receivables of 8,432, an increase in deposits, prepayments and other receivables of 11,949, offset by amortization of convertible note discount of 6,652, depreciation of right-of-use asset of 24,954, non-cash expense related to lease liabilities of 1,278, non-cash financing cost of 7,314, an increase in accounts payable of 1,495 and an increase in accrued liabilities and other payables of 23,363. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 108,892, which is directly attributable to a net loss of 287,763, with an increase in deposits, prepayments and other receivables of 245 and an increase in accounts payable of 15,696, accrued expenses and other payable of 44,848, offset by an increase in accounts receivables of 15,399 and non-cash items consisting of amortization and depreciation of 26,643, stock-based compensation of 101,715, non-cash convertible note expense of 2,614 and lease expense of 2,509. We expect to continue to rely on cash generated through financing from our existing shareholders and private placements of our securities, however, to finance our operations and future acquisitions. Net Cash Provided By Investing Activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there is no net cash provided by investing activities. For the year ended December 31, 2021, there is no net cash provided by investing activities. Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 187,315 consisting primarily of 26,840 payment of lease liabilities, 845 repayment to director, offset by 215,000 proceeds from issuance of convertible notes. 26 Table of Contents For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 59,395, being advances received from a director of 86,378 and repayment of lease liabilities of 26,983. Working Capital We expect to incur significantly greater expenses in the near future as we expand our business or enter into strategic partnerships. We also expect our technology and development, sales and marketing expenses to increase as we enhance our e-commerce platform and spend more efforts in building up customers and community and incur additional costs in investors and partnerships relationship for long-term corporate development. During the year, we did not pay dividends on our Common Stock. Our present policy is to apply cash to investments in business development, acquisitions or expansion; consequently, we do not expect to pay dividends on Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Going Concern Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon improving our profitability and the continuing financial support from our stockholders. Our sources of capital may include the sale of equity securities, which include common stock sold in private transactions, capital leases and short-term and long-term debts. While we believe that we will obtain external financing and the existing shareholders will continue to provide the additional cash to meet our obligations as they become due, there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise such additional capital resources on satisfactory terms. We require additional funding to meet its ongoing obligations and to fund anticipated operating losses. Our auditor has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to fund its business plans and ultimately to attain profitable operations. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result in the Company not being able to continue as a going concern. We expect to incur marketing and professional and administrative expenses as well expenses associated with maintaining our filings with the Commission. We will require additional funds during this time and will seek to raise the necessary additional capital. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required to reduce the scope of our business development activities, which could harm our business plans, financial condition and operating results. Additional funding may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. We intend to continue to fund its business by way of equity or debt financing and advances from related parties. Any inability to raise capital as needed would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we cannot raise additional funds, we will have to cease business operations. As a result, our common stock investors would lose all of their investment. Material Cash Requirements We have not achieved profitability since our inception and we expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. We expect net cash expended in 2022 to be significantly higher than 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 484,448. Our material cash requirements are highly dependent upon the additional financial support from our major shareholders in the next 12 - 18 months. 27 Table of Contents We had the following contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of December 31, 2022: Contractual Obligations Total Less than 1 year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More than 5 Years Amounts due to director 285,482 285,482 Convertible promissory note 209,652 209,652 Total obligations 495,134 495,134 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have not entered into any financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. In addition, we have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our own shares and classified as shareholders equity, or that are not reflected in our financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. Moreover, we do not have any variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. COVID-19 We continue to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and our Company and have concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on our financial position and results of our operations, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of this filing. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Global Economic Climate We continue to monitor the global tensions being presently experienced resulting in rising cost, shortage of fuel and potentially the global economic depression which could have a significant negative effect on our financial position and results of our operations, the specific impact of which is not readily determinable as of the date of this filing. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Basis of presentation These accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America US GAAP ). Use of estimates and assumptions In preparing these consolidated financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheet and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Basis of consolidation 28 Table of Contents The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company have been eliminated upon consolidation. Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost and represent cash on hand, demand deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions and all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less as of the purchase date of such investments. Accounts receivable Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest, which are due within contractual payment terms, generally 30 to 90 days from completion of service. Credit is extended based on evaluation of a customer s financial condition, the customer credit-worthiness and their payment history. Accounts receivable outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. Past due balances over 90 days and over a specified amount are reviewed individually for collectibility. At the end of fiscal year, the Company specifically evaluates individual customer s financial condition, credit history, and the current economic conditions to monitor the progress of the collection of accounts receivables. The Company will consider the allowance for doubtful accounts for any estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. For the receivables that are past due or not being paid according to payment terms, the appropriate actions are taken to exhaust all means of collection, including seeking legal resolution in a court of law. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company does not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to its customers. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there was no allowance for doubtful accounts. Revenue recognition The Company recognizes revenue from its contracts with customers in accordance with ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Under ASC 606, a performance obligation is a promise within a contract to transfer a distinct good or service, or a series of distinct goods and services, to a customer. Revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of promised goods or services. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for goods or services. Under the standard, a contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of ASC 606, the Company performs the following five steps: identify the contract with a customer; identify the performance obligations in the contract; determine the transaction price; allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and recognize revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied. 29 Table of Contents The Company records its revenue from booking income upon the ticket booking service is rendered to travelers. The Company also records its revenue from the sale of air tickets upon the confirmation and issuance of tickets to the travelers. The Company follows the guidance provided in ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, for determining whether the Company is the principal or an agent in arrangements with customers that involve another party that contributes to the provision of goods to a customer. In these instances, the Company determines whether it has promised to provide the goods itself (as principal) or to arrange for the specified goods to be provided by another party (as an agent). This determination is a matter of judgment that depends on the facts and circumstances of each arrangement. The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of its air tickets on a gross basis as the Company is responsible for the fulfillment, controls the delivery of the promised goods, and has full discretion in establishing prices and therefore is the principal in the arrangement. Income taxes The Company adopted the ASC 740 Income tax provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13, which addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the consolidated financial statements. Under paragraph 740-10-25-13, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Paragraph 740-10-25-13 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits according to the provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13. The estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded on its balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary. Foreign currencies translation Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency using the applicable exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded in the consolidated statement of operations. The reporting currency of the Company is United States Dollar US and the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been expressed in US . In addition, the Company is operating in Hong Kong and Singapore and maintains its books and record in its local currency, Hong Kong Dollars HKD and Singapore Dollars SGD ), which are a functional currency as being the primary currency of the economic environment in which their operations are conducted. In general, for consolidation purposes, assets and liabilities of its subsidiary whose functional currency is not US are translated into US , in accordance with ASC Topic 830-30, Translation of Financial Statement , using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the period. The gains and losses resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign subsidiary are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income within the statements of changes in shareholders equity. Net loss per share The Company calculates net loss per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260, Earnings per Share. Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per share is computed similar to basic income per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common stock equivalents had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. 30 Table of Contents Comprehensive income ASC Topic 220, Comprehensive Income , establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components and accumulated balances. Comprehensive income as defined includes all changes in equity during a period from non-owner sources. Accumulated other comprehensive income, as presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of changes in shareholders equity, consists of changes in unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency translation. This comprehensive income is not included in the computation of income tax expense or benefit. Leases The Company adopted Topic 842, Leases ASC 842 ), using the modified retrospective approach through a cumulative-effect adjustment and utilizing the effective date of January 1, 2019 as its date of initial application, with prior periods unchanged and presented in accordance with the previous guidance in Topic 840, Leases ASC 840 ). At the inception of an arrangement, the Company determines whether the arrangement is or contains a lease based on the unique facts and circumstances present. Leases with a term greater than one year are recognized on the balance sheet as right-of-use ROU assets, lease liabilities and long-term lease liabilities. The Company has elected not to recognize on the balance sheet leases with terms of one year or less. Operating lease liabilities and their corresponding right-of-use assets are recorded based on the present value of lease payments over the expected remaining lease term. However, certain adjustments to the right-of-use asset may be required for items such as prepaid or accrued lease payments. The interest rate implicit in lease contracts is typically not readily determinable. As a result, the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rates, which are the rates incurred to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. In accordance with the guidance in ASC 842, components of a lease should be split into three categories: lease components (e.g. land, building, etc.), non-lease components (e.g. common area maintenance, consumables, etc.), and non-components (e.g. property taxes, insurance, etc.). Subsequently, the fixed and in-substance fixed contract consideration (including any related to non-components) must be allocated based on the respective relative fair values to the lease components and non-lease components. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. Lease expense includes amortization of the ROU assets and accretion of the lease liabilities. Amortization of ROU assets is calculated as the periodic lease cost less accretion of the lease liability. The amortized period for ROU assets is limited to the expected lease term. The Company has elected a practical expedient to combine the lease and non-lease components into a single lease component. The Company also elected the short-term lease measurement and recognition exemption and does not establish ROU assets or lease liabilities for operating leases with terms of 12 months or less. Retirement plan costs Contributions to retirement plans (which are defined contribution plans) are charged to general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operation as the related employee service is provided. Share-based compensation The Company follows ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ), which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards, including restricted stock units, based on estimated grant date fair values. Restricted stock units are valued using the market price of the Company s common shares on the date of grant. The Company records compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period. 31 Table of Contents Related parties The Company follows the ASC 850-10, Related Party for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. Pursuant to section 850-10-20 the related parties include a) affiliates of the Company; b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of section 825 10 15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c) trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and Income-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d) principal owners of the Company; e) management of the Company; f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g) other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. The consolidated financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a) the nature of the relationship(s) involved; b) a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c) the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d) amount due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. Commitments and contingencies The Company follows the ASC 450-20, Commitments to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or un-asserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or un-asserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s consolidated financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not believe, based upon information available at this time that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. 32 Table of Contents Fair value of financial instruments The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and has adopted paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Paragraph 820-10-35-37 to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification are described below: Level 1 Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Level 2 Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. Level 3 Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. Financial assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument. The carrying amounts of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, deposits, prepayment and other receivables, amount due from a director and operating lease right-of-use assets, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. Recent accounting pronouncements From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB or other standard setting bodies and adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the Company believes that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations upon adoption. Except as mentioned above, the Company does not believe other recently issued but not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Subsequent Events None through date of this filing. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. 33 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS New Momentum Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm J S Associates PLT F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 34 Table of Contents J S ASSOCIATE PLT 202206000037 (LLP0033395-LCA) AF002380 (Registered with PCAOB and MIA) B-11-14, Megan Avenue II 12, Jalan Yap Kwan Seng, 50450, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Tel: +603-4813 9469 Email : info@jns-associate.com Website : jns-associate.com REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Director and Shareholders of NEW MOMENTUM CORPORATION Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of New Momentum Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern Uncertainties The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues nor required funding sufficient to cover its operating costs and future expansion plans to allow it to continue as a going concern. These factors create an uncertainty as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current year audit of the financial statements that were communicated or are required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements, and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Revenue Recognition - Principal versus Agent Considerations As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, management follows the guidance provided in ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, for determining whether the Company is the principal or an agent in arrangements with customers that involve another party that contributes to providing the goods to a customer. In these instances, management determines whether the Company has promised to provide the goods itself (as principal) or to arrange for the specified goods to be provided by another party (as an agent). As disclosed by management, this determination is a matter of judgment that depends on the facts and circumstances of each arrangement. The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of all airline tickets on a gross basis (as a principal) as the Company is primarily responsible for the fulfilment of the sale, controls the delivery the promised goods, and has full discretion in establishing prices. Therefore, the Company is the principal in all arrangements with customers. Our key considerations for the determination of revenue recognition - principal versus agent considerations as a critical audit matter was due to the high degree of judgement involved in the assessment of who is responsible for the fulfilment of the sale and the delivery of the promised goods to the customer, and whether Company had full discretion in establishing the prices of the goods. These were assessed by: Critically evaluating management s assessment for their rationale and justification of relationship between the various parties; Obtaining an understanding of the revenue process and relationships between the various parties to the transactions by way of review of documents and indepth discussion with key personnel; Analysis in detail the margins earned on sale transactions for the year to corroborate our understanding; Determining consistency of evidence and obtained in other areas of the audit. Exercising a high degree of judgement and subjectivity in performing and evaluating the results of the procedures. /s/ J S Associate PLT Certified Public Accountants PCAOB Number: 6743 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia F-1 Table of Contents NEW MOMENTUM CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) As of December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents 59,247 15,609 Accounts receivable 24,205 15,773 Deposits, prepayments and other receivables 31,657 19,708 Total current assets 115,109 51,090 Non-current asset: Right-of-use assets - 25,060 TOTAL ASSETS 115,109 76,150 LIABILTIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable 17,191 15,696 Accrued liabilities and other payables 87,232 56,555 Amounts due to directors 285,482 286,327 Lease liabilities - 25,671 Convertible promissory note 209,652 - Total current liabilities 599,557 384,249 TOTAL LIABILITIES 599,557 384,249 Commitments and contingencies - - SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT Preferred stock, Class A, 0.001 par value; 175,000,000 shares authorized; 1 share issued and outstanding as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively - - Common stock, 0.001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; 177,687,535 shares and 176,168,548 shares issued and outstanding as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 177,688 176,169 Additional paid in capital 4,369,093 4,358,612 Accumulated other comprehensive income (losses) 232 (272 Accumulated deficit (5,031,461 (4,842,608 Shareholders deficit (484,448 (308,099 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 115,109 76,150 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents NEW MOMENTUM CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US )) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue, net 931,936 1,292,479 Cost of revenue (924,286 (1,287,084 Gross profit 7,650 5,395 Operating expenses: General and administrative expenses (165,244 (250,680 Legal and professional fee (31,882 (44,729 Total operating expenses (197,126 (295,409 Loss from operations (189,476 (290,014 Other income (expense): Government subsidy 14,048 6,419 Foreign exchange gain 433 - Interest income 108 2 Interest expense (13,966 (4,170 Total other income 623 2,251 LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES (188,853 (287,763 Income tax expense - - NET LOSS (188,853 (287,763 Other comprehensive income: Foreign currency translation adjustments 504 612 COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (188,349 (287,151 Net loss per share Basic and diluted (0.00 (0.00 Weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted 176,297,558 219,614,098 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents NEW MOMENTUM CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US )) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss (188,853 (287,763 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Amortization of convertible note discount 6,652 1,556 Depreciation of right-of-use assets 24,954 25,087 Stock-based compensation for services - 101,715 Non-cash lease expense 1,278 2,509 Non-cash financing cost 7,314 2,614 Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (8,432 (15,399 Deposits, prepayments and other receivables (11,949 245 Accounts payable 1,495 15,696 Accrued liabilities and other payables 23,363 44,848 Net cash used in operating activities (144,178 (108,892 Cash flows from financing activities: (Repayment to) advance from a director (845 86,378 Proceeds from issuance of convertible note 215,000 - Payment of lease liabilities (26,840 (26,983 Net cash generated from financing activities 187,315 59,395 Effect on exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents 501 610 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 43,638 (48,887 BEGINNING OF YEAR 15,609 64,496 END OF YEAR 59,247 15,609 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid for tax - - Cash paid for interest - - See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents NEW MOMENTUM CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) Preferred Stock Class A Common Stock Additional paid Accumulated other comprehensive Accumulated Total shareholders No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount in capital losses deficit deficit Balance as at January 1, 2021 - - 340,268,500 340,269 4,054,600 (884 (4,554,845 (160,860 Shares issued for service rendered - - 250,000 250 101,465 - - 101,715 Conversion of common stock to preferred stock 1 - (169,000,000 (169,000 169,000 - - - Shares issued to convert the bond - 4,650,048 4,650 33,547 38,197 Foreign currency translation adjustment - - - - 612 - 612 Net loss for the year - - - - (287,763 (287,763 Balance as at December 31, 2021 1 - 176,168,548 176,169 4,358,612 (272 (4,842,608 (308,099 Balance as at January 1, 2022 1 - 176,168,548 176,169 4,358,612 (272 (4,842,608 (308,099 Shares issued on convertible notes 1,518,987 1,519 10,481 - - 12,000 Foreign currency translation adjustment - - - - - 504 - 504 Net loss for the year - - - - - - (188,853 (188,853 Balance as at December 31, 2022 1 - 177,687,535 177,688 4,369,093 232 (5,031,461 (484,448 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents NEW MOMENTUM CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 1 . DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION New Momentum Corporation (the Company was incorporated under the law of the State of Nevada on July 1, 1999. The Company through its subsidiaries, mainly operates a smartphone application to provide the online platform with Book Now, Pay Later flight booking service for travelers among over 500 airlines worldwide to search and secured their tickets. With a simple, user-friendly interface, the Company enables customers to arrange and book the multiple-stop itineraries, and to check their bookings through official airline websites using the Gagfare booking reference number. On July 6, 2020, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement ), by and among the Company, Nemo Holding Company Limited, a British Virgin Islands corporation Nemo Holding ), and the holders of common shares of Nemo Holding. The holders of the common stock of Nemo Holding consisted of 29 stockholders. Under the terms and conditions of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock in consideration for all the issued and outstanding shares in Nemo Holding. Leung Tin Lung David, the Company s sole officer and director, is the beneficial holder of 6,000,000 common shares, or 60 , of the issued and outstanding shares of Nemo Holding. The effect of the issuance of the 10,000,000 shares issued under the Share Exchange Agreement represents 10.8 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. Both the Company and Nemo Holding are controlled by the same management team. Upon completion of the Share Exchange Transaction, Nemo Holding became a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. Because the Company is a shell company, Nemo Holding will comprise the ongoing operations of the combined entity and its senior management will serve as the senior management of the combined entity, Nemo Holding is deemed to be the accounting acquirer for accounting purposes. The transaction will be treated as a recapitalization of the Company. Accordingly, the consolidated assets, liabilities and results of operations of the Company will become the historical financial statements of Nemo Holding, and the Company s assets, liabilities and results of operations will be consolidated with Nemo Holding beginning on the acquisition date. Nemo Holding was the legal acquiree but deemed to be the accounting acquirer. The Company was the legal acquirer but deemed to be the accounting acquiree in the reverse merger. The historical financial statements prior to the acquisition are those of the accounting acquirer (Nemo Holding). After completion of the Share Exchange Transaction, the Company s consolidated financial statements include the assets and liabilities, the operations and cash flow of the accounting acquirer. Description of subsidiaries Name Place of incorporation and kind of legal entity Principal activities Particulars of registered/ paid up share capital Effective interest held NEMO Holding Company Limited British Virgin Islands Investment holding 10,000 ordinary shares at par value of US 1 100 Gagfare Limited Hong Kong Travel agency 500,000 ordinary shares for HK 500,000 100 Beyond Blue Limited Hong Kong Event organizer 1 ordinary share for HK 1 100 New Momentum Asia Pte. Ltd. Singapore Investment holding 1 ordinary share of SGD 1 100 JPOPCOIN Limited Hong Kong Administrative service 5 ordinary shares for HK 5 100 The Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter referred to as (the Company ). The future direction of the Company is to venture into Tourism Investment Projects with a focus on diving, sustainability, conservation, and authenticity, through a curated collection of boutique properties offering a thoroughly contemporary travel experience, but one that is intrinsically linked to the destination, its heritage, its culture and its biodiversity. F-6 Table of Contents 2. GOING CONCERN UNCERTAINTIES The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared using the going concern basis of accounting, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has suffered from continuous loss from its inception and net current liabilities of 484,448 at December 31, 2022. In addition, with respect to the ongoing and evolving coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak, which was designated as a pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020, the outbreak has caused substantial disruption in international economies and global trades and if repercussions of the outbreak are prolonged, could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s business. The continuation of the Company as a going concern through the next twelve months is dependent upon the continued financial support from its shareholders. The Company is currently pursuing additional financing for its operations and future expansion. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in securing sufficient funds to sustain the operations. These raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result in the Company not being able to continue as a going concern. 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES The accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect the application of certain significant accounting policies as described in this note and elsewhere in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes. Basis presentation These accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America US GAAP ). Use of estimates and assumptions In preparing these consolidated financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheet and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Basis of consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company have been eliminated upon consolidation. F-7 Table of Contents Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost and represent cash on hand, demand deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions and all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less as of the purchase date of such investments. Accounts receivable Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest, which are due within contractual payment terms, generally 30 to 90 days from completion of service. Credit is extended based on evaluation of a customer s financial condition, the customer credit-worthiness and their payment history. Accounts receivable outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. Past due balances over 90 days and over a specified amount are reviewed individually for collectability. At the end of fiscal year, the Company specifically evaluates individual customer s financial condition, credit history, and the current economic conditions to monitor the progress of the collection of accounts receivables. The Company will consider the allowance for doubtful accounts for any estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. For the receivables that are past due or not being paid according to payment terms, the appropriate actions are taken to exhaust all means of collection, including seeking legal resolution in a court of law. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company does not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to its customers. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no allowance for doubtful accounts. Revenue recognition The Company adopted Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). Under ASC 606, a performance obligation is a promise within a contract to transfer a distinct good or service, or a series of distinct goods and services, to a customer. Revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of promised goods or services. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for goods or services. Under the standard, a contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of ASC 606, the Company performs the following five steps: identify the contract with a customer; identify the performance obligations in the contract; determine the transaction price; allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and recognize revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied. The Company records its revenue from booking income upon the ticket booking service is rendered to travelers. The Company also records its revenue from the sale of air tickets upon the confirmation and issuance of tickets to the travelers. The Company follows the guidance provided in ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, for determining whether the Company is the principal or an agent in arrangements with customers that involve another party that contributes to the provision of goods to a customer. In these instances, the Company determines whether it has promised to provide the goods itself (as principal) or to arrange for the specified goods to be provided by another party (as an agent). This determination is a matter of judgment that depends on the facts and circumstances of each arrangement. The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of its air tickets on a gross basis as the Company is responsible for the fulfillment, controls the delivery of the promised goods, and has full discretion in establishing prices and therefore is the principal in the arrangement. F-8 Table of Contents Income taxes The Company adopted the ASC 740 Income tax provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13, which addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the consolidated financial statements. Under paragraph 740-10-25-13, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Paragraph 740-10-25-13 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits according to the provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13. The estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded on its balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary. Uncertain tax positions The Company did not take any uncertain tax positions and had no adjustments to its income tax liabilities or benefits pursuant to the ASC 740 provisions of Section 740-10-25 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Foreign currencies translation Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency using the applicable exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded in the consolidated statement of operations. The reporting currency of the Company is United States Dollar US and the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been expressed in US . In addition, the Company is operating in Hong Kong and Singapore and maintain its books and record in its local currency, Hong Kong Dollars HKD and Singapore Dollars SGD ), which are a functional currency as being the primary currency of the economic environment in which their operations are conducted. In general, for consolidation purposes, assets and liabilities of its subsidiary whose functional currency is not US are translated into US , in accordance with ASC Topic 830-30, Translation of Financial Statement , using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the period. The gains and losses resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income within the statements of changes in shareholders equity. Translation of amounts from HKD and SGD into US have been made at the following exchange rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Year-end HKD:US exchange rate 0.12808 0.12825 Average HKD:US exchange rate 0.12771 0.12839 Year-end SGD:US exchange rate 0.74500 0.74111 Average SGD:US exchange rate 0.72549 0.73693 F-9 Table of Contents Comprehensive income ASC Topic 220, Comprehensive Income , establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components and accumulated balances. Comprehensive income as defined includes all changes in equity during a period from non-owner sources. Accumulated other comprehensive income, as presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of changes in shareholders equity, consists of changes in unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency translation. This comprehensive income is not included in the computation of income tax expense or benefit. Leases The Company adopted Topic 842, Leases ASC 842 ), using the modified retrospective approach through a cumulative-effect adjustment and utilizing the effective date of January 1, 2019 as its date of initial application, with prior periods unchanged and presented in accordance with the previous guidance in Topic 840, Leases ASC 840 ). At the inception of an arrangement, the Company determines whether the arrangement is or contains a lease based on the unique facts and circumstances present. Leases with a term greater than one year are recognized on the balance sheet as right-of-use ROU assets, lease liabilities and long-term lease liabilities. The Company has elected not to recognize on the balance sheet leases with terms of one year or less. Operating lease liabilities and their corresponding right-of-use assets are recorded based on the present value of lease payments over the expected remaining lease term. However, certain adjustments to the right-of-use asset may be required for items such as prepaid or accrued lease payments. The interest rate implicit in lease contracts is typically not readily determinable. As a result, the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rates, which are the rates incurred to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. In accordance with the guidance in ASC 842, components of a lease should be split into three categories: lease components (e.g. land, building, etc.), non-lease components (e.g. common area maintenance, consumables, etc.), and non-components (e.g. property taxes, insurance, etc.). Subsequently, the fixed and in-substance fixed contract consideration (including any related to non-components) must be allocated based on the respective relative fair values to the lease components and non-lease components. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. Lease expense includes amortization of the ROU assets and accretion of the lease liabilities. Amortization of ROU assets is calculated as the periodic lease cost less accretion of the lease liability. The amortized period for ROU assets is limited to the expected lease term. The Company has elected a practical expedient to combine the lease and non-lease components into a single lease component. The Company also elected the short-term lease measurement and recognition exemption and does not establish ROU assets or lease liabilities for operating leases with terms of 12 months or less. Retirement plan costs Contributions to retirement plans (which are defined contribution plans) are charged to general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operation as the related employee service are provided. F-10 Table of Contents Share-based compensation The Company follows ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ), which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards, including restricted stock units, based on estimated grant date fair values. Restricted stock units are valued using the market price of the Company s common shares on the date of grant. The Company records compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period. Related parties The Company follows the ASC 850-10, Related Party for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. Pursuant to section 850-10-20 the related parties include a) affiliates of the Company; b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of section 825 10 15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c) trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and Income-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d) principal owners of the Company; e) management of the Company; f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g) other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. The consolidated financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a) the nature of the relationship(s) involved; b) a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c) the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d) amount due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. Commitments and contingencies The Company follows the ASC 450-20, Commitments to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or un-asserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or un-asserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s consolidated financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. F-11 Table of Contents Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not believe, based upon information available at this time that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. Fair value of financial instruments The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and has adopted paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Paragraph 820-10-35-37 to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification are described below: Level 1 Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Level 2 Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. Level 3 Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. Financial assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument. The carrying amounts of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, deposits, prepayment and other receivables, amount due from a director and operating lease right-of-use assets, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. Recent accounting pronouncements From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB or other standard setting bodies and adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the Company believes that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations upon adoption. The Company does not believe other recently issued but not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s audited consolidated financial statements. F-12 Table of Contents 4. AMOUNTS DUE TO DIRECTORS As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed to its directors in the amount of 285,482 and 286,327, respectively. The amounts are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand. 5. CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE On May 18, 2022, the Company and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, 1800 entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, whereby the Company issued a promissory note to 1800 (the 1800 Note in the original principal amount of 68,750. The 1800 Note contains an original issue discount of 3,750 which will be reflected as a debt discount and amortized over the twelve months Note term. The 1800 Note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company at a price equal to 35 of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock for the twenty (20) consecutive trading days immediately preceding to the conversion date. The 1800 Note bears interest at 8 per annum and is due on May 18, 2023. On August 4, 2022, the Company and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, 1800 entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, whereby the Company issued a promissory note to 1800 (the 1800 Note in the original principal amount of 54,250. The 1800 Note contains an original issue discount of 4,250 which will be reflected as a debt discount and amortized over the twelve months Note term. The 1800 Note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company at a price equal to 35 of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock for the twenty (20) consecutive trading days immediately preceding to the conversion date. The 1800 Note bears interest at 8 per annum and is due on August 4, 2023. On September 2, 2022, the Company and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, 1800 entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, whereby the Company issued a promissory note to 1800 (the 1800 Note in the original principal amount of 54,250. The 1800 Note contains an original issue discount of 4,250 which will be reflected as a debt discount and amortized over the twelve months Note term. The 1800 Note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company at a price equal to 35 of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock for the twenty (20) consecutive trading days immediately preceding to the conversion date. The 1800 Note bears interest at 8 per annum and is due on September 2, 2023. On September 20, 2022, the Company and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, 1800 entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, whereby the Company issued a promissory note to 1800 (the 1800 Note in the original principal amount of 54,250. The 1800 Note contains an original issue discount of 4,250 which will be reflected as a debt discount and amortized over the twelve months Note term. The 1800 Note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company at a price equal to 35 of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock for the twenty (20) consecutive trading days immediately preceding to the conversion date. The 1800 Note bears interest at 8 per annum and is due on September 20, 2023. The terms of the 1800 Notes whereby conversion is only permissible after 180 days from the issue date and number of the shares held by the holder and its affiliates when converted, shall not to exceed 4.99 of issued and outstanding common stock of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, principal of 12,000 was converted to 1,518,987 shares of common stock with conversion price of 0.0079. As of December 31, 2022, principal of 203,000 was not yet converted. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amortization of discount was 6,652 and 1,556, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest amounted to 7,314 and 0, respectively. F-13 Table of Contents 6. SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT Preferred Stock Authorized shares The Company was authorized to issue 175,000,000 shares of Class A preferred stock at par value of 0.001. Any class of preferred stock may have preferential voting rights, liquidation rights or other rights with respect to the class of common stock. These preferential rights may have anti-takeover effects and may also result in the dilution of the common shareholders; equity interest and earnings per share. Issued and outstanding shares As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 1 and 1 share of Class A preferred stock was issued and outstanding. Common Stock Authorized shares The Company was authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares of common stock at par value of 0.001. Issued and outstanding shares On October 19, 2020, the Company approved the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan and authorized the director to issue the maximum shares of common stock of 20,000,000 shares under the Plan. On October 23, 2020, the Company issued 19,400,000 shares of common stock at 0.21 per share under the Plan to compensate certain consultants and service providers in rendering the services to the Company. On April 13, 2021, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with the Company s sole director and a major shareholder, pursuant to which the Company issued one share of Series A Preferred Stock in exchange for his 169,000,000 shares of its common stock and cancelled these 169,000,000 shares of its common stock. On April 19, 2021, the Company issued 150,000 shares of common stock to SEC counsel for legal service at the current market price of 0.2781 per share, totaling 41,715. F-14 Table of Contents On July 27, 2021 and October 27, 2021, the Company issued the aggregate of 4,650,048 shares of its common stock to EMA Financial LLC for the conversion of the convertible bond totaling 38,197. On November 28, 2021, the Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock to a travel agent for the performance reward at the current market price of 0.6 per share, totaling 60,000. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 177,687,535 and 176,168,548 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding respectively. Stock Option Plan On October 19, 2020, the Company approved the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan and authorized the director to issue the maximum shares of common stock of 20,000,000 shares under the Plan. On October 23, 2020, the Company issued 19,400,000 shares of common stock at 0.21 per share under the Plan to compensate certain consultants and service providers in rendering the services to the Company. On April 19, 2021, the Company issued 150,000 shares of its common stock to SEC counsel for legal service at the current market price of 0.2781 per share under the Plan. On November 29, 2021, the Company issued 100,000 shares of its common stock to a travel agent for the performance reward at the current market price of 0.6 per share under the Plan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 350,000 shares remain to be issued under the Plan respectively. 7. INCOME TAX The Company mainly operates in Hong Kong and is subject to taxes in the governing jurisdictions in which it operates. The effective tax rate in the period presented is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range of income tax rate, as follows: F-15 Table of Contents United States of America NNAX is registered in the State of Nevada and is subject to US federal corporate income tax. The U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Reform Act was signed into law. The Tax Reform Act significantly revised the U.S. corporate income tax regime by, among other things, lowering the U.S. corporate tax rate from 35 to 21 effective January 1, 2018. The Company s policy is to recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its income tax provision. The Company has not accrued or paid interest or penalties which were not material to its results of operations for the periods presented. As of December 31, 2022, the operations in the United States of America incurred 4,760,456 of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward to offset future taxable income. The Tax Reform Act also changed the rules on net operating loss carry forwards. The 20-year limitation was eliminated, giving the taxpayer the ability to carry forward losses indefinitely. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets of 999,696 on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. BVI NHCL is considered to be an exempted British Virgin Islands Company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the British Virgin Islands or the United States. Singapore NMAPL is registered in Republic of Singapore and is subject to the Singapore corporate income tax at a standard income tax rate of 17 on the assessable income arising in Singapore during its tax year. No assessable income was generated in Singapore during the year ended December 31, 2022 and there was no provision for income tax. As of December 31, 2022, the operation in Singapore incurred 3,287 of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward to offset future taxable income with no expiry. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets of 559 on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. Hong Kong GL, BBL and JL are operating in Hong Kong and are subject to the Hong Kong Profits Tax at the two-tiered profits tax rates from 8.25 to 16.5 on the estimated assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the current year, after deducting a tax concession for the tax year. The reconciliation of income tax rate to the effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Loss before income taxes (50,245 (73,353 Statutory income tax rate 16.5 16.5 Income tax expense at statutory rate (8,290 (12,103 Tax effect of non-taxable items (2,335 (1,059 Net operating loss 10,625 13,162 Income tax expense - - F-16 Table of Contents The following table sets forth the significant components of the deferred tax assets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: As of December 31, 2022 2021 Deferred tax assets: Net operating loss carryforwards - United States 999,696 978,905 - Hong Kong 44,896 34,270 - Singapore 559 231 1,045,150 1,013,406 Less: valuation allowance (1,045,150 (1,013,406 Deferred tax assets, net - - 8. NET LOSS PER SHARE Basic net loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. The dilutive effect of potential common shares outstanding is included in diluted net loss per share. The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss attributable to common shareholders (188,853 (287,763 Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic and diluted 176,297,558 219,614,098 Net loss per share Basic and diluted (0.00 (0.00 9. PENSION COSTS The Company is required to make contribution to their employees under a government-mandated defined contribution pension scheme for its eligible full-times employees in Hong Kong. The Company is required to contribute a specified percentage of the participants relevant income based on their ages and wages level. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 766 and 1,283 contributions were made accordingly. 10. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS From time to time, the directors of the Company advanced funds to the Company for working capital purpose. Those advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and had no fixed terms of repayment. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has been provided free office space by its shareholder. The management determined that such cost is nominal and did not recognize the rent expense in its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Since February 1, 2016, the Company was granted with the right of use to the website and mobile application platforms by JJ Explorer Tours Limited JJ Explorer ), which was also controlled by the directors of the Company. Also, the Company formed a cooperation partnership with JJ Explorer whereas JJ Explorer invested to develop and maintained the operations of the Gagfare web and mobile application platforms in a term of 5 years, JJ Explorer would share 50 of the net earnings generated by the Company in the use of its web and mobile application platforms during the cooperation period. On January 31, 2021, JJ Explorer agreed to extend the term of additional 5 years up January 31, 2026. This agreement was terminated on February 28, 2022 and simultaneously, on the same date, a Cooperation Agreement was signed between JJ Explorer and New Momentum Asia Pte., Ltd. NMAPL ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Whilst the role of JJ Explorer remained the same, NMAPL was responsible to develop global marketing and business operations of the platform. The agreement provided for the sharing of the net earnings derived through the platform to be shared at 50 with JJ Explorer at the end of the term of the agreement in five (5) years. The agreement, nevertheless was also terminated on October 31, 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as the Company had not generated any earnings from the use of the web and mobile application platforms, and accordingly, there are no service charges and payables due to JJ Explorer. F-17 Table of Contents Apart from the transactions and balances detailed elsewhere in these accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company has no other significant or material related party transactions during the years presented. 11. CONCENTRATIONS OF RISK The Company is exposed to the following concentrations of risk: (a) Major customers For the year ended December 31, 2022, there is one single customer who accounts for 93 of the Company s revenue totaling 864,799 with 0 accounts receivable at December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, there is one single customer who accounts for 97 of the Company s revenue totaling 1,259,890 with 15,773 accounts receivable at December 31, 2021. (b) Major vendors For the years ended December 31, 2022, there is one single vendor who accounts for 96 of the Company s cost of revenue totaling 891,421 with 14,285 accounts payable at December 31, 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2021, there is one single vendor who accounts for 99 of the Company s cost of revenue totaling 1,273,991 with 15,696 accounts payable at December 31, 2021. (c) Economic and political risk The Company s major operations are conducted in Hong Kong. Accordingly, the political, economic, and legal environments in Hong Kong, as well as the general state of Hong Kong s economy may influence the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. The present global economic climate with rising global tensions, rising costs and fuel shortage which potentially could escalate and result in global inflation may also impact the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. (d) Exchange rate risk The Company cannot guarantee that the current exchange rate will remain steady; therefore there is a possibility that the Company could post the same amount of profit for two comparable periods and because of the fluctuating exchange rate actually post higher or lower profit depending on exchange rate of HKD and SGD converted to US on that date. The exchange rate could fluctuate depending on changes in political and economic environments without notice. 12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has no material commitments or contingencies. 13. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS In accordance with ASC Topic 855, Subsequent Events , which establishes general standards of accounting for and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet date but before consolidated financial statements are issued, the Company has evaluated all events or transactions that occurred after December 31, 2022, up through the date the Company issued the audited consolidated financial statements. The Company determined that there are no further events to disclose. F-18 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation and supervision of our President, who acts as both our principal executive office and principal financial officer, is responsible for our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified under SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, including the President, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that as of December 31, 2022 these disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level. As discussed below, our internal control over financial reporting is an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process, including policies and procedures, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our President, who acts as both our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, performed an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the results of this assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, based on such criteria. Deficiencies existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. The matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (i) lack of a majority of independent members and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and (ii) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. Management believes that the lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 35 Table of Contents Auditor s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting In connection with our continued monitoring and maintenance of our controls procedures as part of the implementation of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we continue to review, test, and improve the effectiveness of our internal controls. There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter and since the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Inherent Limitation on the Effectiveness of Internal Controls The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, any system of internal control over financial reporting can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurances. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for our business but cannot assure that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION On March 11, 2021, the Company designated a class of preferred stock titled, Series A Preferred Stock, with a par value of 0.001 per share, and consisting of one share. The Series A preferred carries voting rights equal to 110 of the total voting rights of the outstanding common stock and voting power of the Company, and has the right to appoint one director of the Company. Additionally, the one share of Series A Preferred Stock contains protective provisions, which precludes the Company from taking the certain actions without the approval of the holder of the share of Series A Preferred Stock. More specifically, so long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company shall not, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class: 36 Table of Contents (a) amend the Articles of Incorporation or, unless approved by the Board of Directors, including by the Series A Director, amend the Company s Bylaws; (b) change or modify the rights, preferences or other terms of the Series A Preferred Stock, or increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock; (c) reclassify or recapitalize any outstanding equity securities, or, unless approved by the Board of Directors, including by the Series A Director, authorize or issue, or undertake an obligation to authorize or issue, any equity securities or any debt securities convertible into or exercisable for any equity securities (other than the issuance of stock-options or securities under any employee option or benefit plan); (d) authorize or effect any transaction constituting a Deemed Liquidation under the Articles, or any other merger or consolidation of the Company; (e) increase or decrease the size of the Board of Directors as provided in the Bylaws of the Company or remove the Series A Director (unless approved by the Board of Directors, including the Series A Director); (f) declare or pay any dividends or make any other distribution with respect to any class or series of capital stock (unless approved by the Board of Directors, including the Series A Director); (g) redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any outstanding shares of capital stock (other than the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from employees, consultants or other service providers pursuant to agreements approved by the Board of Directors under which the Company has the option to repurchase such shares at no greater than original cost upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of employment) (unless approved by the Board of Directors, including the Series A Director); (h) create or amend any stock option plan of the Company, if any (other than amendments that do not require approval of the stockholders under the terms of the plan or applicable law) or approve any new equity incentive plan; (i) replace the President and/or Chief Executive Officer of the Company (unless approved by the Board of Directors, including the Series A Director); (j) transfer assets to any subsidiary or other affiliated entity (unless approved by the Board of Directors, including the Series A Director); (k) issue, or cause any subsidiary of the Company to issue, any indebtedness or debt security, other than trade accounts payable and/or letters of credit, performance bonds or other similar credit support incurred in the ordinary course of business, or amend, renew, increase or otherwise alter in any material respect the terms of any indebtedness previously approved or required to be approved by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock (unless approved by the Board of Directors, including the Series A Director); (l) modify or change the nature of the Company s business; (m) acquire, or cause a Subsidiary of the Company to acquire, in any transaction or series of related transactions, the stock or any material assets of another person, or enter into any joint venture with any other person (unless approved by the Board of Directors, including the Series A Director); or (n) sell, transfer, license, lease or otherwise dispose of, in any transaction or series of related transactions, any material assets of the Company or any Subsidiary outside the ordinary course of business (unless approved by the Board of Directors, including the Series A Director). Additionally, as long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the holders of a majority of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock represented at a duly called special or annual meeting of such stockholders or by an action by written consent for that purpose shall be entitled to elect a special director to the board of directors. 37 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The following table sets forth the names and ages of our current directors and executive officers, the principal offices and positions held by each person, and the year such director or officer commenced serving in such capacity: Name Age Positions Leung Tin Lung David 60 Director, President, Secretary and Treasurer Leung Tin Lung David Director, President, Secretary and Treasurer Mr. Leung, age 60, has served as our President, Secretary, Treasurer and sole Director since May 27, 2020. Mr. Leung is a long-term veteran in the travel industry, with many years of experience working with government and travel trade partners. He is the founder and has been the Managing Director of JJ Explorer Tour Limited, a position he has held since 2007. From 2011 until 2017, Mr. Leung was the Marketing Representative of Philippine Department of Tourism, Hong Kong and Macau. Mr. Leung graduated from the University of Minnesota in 1984. Mr. Leung s background in the travel industry led to our conclusion that he should serve as a director in light of our business and structure. Director Qualifications We believe that our directors should have the highest professional and personal ethics and values, consistent with our values and standards. They should have broad experience at the policy-making level in business or banking. They should be committed to enhancing stockholder value and should have sufficient time to carry out their duties and to provide insight and practical wisdom based on experience. Their service on other boards of public companies should be limited to a number that permits them, given their individual circumstances, to perform responsibly all director duties for us. Each director must represent the interests of all stockholders. When considering potential director candidates, the Board also considers the candidate s character, judgment, diversity, age and skills, including financial literacy and experience in the context of our needs and the needs of the Board. Term of Office All directors hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. The Company s Bylaws provide that the Board of Directors will consist of no less than one member. Officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Director Independence Our board of directors is currently composed of one member, who does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. 38 Table of Contents Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings To our knowledge, our directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a Federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; Being subject of, or a party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or Being subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Significant Employees and Consultants We have no significant employees other than our officers and directors. Audit Committee and Conflicts of Interest Since we do not have an audit, compensation or governance and nominating committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by our directors. The Board of Directors has not established an audit committee and does not have an audit committee financial expert, nor has the Board of Directors established a nominating committee. The Board is of the opinion that such committees are not necessary since the Company is an early stage company and has only one director, and to date, such director has been performing the functions of such committees. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our sole director and officer has the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. Family Relationships Leung Yin Yu Janice, one of the officer is the daughter of our director Leung Tin Lung David. Other than as described above, we are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executive officers or directors. Stockholder Communications With the Board Of Directors We have not implemented a formal policy or procedure by which our stockholders can communicate directly with our Board of Directors. Nevertheless, every effort has been made to ensure that the views of stockholders are heard by the Board of Directors or individual directors, as applicable, and that appropriate responses are provided to stockholders in a timely manner. We believe that we are responsive to stockholder communications, and therefore have not considered it necessary to adopt a formal process for stockholder communications with our Board. During the upcoming year, our Board will continue to monitor whether it would be appropriate to adopt such a process. 39 Table of Contents Code of Ethics The Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its principal executive officers, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. Employment Agreements The remuneration package of our directors pursuant to the employment agreements signed in 2021 is deferred indefinitely with only minimal sums being due to comply with the regulations of Hong Kong. Indemnification Agreements We have no indemnification agreements with our officers, directors or any other person. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following tables set forth certain information about compensation paid, earned or accrued for services by our President and all other executive officers (collectively, the Named Executive Officers in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our officers for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the fiscal periods indicated. Non-Equity Incentive Nonqualified Name and Stock Option Plan Deferred All Other Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Awards ) Awards ) Compensation ) Compensation ) Compensation ) Total ) Leung Tin 2022 5,363 0 0 0 0 0 0 5,363 Lung David (1) 2021 10,785 0 0 0 0 0 0 10,785 ___________ (1) Appointed President, Secretary, Treasurer and director on May 27, 2020. 40 Table of Contents Employment Contracts, Termination of Employment, Change-in-Control Arrangements The Company has deferred the commencement if the employment agreements of 2021 with its director and a shareholder and did not enter into any new employment contracts, termination of employment, or change-in-control arrangements during the year ended December 31, 2022. Option Exercises and Fiscal Year-End Option Value Table. There were no stock options exercised by the named executive officers as of the end of the fiscal period ended December 31, 2022. Long-Term Incentive Plans and Awards There were no awards made to a named executive officer, under any long-term incentive plan, as of the end of the fiscal period ended December 31, 2022. We currently do not pay any compensation to our directors serving on our board of directors. STOCK OPTION GRANTS The following table sets forth stock option grants and compensation or the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) Option Exercise Price ) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) Leung Tin Lung David -0- -0- -0- -0- N/A -0- -0- -0- -0- _____________ (1) Appointed a director on February 13, 2015; resigned from such position on May 27, 2020. 41 Table of Contents DIRECTOR COMPENSATION The following table sets forth director compensation or the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Leung Tin Lung David (1) 5,363 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- ______________ (1) Appointed President, Secretary, Treasurer and director on May 27, 2020. Narrative to Director Compensation Table The following is a narrative discussion of the material information that we believe is necessary to understand the information disclosed in the previous table. Leung Tin Leung David receives no compensation solely in his capacity as a director of the Company. All travel and lodging expenses associated with corporate matters are reimbursed by us, if and when incurred. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table lists, as of April 14, 2023, the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer and director of our Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power. The percentages below are calculated based on 190,782,774 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as April 14, 2023. We do not have any outstanding warrant, options or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock. 42 Table of Contents Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (2) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Common Stock (1) Common Stock Leung Tin Lung David (3) 69,113,213 36.23 Preferred Stock, Class A Leung Tin Lung David 1 100 Common Stock Chak Wan Ling Margaret 22,763,000 11.93 Common Stock Leung Yin Yu Janice 25,000,000 13.10 Common Stock Leung Suk Mun 25,000,000 13.10 All directors and executive officers as a group (1 person) 146,876,213 74.36 ______________ (1) Calculated based on 190,782,774 shares of common stock issued and outstanding on April 14, 2023. (2) Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below is in care of the Company, at the address of: Room 1303, 13/F, Technology Plaza, 651 King s Road, North Point, Hong Kong. (3) Appointed President, Secretary, Treasurer and a director on May 27, 2020. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Related Party Transactions Except as described below, during the past fiscal year, there have been no transactions, whether directly or indirectly, between us and any of our respective officers, directors, beneficial owners of more than 5.0 of our outstanding common stock or their family members, that exceeded the lesser of 0.12 million or 1.0 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last completed fiscal year. Pursuant to a Cooperation Agreement, dated February 1, 2016, by and between Gagfare Limited, a Hong Kong corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and JJ Explorer Tours Limited, a Hong Kong corporation JJ Explorer ), controlled by Leung Tin Lung David, JJ Explorer develops and maintains website and mobile application platforms the Company uses in the operation of its business in exchange for 50 of the net earnings the Company earns through its Gagfare website and mobile application platforms for a term of five years. On January 31, 2021, JJ Explorer agreed to extend the term of additional 5 years up January 31, 2026. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not record the service charges and paid to JJ Explorer. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid the salary of 5,363 and 10,785 to the director for his service. Director Independence Our board of directors is currently composed of one member, who does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. Our board of directors has not separately designated and standing committees. Accordingly, the duties customarily performed by an audit committee, compensation committee, and governance and nominating committee are performed by our board of directors. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total fees charged to the Company for audit services, including quarterly reviews were 37,000 and 35,000, for audit-related services were 7,000 and 0 and for tax services and other services were 0 and 0, respectively. 43 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE (a) The following Exhibits, as required by Item 601 of Regulation SK, are attached or incorporated by reference, as stated below. Number Description 2.1 Share Exchange Agreement, dated July 6, 2020, by and among the New Momentum Corporation, Nemo Holding Corp., a British Virgin Islands corporation Nemo Holding ), and the holders of common shares of Nemo Holding (5) 3.1.1 Articles of Incorporation, dated July 1, 1999 (1) 3.1.2 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, dated December 9, 2010 (2) 3.1.3 Certificate of Correction, dated April 1, 2011 3.1.4 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated June 18, 2020 (5) 3.1.5 Certificate of Designation for Series A Preferred Stock, dated March 11, 2021 3.2 Bylaws (3) 4.1 10 Convertible Note, dated October 27, 2020 (6) 14.1 Code of Ethics (4) 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document _____________ (1) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-54002), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2001. (2) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C (File No. 000-52273), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 17, 2010. (3) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-52273), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 17, 2015. (4) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB (File No. 000-52273), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 14, 2006. (5) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-52273) dated filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2020. (6) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-52273) dated filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 20, 2020 Filed herewith. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 44 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. NEW MOMENTUM CORPORATION Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Leung Tin Lung David Name: Leung Tin Lung David Title: President (principal executive officer, principal accounting officer, and principal financial officer) 45 

<EX-3.3>
 2
 nnax_ex313.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nnax_ex313.htm EXHIBIT 3.1.3 

</EX-3.3>

<EX-3.5>
 3
 nnax_ex315.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nnax_ex315.htm EXHIBIT 3.1.5 

</EX-3.5>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 nnax_ex211.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
 
 nnax_ex211.htm EXHIBIT 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 1. Gagfare Limited, a Hong Kong corporation 2. Nemo Holding Corp., a British Virgin Islands corporation 3. Beyond Blue Limited, a Hong Kong corporation 4. New Momentum Asia Pte. Ltd, a Singapore corporation 5. JPOPCOIN Limited, a Hong Kong corporation 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 nnax_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nnax_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF NEW MOMENTUM CORPORATION I, Leung Tin Lung David, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of New Momentum Corporation 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Leung Tin Lung David Leung Tin Lung David President (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 nnax_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nnax_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER OF NEW MOMENTUM CORPORATION I, Leung Tin Lung David, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of New Momentum Corporation 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Leung Tin Lung David Leung Tin Lung David President (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 nnax_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nnax_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER OF NEW MOMENTUM CORPORATION In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of New Momentum Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022, the undersigned, Leung Tin Lung David, Chief Executive Officer of New Momentum Corporation, does hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of New Momentum Corporation Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Leung Tin Lung David Leung Tin Lung David President (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.1>

