<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230629_10-K_edgar_data_1589361_0001493152-23-022824.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11133458</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>478194</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1871702</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3634962</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2225599</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2653389</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-022824.hdr.sgml : 20230629
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230629060430
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-022824
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		107
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230629
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230629

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			White River Energy Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001589361
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		IRS NUMBER:				453797537
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-192060
		FILM NUMBER:		231054145

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		609 W/ DICKSON ST., SUITE 102 G
		CITY:			FAYETTEVILLE
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			72701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 203-5610

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		609 W/ DICKSON ST., SUITE 102 G
		CITY:			FAYETTEVILLE
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			72701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fortium Holdings Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210519

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Banner Energy Services Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200218

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MTB Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191205

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-022824.txt : 20230629

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

State
 or Other Jurisdiction 
 of
 Incorporation or Organization 
 
 I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No. 

, , 
 ,

Address
 of Principal Executive Offices 
 
 Zip
 Code 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of September 30, 2022,
the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately based upon
the last sales price of the common stock as of such date. Solely for purposes of this disclosure, shares of common stock held by executive
officers, directors and beneficial holders of 10 or more of the outstanding common stock of the registrant as of such date have been
excluded because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. 

The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of June 28, 2023 was shares. 

Audit
 Firm Id 
 
 Auditor
 Name: 
 
 Auditor
 Location: 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page
 Number 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 15 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 46 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 46 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 52 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 52 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 53 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved. 
 54 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 54 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 63 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 64 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 65 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 65 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 66 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 66 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 67 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 71 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 82 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 83 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 85 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 86 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 87 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Throughout
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), the terms White River, the Company, we, 
 us, our, registrant, and Company refer to White River Energy Corp, a Nevada corporation. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

This
Report contains, in addition to historical information, certain forward-looking statements, that includes information relating to future
events, future financial performance, strategies, business opportunities, expectations including our goals and projections with respect
to the planned spin-off by BitNile Metaverse, Inc., formerly known as Ecoark Holdings, Inc. Ecoark of our common stock
issuable upon conversion of its preferred stock (the Spin-Off ), the expected results from and trends and developments in
our oil and gas drilling and related activities, future plans for and anticipated transactions and relationships with respect to our
oil and gas portfolio and operations and potential acquisition of a broker-dealer, our working capital needs, potential financings through
the sale of our common stock or other securities, the subsequent use and sufficiency of the proceeds from any capital raising methods
we may undertake to fund our operations, our further development and implementation of our business plan and our ability to locate sources
of capital necessary to meet our business needs and objectives. Such forward-looking statements include those that express plans, anticipation,
intent, contingency, goals, targets or future development and/or otherwise are not statements of historical fact. These forward-looking
statements are based on our current expectations and projections about future events and they are subject to risks and uncertainties
known and unknown that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. 

In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology, such as may, should, would, 
 expect, intend, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, 
 plan, potential and similar expressions. Accordingly, these statements involve estimates, assumptions and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Any forward-looking statements are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed throughout this Report or incorporated herein by reference. 

You
should read this Report and the documents we have filed as exhibits to this Report, completely and with the understanding that our actual
future results may be materially different from what we expect. You should not assume that the information contained in this Report or
in any document incorporated herein by reference is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front cover of those documents. 

Risks,
uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be different from those expressed or
implied in our written or oral forward-looking statements may be found in this Report under Item 1A. - Risk Factors. 

Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We assume no
obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting
forward-looking information, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws. If we do update one or more forward-looking
statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements.
New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which factors will arise. In addition, we cannot assess
the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ
materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. We qualify all of the information presented in this Report particularly
our forward-looking statements, by these cautionary statements. 

1 

Summary
Risk Factors 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our common stock. Set forth below
is a summary of the principal risks we face: 

In
 our oil and gas operations, we have incurred losses since inception, we may continue to incur losses and negative cash flows in the
 future. 

Conflicts
 of interest may arise, including rights granted to our Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman under their Employment Agreements,
 the Company s involvement in a new oil and gas drilling fund we sponsored, and other ventures our management and directors
 are or may become involved with separate from the Company. 

We
 have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to forecast our future results, making any investment in us highly speculative. 

We
 may be required to record significant non-cash impairment charges related to a reduction in the carrying value of our proved oil
 and gas properties. 

Our
 future cash flows and results of operations, are highly dependent on our ability to efficiently develop our current oil reserves
 and economically find or acquire additional recoverable reserves, as well as the prices of oil and gas which are subject to volatility. 

Future
 approval by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC of its climate change rules and continued focus on environmental,
 social and governance ESG regulation and sustainability initiatives, which would have the effect of reducing demand
 for fossil fuels and negatively impact our operating results, stock price and ability to access capital markets. 

Potential
 impairment of intangible assets consisting of oil and gas reserves arising from our acquisition of White River Holdings Corp White
 River Holdings in July 2022, which could adversely impact our stock price. 

We
 are focused exclusively on oil and gas operations with our initial portfolio located in only two states, and the lack of diversification
 exposes us and our investors to risk. 

We
 face intense competition in the energy industry, much of which comes from larger competitors with longer operating histories, greater
 access to capital and human resources and vertically integrated operations, as well as smaller market participants which can more
 easily adjust to market conditions and trends. 

We
 face risks related to our need for adequate insurance coverage and the possibility for uninsured or underinsured losses. 

Because
 of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, high inflation and increased Federal Reserve interest rates in response as well as the banking
 crisis, we may have to deal with a recessionary economy which will reduce demand for our product. 

Our
 future success depends on our ability to retain and attract high-quality personnel, and the efforts, abilities and continued service
 of our senior management. 

We
 may struggle to manage our growth effectively, and as a result our business may be harmed. 

Part
 of our business plan presently closing our acquisition of a broker-dealer to allow us to engage in fundraising efforts using multiple
 oil and gas funds over the next 10 years, and we may face challenges in this endeavor, including the high expenses and uncertainty
 in the acquisition process, exposure to liability through the acquired business, and regulatory burdens and related costs of compliance. 

Certain
 of our activities or holdings, directly or through subsidiaries and other entities with which we do business, may subject us to federal
 or state regulation relating to investment companies and investment advisers. 

Our
 common stock is currently a penny stock which trades on a limited basis on OTCQB, and due to factors beyond our control
 our stock price may be volatile. 

Trading
 in our common stock is limited, and future sales of our common stock may depress our stock price. 

Future
 issuances of our common stock, which we may effect to raise capital or for other reasons, would likely dilute the interests of our
 existing stockholders or have other adverse consequences. 

2 

Description
of Business 

White
River is a holding company which operates in oil and gas exploration, drilling and production through White River Holdings and our management
of White River E P 1 LP, referred to elsewhere in this Report as the Fund , which is consolidated by the Company as the Company s subsidiary is the general partner of the Fund. Through its wholly-owned
operating subsidiary, White River Holdings, the Company is engaged in oil and gas exploration, production, and drilling operations on
approximately 30,000 cumulative acres of active mineral leases in Louisiana and Mississippi. 

Prior
History 

In
March 2020, the Company acquired the oil and gas exploration operations of White River Holdings and Shamrock Upstream Energy LLC Shamrock from third-parties (including related parties) and simultaneously sold those assets along with other oil and gas assets they held related
to transportation services and equipment to Ecoark; on July 25, 2022, the Company re-acquired White River Holdings as Ecoark began to
divest its businesses. The main reasons that the Company sold these entities to Ecoark were (a) Ecoark assumed approximately 12,000,000
in debt; (b) Ecoark had better access to capital to properly fund the operations of the entities they acquired including the ability
to uplist to The Nasdaq Capital Market and it insisted upon acquiring the oil and gas exploration business; and (c) the Company then
lacked the technical expertise to operate the oil and gas exploration business. The Company received 1,789,041 shares of Ecoark common
stock (post-split) of which it retained 200,000 shares and transferred the remaining shares to the various selling stockholders of White
River Holdings (the Company s current senior officers) and Shamrock. These 200,000 shares were sold prior to the July 25, 2022
acquisition of Holdings. The Company s current Chief Executive Officer was also the former Chief Executive Officer as of the March
2020 transactions, He resigned on July 31, 2020 to become an officer of Ecoark before rejoining the Company as Chief Executive Officer
on July 25, 2022. 

As
of March 2020, there was only nominal operations in the oil and exploration entities. White River Holdings and Shamrock had acquired
oil and gas property leases along with approximately 12,000,000 in both non-related party and related party debt. The leases acquired
had economic value; however significant drilling operations had not yet commenced due to the lack of capital that Ecoark was able to
subsequently raise. 

Beginning
in March 2021, the Company formed an online sporting goods company Norr, and was developing a business plan for the commencement of operations
as a retail distributor of cannabis products in California, before it divested those subsidiaries in September 2022. The financial statements
contained in this Report do not reflect our former businesses, and instead only reflect our oil and gas exploration and drilling operations
business through White River Holdings. Set forth below is an overview of our current and planned operations. 

3 

White
River Holdings Acquisition 

On
July 25, 2022, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Ecoark and White River pursuant to which the Company acquired
White River Holdings from Ecoark and in exchange issued Ecoark 1,200 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A of White River. The Series A is convertible into 42,254,521 shares of common stock. The
transaction was treated as a reverse merger for accounting purposes with White River Holdings being the accounting acquirer. Ecoark funded
the Company with 3 million at the time of the reverse merger. 

Following
the reverse merger and the subsequent divestment of our non-oil and gas business in September 2022, our operations consist of generating
revenue through oil and gas exploration, production and drilling. Through White River Holdings, the Company is now engaged in oil and
gas exploration, production, and drilling operations on approximately 30,000 cumulative acres of active mineral leases in Louisiana and
Mississippi. The Company has focused its efforts on expanding its exploration and production footprint and capabilities by acquiring
oil and gas leases, working interests in oil and gas mineral leases, and related assets. We may also expand our energy asset portfolio
or engage in other energy-related strategic transactions as they arise, provided we have sufficient capital and market and regulatory
conditions otherwise enable favorable to such transactions. Such transactions may serve a number of business objectives, including by
seeking to expand our product and service offerings and/or to increase our geographic footprint. 

Prior
to our acquisition of White River Holdings, our sole officer and director was the son-in-law of Ecoark s Chief Executive Officer.
The Company acquired White River Holdings because, prior to the acquisition, the Company was in a very early stage with two development
stage businesses, one of which is subject to extensive regulation at the state level. That regulation led to delay. Because of these
issues and the impact that negative covenants in Ecoark s Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock were having on Ecoark s
ability to operate the business of White River Holdings, Ecoark obtained legal advice that if we created a series of non-voting convertible
preferred stock, Ecoark could engage in a reverse merger and avoid having the negative covenants affect the reverse merger target (namely
White River). It could then spin-off the underlying common stock to Ecoark s stockholders. Given the Company s business issues,
acquiring White River Holdings offered the best potential value for our stockholders. We believed that such an acquisition would permit
the Company to be an oil and gas company, and thereby operate a revenue-generating business with a better opportunity to uplist to a
national securities exchange without many of the obstacles the Company then faced as a development stage company. 

Our
Oil and Gas Operations 

Through
its wholly-owned operating subsidiary, White River Holdings, the Company is engaged in oil and gas exploration, production, and drilling
operations on approximately 30,000 cumulative acres of active mineral leases in Louisiana and Mississippi. This subsidiary is engaged
in oil and natural gas development, production, acquisition, and exploration activities principally in the above-referenced states. We
may also expand our energy asset portfolio or engage in other energy-related strategic transactions as they arise, provided we have sufficient
capital and market and regulatory conditions otherwise enable favorable to such transactions. Such transactions may serve a number of
business objectives, including by seeking to expand our product and service offerings and/or to increase our geographic footprint. 

4 

Using
a vertically-integrated business model, we plan to proceed with consistent, timely and efficient execution of our drilling campaigns,
work programs and operations, while maintaining a substantial degree of operational control over our properties. We endeavor to execute
our operations in a safe and environmentally responsible manner, and to continuously seek ways to reduce our operating cash costs on
a per barrel basis. Our exploration and drilling initiatives are primarily conducted in-house, with the principal exceptions being (i)
wire line services to obtain exploratory data, (ii) concrete procurement and installation at well sites, (iii) seismic and geophysical
services, and (iv) funding and participation rights provided to third parties. 

Our
White River business is focused on developing and commercializing these holdings and transactions to produce and sell revenue-generating
energy resources, particularly oil. Our exploration and drilling operations are principally focused on sand formations rather than shale
formations, as the latter are very deep and involve horizontal drilling complexities that sand formations do not. One major advantage
of our focus on sand formation is that the wells can be drilled vertically as opposed to the shale wells which are usually lateral. Examples
of sand formations the Company operates on through White River Holdings are the Frio Formation of the Texas Gulf Coast Basin which is
partially located in Louisiana and Mississippi and has a depth of 3,000 feet, and the Wilcox Formation in Louisiana, which has a depth
of 9,000 feet. The Company also has oil and gas mineral leases covering deep levels below the aforementioned sand formations including,
but not limited to, the Austin Chalk and Tuscaloosa Marine Shale formations. 

The
Company has continuous drilling requirements to drill or re-complete a well on its 9,615 Peabody Blackhawk lease every 270 days to
keep the lease active. The Company drilled and logged a well in November 2022 on this oil and gas mineral lease and extended the
lease to at least August 2023. White River is currently planning to permit a drilling project to commence in August 2023. In a prior
reporting period in February 2022, our Executive Chairman self-funded White River s drilling obligation to allow the Company to extend this lease. See Item 1A.
- Risk Factors. 

Key
Developments 

The
Company has continued to grow its oil and gas exploration and drilling, energy transportation business and achieved or experienced the
following key developments: 

As
of June 15, 2023, the Company has 12 productive wells in operation. 

In
January 2023, the Company entered into five separate Participation Agreements with investors, pursuant to which the parties paid
 300,000 for drilling one or more wells on the Company s mineral lease located in Rankin County, Mississippi at a cost of
 50,000 per unit to receive (A) a 1.0412490 working interest and (B) a 0.7809370 net revenue interest in such wells. 

On
December 5, 2022, White River Operating LLC (the Operator ), the Company, and Ault Energy, LLC Ault Energy entered into a Participation Agreement, pursuant to which, the parties agreed to the following: (i) Ault Energy agreed to pay the Company
an initial amount of 1,567,632.00 for drilling one or more wells on the Company s mineral lease located in Concordia Parish, Louisiana
in exchange for (A) a 37.5 working interest and (B) a 27 net revenue interest in all such wells. In the event the test well on the
lease is determined to be economically viable, Ault Energy agreed to pay the Company an additional 595,972.45 in costs to complete and
produce the test well. Under the Agreement, Ault Energy also agreed to participate in the drilling of the initial test well, and each
party may also drill a substitute well if the test well is abandoned prior to reaching the agreed upon depth. Further, for any well drilled
after the initial test well and substitute well referenced in the preceding sentence, Ault agreed to the same cost sharing arrangements
as provided for the initial test well. The well commenced drilling in November 2022 and reached terminal depths in early January 2023.
The well has undergone completion procedures and is expected to begin oil production in our second quarter ending September 30, 2023. 

5 

On
March 22, 2023, Operator, the Company, and Ault Energy entered into a Participation Agreement, pursuant to which, the parties agreed
to the following: Ault Energy agreed to pay the Company 960,385 for drilling one or more wells on the Company s mineral lease
located in Rankin County, Mississippi in exchange for a 20.0 working interest and a 15.0 net revenue interest in all such wells. Under
the Agreement, Ault Energy also agreed to participate in the drilling of the initial test well, and each party may also drill a substitute
well if the test well is abandoned prior to reaching the agreed upon depth. Further, for any well drilled after the initial test well
and substitute well referenced in the preceding sentence, Ault agreed to the same cost sharing arrangements as provided for the initial
test well. The well commenced drilling during the 4th week of March 2023, and is expected to reach terminal depths and be logged by
the end of July 2023. 

We
entered into an agreement with Ecoark and an Ault subsidiary dated March 29, 2023 under which the parties agreed we were owed 3.25 million
and Ecoark agreed to pay us up to 3.25 million in exchange for the Ault subsidiary agreeing to the redemption of shares of its preferred
stock of Ecoark. See Item 13. - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence for more information.
Through June 15, 2023, the Company has received 1,840,000 from Ecoark under this agreement. The 1,840,000 in receipts
has fully satisfied Ault Energy s obligation for the above-mentioned 1,567,632 obligation for drilling costs for the project on
the Company s mineral lease located in Concordia Parish, Louisiana. The remaining 272,368 of the 1,840,000 in receipts from
Ecoark has partially satisfied Ault Energy s 595,972.45 completion costs related to the aforementioned drilling project in Concordia
Parish, Louisiana. Ault Energy still has 1,410,000 in obligations related to various drilling projects which will be satisfied by
the remainder of the 3.25 million instrument from Ecoark. 

On
November 22, 2022, the Company entered into two Participation Agreements (each, an Agreement with White River E P
1 LP, referred to elsewhere in this Report as the Fund , which is consolidated by the Company as the Company s subsidiary is the general partner of the Fund, whereby the parties agreed to the following: (i)
under the first Agreement, the Fund agreed to pay the Company an initial amount of 1,408,000 for drilling one or more wells on the Company s
mineral lease located in Rankin County, Mississippi in exchange for (A) a 50 working interest and (B) a 32.5 net revenue interest in
all such wells (the Mississippi Agreement and (ii) under the second Agreement, the Fund agreed to pay the Company an
initial amount of 1,567,632 for drilling one or more wells on the Company s mineral lease located in Concordia Parish, Louisiana
in exchange for (A) a 37.5 working interest and (B) a 27 net revenue interest in all such wells (the Louisiana Agreement ).
In addition, under the Louisiana Agreement, in the event the test well on the lease is determined to be economically viable, the Fund
agreed to pay the Company an additional 595,972.45 in costs to complete and produce the test well, while the Mississippi Agreement requires
an additional 992,963.27 in costs to complete and produce that test well. The Louisiana well commenced drilling in mid-November 2022,
reached terminal depths in December 2022 and was logged in January 2023. The logging of the Louisiana well showed significant oil in
the Frio formation, so the well began completion procedures in late January 2023 / early February 2023 and is expected to begin producing
oil in July 2023. The Mississippi well commenced drilling during the 4th week of March 2023, and is expected to reach terminal depths
and be logged by the end of July 2023. 

6 

In
October 2022, the Company through White River Operating LLC WR Ops and Ault Energy, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ault,
successfully completed drilling a 9,531 foot well, the Harry O Neal 20-9 No. 1 (the O Neal No. 1 Well ), on
White River s oil and gas mineral lease in Holmes County, Mississippi. Initial production results indicated higher than estimated
production. Through an exercise of its participation right, Ault Energy executed a participation agreement for a 40 working interest
in the O Neal No. 1 well. 

In
October 2022, WR Ops borrowed 1,500,000 from and issued a Secured Promissory Note to Align Business Finance, LLC in the principal amount
of 1,500,000, and used the proceeds to acquire two oil and gas drilling rigs and related equipment. In December 2022, this note was
repaid in full. 

White
River s most recent drilling project was a 13,500 deep vertical oil well in the Wilcox, Austin Chalk, and Tuscaloosa Marine
Shale formations in the Coochie Oil Field in Concordia Parish, LA. White River s next planning drilling project is to drill three
consecutive deep vertical drilling projects at approximately 13,000 in the Rodessa and Hosston sand formations on the Pisgah Field
Lease in Rankin County, MS. 

In
September 2022, WR Ops completed a workover project as the operator of record on the Deshotel 24H 001 Well Deshotel Well in the Bayou Jack North Field in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana. The Deshotel Well was originally drilled and completed by WR Ops in early
2021 as an open-hole lateral Austin Chalk oil and gas well. Production had been inhibited on the Deshotel Well due to a build-up of paraffin
in the well s vertical casing and tubing. White River performed a workover procedure on the Deshotel Well, which involved a heavy
water flush into the wellbore to remove a substantial paraffin blockage and also installed artificial lift to increase the production
rate. The initial results of the workover procedure greatly exceeded expectations with over a 500 increase in current production rates
being realized at the Deshotel Well. As the well has returned online and production has stabilized, it has averaged approximately 46
barrels per day for the 12 months ended March 31, 2023. 

In
August 2022, in connection with drilling efforts on the O Neal No. 1 Well, White River Holdings purchased two additional drilling
rigs, comprised of an additional MD Cowan Super Single drilling rig and an APEX PK drilling rig, for a total purchase price of 1,800,000.
The addition of two more drilling rigs to our equipment portfolio resulted in White River owning three drilling rigs and three workover
rigs, thereby enhancing the Company s in-house drilling capabilities for projects on up to 30,000 horizontally in formations
on our leases, including the Austin Chalk and Tuscaloosa Marine Shale. 

7 

On
March 4, 2022, White River successfully completed the drilling of an oil project on its 9,615 acre oil and gas mineral lease in the Blackhawk
oil field in Concordia Parish, Louisiana on March 4, 2022. White River led the drilling effort in close partnership with a local energy
services provider. The completed well was logged March 5, 2022 and had significant shows in the three different zones in the Frio sand
formation. 

In
April 2022, White River Holdings purchased an MD Cowan Super Single drilling rig for 351,813 to add to its three workover rigs it owns.
This purchase is expected to enable White River to drill its own vertical wells at both shallow and deep levels. This purchase, together
with the recent financing described below, is expected to facilitate the expansion of the Company s drilling program. 

The
Fund 

White
River has formed the Fund which will consist of private external general and limited partners consisting of retail accredited and
institutional investors who have or will advance proceeds to the fund in exchange for partnership interests therein. Our
subsidiary s Fund Manager is the managing General Partner of the Fund. The Fund is currently offering up to 2,000 units of
partnership interest at a price per unit of 25,000 with a minimum investment of one unit or 25,000 through a 42 month closed-end
fund structure. The Fund is expected to close to new investors at the earlier of September 30, 2023 or the sale of all 2,000
units . As of June 23, 2023, the Fund has raised 3,250,000. Mr. Randy May, our Executive Chairman and Mr. Jason Puchir, our
Chief Executive Officer are also serving in the roles as Co-Fund Managers of the Fund Manager. Proceeds of the Fund will be used in
drilling White River drilling projects whereby White River will retain a 25 promoted working interest in all drilling projects
participated in by the Fund, and the Fund Manager will receive a 10 carried working interest at the successful closure of the Fund
and a 1 annual management fee calculated based on the average assets under management each quarter and paid pro rata on a quarterly
basis on the last day of each quarter. The Fund Manager will use the proceeds from the annual management fee to pay for various
service functions such as legal, external audit, tax, and fund administration. 

White
River has made a commitment to acquire the partnership interest of all investor partners in the Fund at 42 months after termination of
the offering which will not be later than March 31, 2027 at the PV20 valuation generated by an independent valuation firm subject to
the cash availability of White River. 

The
Fund s investment and business strategy envisions leveraging the Company s leases, equipment and employees in conjunction
with the Company s intention of drilling 100 wells, or potentially more, over the next five years, by investing in drilling projects
owned and operated by the Company over its five year term. Under this arrangement, the Company will sell to the Fund up to 75 of the
interests, which may include potential cash flows and/or working interests, in each such drilling project. With such sales, the Company
will grant the Fund a right of first refusal with respect to funding any such projects. The projects to which the Fund s investments
will relate are expected to primarily consist of horizontal/deep oil drilling projects, refracturing oil projects, vertical/shallow oil
drilling projects and purchases of existing production which may include wells drilled by the Company or its affiliates, independently
or in participation with third party oil and gas companies. However, the aforementioned drilling projects are anticipated to be originally
owned and operated by the Company. In such arrangements, the Fund will own direct working interests in oil and gas drilling projects
and purchases of existing production. Assuming sufficient capital is raised, the Fund will seek to participate in approximately 20 drilling
projects, 10 re-fracking projects, and purchases of existing oil production over the next five years, although the Fund is not precluded
from participating in a greater number of projects or in different types of projects, or from engaging, investing or cooperating in oil
and gas drilling activities of other third parties in the oil and gas industry not involving the Company. The Company plans to launch
a second drilling fund and begin seeking investors on or about October 1, 2023. Any drilling projects in the first Fund that were not able to be
performed due to insufficient capital raised will be allocated to the new fund. 

8 

While
the Company anticipates collaborating with the Fund in pursuing oil and gas ventures that are mutually beneficial to both entities, conflicts
of interest may arise. See Item 1A. - Risk Factors below for more information. The Company has no equity ownership of the
Fund but expects to provide drilling services for a fee and receive management fees. 

Oil
Gas Portfolio and Acquisitions 

The
following is an overview of our oil and gas properties portfolio: 

Louisiana
properties 

- 
 Coochie
 Oil Field 

- 
 Five
 Mile Bayou Oil Field 

- 
 Lake
 Ophelia Oil Field 

- 
 Lake
 St John Oil Field 

- 
 North
 Bayou Jack Oil Field 

- 
 Tew
 Lake Oil Field 

Mississippi
properties: 

- 
 Henry
 Oil Field 

- 
 Horseshoe
 Lake Oil Field 

- 
 Pearl
 River Oil Field 

- 
 Thanksgiving
 Oil Field 

Competition 

The
Company faces intense competition in the oil and gas industry, as we are producing and selling crude oil as a commodity so we compete
against all producers including individual well owners through the major global and national oil companies. Many of these competitors
possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do and our financial resources are relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. 

9 

Government
Regulations 

Set
forth below is an overview of the government regulations we presently face or could face as a result of our current and planned operations.
As the regulatory and legal environment evolves, we may become subject to new laws, such as further regulation by the SEC and other agencies,
which may affect our mining and other activities. For additional discussion regarding our belief about the potential risks existing and
future regulation pose to our business, see Item 1A. - Risk Factors. 

Oil
and Gas 

Oil
and gas production is regulated under a wide range of federal and state statutes, rules, orders and regulations. State and federal statutes
and regulations require permits for drilling operations, drilling bonds and reports concerning operations. The states in which we operate,
Louisiana and Mississippi, have regulations governing conservation matters, including provisions for the unitization or pooling of oil
and gas properties, the establishment of maximum rates of production from oil and gas wells, the regulation of spacing, and requirements
for plugging and abandonment of wells. Also, states in our territory impose a severance tax on production and sales of oil, and gas within
its jurisdiction. Failure to comply with these rules and regulations can result in substantial penalties. Our competitors in the oil
and gas industry are subject to the same regulatory requirements and restrictions that affect our operations. But large companies have
sufficient human capital as well as financial resources to deal with regulation in contrast to White River. 

Our
exploration and production activities are subject to a variety of rules and regulations concerning drilling permits, location, spacing
and density of wells, water discharge and disposal, prevention of waste, bonding requirements, surface use and restoration, public health
and environmental protection and well plugging and abandonment. In addition, our operations must comply with rules governing the size
of drilling and spacing units or proration units and the unitization or pooling of lands and leases. Some states allow the forced pooling
or integration of tracts to facilitate exploration while other states rely primarily or exclusively on voluntary pooling of lands and
leases. In states where pooling is primarily or exclusively voluntary, it may be more difficult to form units and therefore to drill
and develop our leases in circumstances where we do not own all of the leases in the proposed unit. These risks also exist in other states
that have imposed limits on forced pooling. State laws may also prohibit or limit the venting or flaring of natural gas, which may impact
rates of production of crude oil and natural gas from our wells. Leases covering state or federal lands often include additional laws,
regulations and conditions which can limit the location, timing and number of wells we can drill and impose other requirements on our
operations, all of which can increase our costs. The Company, however, only had an insignificant amount of oil and gas mineral leases
on federal land owned by the Bureau of Land Management. 

Federal
regulation of oil and gas is also extensive. The recent spike in gasoline and other fuel costs is at least in part been driven by the
Biden Administration s efforts to reduce oil drilling and transition away from fossil fuels. 

10 

Since
he took office in January 2021, President Biden has signed a series of executive orders seeking to adopt new regulations to address climate
change and to suspend, revise, or rescind certain prior agency actions which were part of the Trump Administration s de-regulatory
push, including oil drilling. In addition, legislation has been enacted which provides incentives for green energy initiatives. The Biden
Administration is expected to continue to aggressively seek to regulate the energy industry and has stated its goal to eliminate fossil
fuels. The previous executive orders include, among other things, orders requiring a review of current federal lands leasing and permitting
practices, as well as a temporary halt of new leasing of federal lands and offshore waters available for oil and gas exploration, directing
federal agencies to eliminate subsidies for fossil fuels, and to develop a plan to improve climate-related disclosures. Federal agencies
including the Environmental Protection Agency EPA and the SEC have followed suit in pushing ahead with new regulations
which will adversely affect our future business, as more particularly described below. 

In
January 2021, President Biden also issued an executive order calling for methane emissions regulations to be reviewed and for the EPA to establish new standards by September 2021. This resulted in the EPA finalizing what it refers
to as the most ambitious federal greenhouse gas emissions standards for passenger cars and light trucks ever in December
2021. The EPA has also adopted regulations under existing provisions of the Clean Air Act that, among other things, establish Prevention
of Significant Deterioration (the PSD ), construction and Title V operating permit reviews for certain large stationary
sources. Facilities required to obtain PSD permits for their greenhouse gas emissions also will be required to meet best available
control technology standards that will be established on a case-by-case basis. The EPA also has adopted rules requiring the monitoring
and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from specified onshore and offshore natural gas and oil production sources in the United States
on an annual basis, which include certain of our operations. 

In
November 2021, the EPA released new proposed methane rules which would impose regulations on methane release at existing wells nationwide,
although methane primarily affects gas production rather than oil which is our focus. These new rules, among other things, would implement
a comprehensive monitoring program to require companies to find and fix leaks. Additionally, the new rules would require well operators
to place gas that is produced in a pipeline to be sold when possible to prevent wasting the gas, which could force us or well operators
on which we rely to sell the gas at lower prices and thereby reduce our revenues. As with most regulations, smaller participants like
us will face more burdens due to the compliance and other costs and the limited revenue to absorb such costs. The EPA is expected to
issue a supplemental proposal in 2022 in the hopes of identifying additional regulatory means of reducing methane and other emissions,
and has indicated an intention to adopt final rules before the end of calendar year 2022. In November 2022, the EPA announced it intends
to strengthen its proposed methane standards and cut methane and other harmful air pollution. 

While
a June 2022 U.S. Supreme Court case imposed limitations on the EPA s authority under the Clean Air Act, including by holding that
the EPA s attempted energy generation shifting entailed an overly broad interpretation of the statute s delegation of authority,
if the EPA adopts the above or other regulations and such regulations are held to be valid, the resulting new regulatory framework could
impose additional restrictions and costs on our operations which could materially adversely affect our business. The regulations at issue
in the recent case pertained to an attempt to shift a portion of U.S. energy production from coal to natural gas by an enumerated percentage
by 2030. In February 2022, a federal judge blocked a Biden Administration executive order which used the social cost of carbon. 
The Interior Department responded by suspending permits for oil and gas drilling, which suspension was lifted in April 2022. 

11 

On April 12, 2023, the EPA announced new, more ambitious
proposed standards to further reduce harmful air pollutant emissions from light-duty and medium-duty vehicles starting with model year
2027. The proposal builds upon the EPA s final standards for federal greenhouse gas emissions standards for passenger cars and light
trucks for model years 2023 through 2026 and is intended to leverage advances in clean car technology to reduce climate pollution and
fuel and maintenance costs. The proposed standards would phase in over model years 2027 through 2032. 

Although
Congress from time-to-time has considered legislation to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases, there has not been significant activity
in the form of adopted legislation to reduce greenhouse gas emissions at the federal level in recent years. In the absence of such federal
climate legislation, a number of states, including states in which we operate, have enacted or passed measures to track and reduce emissions
of greenhouse gases, primarily through the planned development of greenhouse gas emission inventories and regional greenhouse gas cap-and-trade
programs. Most of these cap-and-trade programs require major sources of emissions or major producers of fuels to acquire and surrender
emission allowances, with the number of allowances available for purchase reduced each year until the overall greenhouse gas emission
reduction goal is achieved. These reductions may cause the cost of allowances to escalate significantly over time. 

Additionally,
the United States re-joined, effective February 19, 2021, the non-binding international treaty to reduce global greenhouse gas emissions
(the Paris Agreement ), adopted by over 190 countries in December 2015. The Paris Agreement entered into force in November
2016 after more than 70 nations, including the United States, ratified or otherwise indicated their intent to be bound by the agreement.
The United States had previously withdrawn from the Paris Agreement effective November 4, 2020. Following the United States re-joining
the Paris Agreement, President Biden announced in April 2021 the United States pledge to achieve an approximately 50 reduction
from 2005 levels in economy-wide net greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. To the extent that the United States implements
this agreement or imposes other climate change regulations on the oil and natural gas industry, or that investors insist on compliance
regardless of legal requirements, it could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and future growth. 

Environmental
Compliance 

Our
oil and gas operations through White River Holdings are or may become subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to environmental
protection and climate change. These laws and regulations change frequently, and the effect of these changes is often to impose additional
costs or other restrictions on our operations. We cannot predict the occurrence, timing, nature or effect of these changes. We also operate
under a number of environmental permits and authorizations. The issuing agencies may take the position that some or all of these permits
and authorizations are subject to modification, suspension, or revocation under certain circumstances, but any such action would have
to comply with applicable procedures and requirements. 

While
we are currently not experiencing any material expenses related to the environmental compliance, we may become subject to requirements
of environmental or other related laws and regulations in the future, which may result from a number of causes. See Item 1A. Risk
Factors and the paragraph that follows with regard to potential environmental and other compliance expenses. 

12 

On
March 21, 2022, the SEC released proposed rule changes on climate-related disclosure. The proposed rule changes would require registrants
including the Company to include certain climate-related disclosures in registration statements and periodic reports, including information
about climate-related risks that are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the registrant s business, results of operations,
or financial condition, and certain climate-related financial statement metrics in a note to their audited financial statements. The
required information about climate-related risks also would include disclosure of a registrant s greenhouse gas emissions, information
about climate-related targets and goals, and transition plan, if any, and requires extensive attestation requirements. The proposed new
rules would also require companies to disclose multiple levels of climate impact, including primary direct impacts from the registrant s
own operations, as well as secondary and tertiary effects of the operations and uses by contractors that the registrant utilizes and
end-users of the registrant s products and/or services. If adopted as proposed, the rule changes will result in material additional
compliance and reporting costs, including monitoring, collecting, analyzing and reporting the new metrics and implementing systems and
procuring additional internal and external personnel with the requisite skills and expertise to serve those functions. We expect that
the rules will be adopted in large part at least in this year, and our compliance costs will be material. However, following a June 2022
U.S. Supreme Court administrative law decision, we expect a court challenge to any climate change SEC Rule. We cannot predict the outcome
of any challenge. 

Seasonality 

Our
business experiences a certain level of seasonality due to our oil and gas exploration and production business, including as a result
of demand for oil typically being higher in the Fall and Winter months resulting in higher prices. Due to these seasonal fluctuations,
results of operations for individual quarterly periods may not be indicative of the results that may be realized on an annual basis.
Seasonal weather conditions, including the annual flooding of coastal properties, and lease stipulations can limit drilling and producing
activities. These seasonal anomalies can pose challenges for the drilling objectives and can increase competition for equipment, supplies
and personnel during the spring and summer months, which could lead to shortages and increase costs or delay operations, thus, harming
our operating margins. Also, the volatility of commodities prices and supply chain issues can potentially delay the receipt of critical
parts and equipment needed during drilling projects which can both delay the project and add additional costs to the project. Finally,
Winter storms and lower temperatures resulting in snow and ice adversely impact drilling and production capabilities. 

Dependence
on Major Customers 

From
time-to-time we have had and may continue to have customers generating 10 percent or more of the Company s revenues, and loss of
such customers could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

In
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 FY 2023 ), two customers accounted for 91 of our total revenue and four customers
account for 97 of our accounts receivable. 

13 

In
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 FY 2022 ), three of our customers accounted for 95 of our total revenue and three
customers account for 66 of our accounts receivable. 

In
particular, we frequently rely on Plains Marketing, LP, a leading midstream energy company, for our sales. 

We
expect this trend with respect to customer concentration to continue unless and until we expand our oil and gas drilling activities and
diversify our customer base in terms of amount and geographic region. 

Acquisition
of a Broker-Dealer 

An
element of our business strategy is to acquire an existing broker-dealer which is licensed by the SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority FINRA and also meets applicable state licensure and registration requirements. The purposes of acquiring the
broker-dealer is to enable us to proceed with our plan to open a new oil and gas drilling fund, which began in calendar year 2022 with
the Fund, each year for the next 10 years. Because our and our affiliates activities in raising proceeds and attracting investors
to invest in these funds may be viewed by regulators as engaging in the business of effecting sales of securities for the accounts of
others, we have been advised by counsel to acquire and maintain registration and licensure for a registered and licensed broker-dealer
to ensure these activities are conducted in compliance with the applicable federal and state securities laws and self-regulatory organization
rules. 

We
have entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement to acquire Commenda Securities LLC Commenda ), a small
licensed broker-dealer which is registered with the SEC for 70,000, up to 30,000 in liabilities and up to 20,000 in third party
expenses. The acquisition of the broker-dealer will be subject to approval by FINRA which under the agreement must be obtained by
July 23, 2023, as well as possibly a few states. In February 2023, we filed a change of control application, referred to as a
Continuing Membership Application or CMA, with FINRA in February 2023. In April 2023, we incurred a conflict with our proposed
principal assigned as a control person of the broker-dealer post-acquisition and engaged new principals as control persons of the
broker-dealer acquisition post-acquisition as well as engaged an outside advisory firm experienced in filing CMA applications. We
spoke with FINRA in April 2023 and they approved the change in principals that we proposed. Upon re-filing the CMA application with
the new principals, FINRA extended the CMA application start date to April 25, 2023 which provided the Company with 180 additional
days to complete the acquisition from that date. The Company paid the sellers an additional 20,000 in late May 2023 towards the
acquisition price to further reiterate that the Company is committed to consummating this broker-dealer acquisition. We cannot
assure you FINRA will approve our application and cannot assure you that the terms of the Purchase Agreement with Commenda will be satisfied prior to a potential
termination of the Purchase Agreement. 

We
recently hired two key executives to head our capital raising for the Fund. If we acquire the broker they will be required to be
associated with it; meanwhile unless we make an alternative arrangement with another broker-dealer, they cannot raise capital for
us. See Item 1A. Risk Factors - If we are unable to acquire the broker-dealer, our ability to raise capital for the Fund may
be materially and adversely affected while at the same time we have made significant financial commitments to two new
executives. 

14 

If
we do acquire the broker-dealer, the operation of any such entity is subject to intense regulation. We would need to overcome obstacles
inherent in integration of a newly acquired business generally, as well as specific complications posed in the broker-dealer context.
Among these challenges are: 

differences
 in the information technology infrastructure or friction amongst the personnel of White River and the broker-dealer; 

the
 lack of knowledge and experience of our management team in the broker-dealer industry, and resultant reliance upon an outside consultant
 to the broker-dealer, particularly in the short- and medium-term following the acquisition; and 

laws
 and regulations imposed on the industry and broker-dealer practices by legislatures, governmental agencies such as the SEC and self-regulatory
 organizations such as FINRA which are intense and robust, and the high costs of continued compliance with these requirements. 

With
respect to laws and regulations, we will need to comply with, among others: (i) anti-money laundering and know your customers laws, (ii)
minimum capital, liquidity reserve and corporate structure requirements, (iii) monitoring, reporting and notice requirements with respect
to net capital and other financial metrics, and (iv) cash deposit, best execution, margin lending, and other operational
obligations and restrictions aimed at protecting investors and securities markets. 

See
Item 1A. Risks Factors beginning on page 33 for more information on the challenges and risks involved in the acquisition
and operation of a broker-dealer. 

Human
Capital Resources 

As
of June 15, 2023, we have 49 full-time employees, no part-time employees and 10 independent contractors. The independent contractors
perform oilfield services. 

Our
ability to successfully execute our strategic initiatives is highly dependent on recruiting and retaining skilled personnel. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the following Risk Factors before deciding whether
to invest in the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also
impair our business operations or our financial condition. If any of the events discussed in the Risk Factors below occur, our business,
consolidated financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, the value
and marketability of the common stock could decline. 

15 

Risks
Relating to Our Financial Condition 

Because
we have a limited operating history as a standalone oil and gas company, we cannot predict our future results. 

White
River s oil and gas operations were operated under Ecoark as a portion of a larger public holding company with greater diversification
and access to capital. Given our limited operating history as a standalone entity, it may be difficult to evaluate our future performance
or prospects. You should consider the uncertainties that we may encounter as a company that should still be considered an early-stage
oil and gas company. These uncertainties include: 

the
 effect of the Biden Administrations attempts to eliminate fossil fuels; 

the
 impact from the SEC s climate change rules; 

the
 price of oil; 

our
 ability to protect our oil and gas assets, including complying with mineral leases; 

our
 ability to locate and procure employees, contractors and third party service providers to assist us in our operations; 

our
 ability to adapt to changing market conditions and manage our planned growth effectively; and 

our
 evolving business model. 

If
we are not able to address successfully some or all of these uncertainties, we may not be able to expand our business, compete effectively
or achieve profitability. 

We
have incurred net losses on an annual basis since our inception and may continue to experience losses and negative cash flow in the future. 

We
have not been profitable on an annual basis since inception and have incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flow from
operations particularly after our acquisition of White River Holdings. We recorded a net loss of approximately 43,089,977 and 6,922,753
for FY 2023 and FY 2022, respectively. We may continue to incur losses and experience negative cash flows from operations for the foreseeable
future. If we cannot achieve positive cash flow from operations or net income, we may need to raise additional capital on acceptable
terms. 

16 

Because
we may require additional capital to fund our business objectives and support our growth, our inability to generate and obtain such capital
could harm our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects . 

Over
the past two years, White River Holdings, increased its operating expenses in supporting its business of oil and gas exploration and
drilling and consummating acquisitions of oil and gas properties. Included in our expenses is 150,000 per month in salary to two new executive
officers of our Fund. We intend to continue to make substantial investments to fund our business
and support our growth. Although we recently raised 6,577,816 in a private placement, we may desire to increase our drilling activity
or acquire additional oil and gas properties. In addition, White River E P Management 1 LLC (the Manager ), a subsidiary
of the Company, is seeking to raise capital for the Fund in which the Manager is the managing general partner. In order to reduce dilution,
our plan is to use investments into the Fund to support our drilling activities. However, through June 23, 2023, we
have only raised 3,250,000 of the 50 million offering. See the Risk Factor on page 34 relating to issues with respect to capital
raising for the Fund. 

If
we are unable to obtain adequate financing, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges
could be significantly impaired, and our business may be adversely impacted. In addition, our inability to generate or obtain the financial
resources needed may require us to delay, scale back, or eliminate some or all of our operations and business objectives and sell some
of our assets. 

Further,
if we (as contrasted to the drilling Fund discussed in this Report) raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible
debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity or debt securities we issue could have
rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. 

Our
ability to access capital markets could be limited. 

From
time-to-time, we may need to access capital markets to obtain long-term and short-term financing. However, our ability to access capital
markets could be limited or adversely affected by, among other things, oil and gas prices, interest rates, our asset base, our track
record in the industry, and the health or market perceptions of the drilling and overall oil and gas industry and the global economy.
In addition, many of the factors that affect our ability to access capital markets, including the liquidity of the overall capital markets
in general and the lack of liquidity for our common stock and the state of the economy and/or the oil and gas industry, among others,
are outside of our control. There have also been efforts in recent years aimed at the investment community, including leading investment
advisors, sovereign wealth funds, public pension funds, universities and other groups, promoting the divestment of fossil fuel equities
as well as pressuring lenders and other financial services companies to limit or curtail activities with companies engaged in the extraction
of fossil fuel reserves, which, if successful, could limit our ability to access capital markets. No assurance can be given that we will
be able to access capital markets on terms acceptable to us when required to do so, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

17 

Since
the Company s Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are involved in other oil and gas ventures, and received certain interests
and rights in our oil and gas drilling and production efforts pursuant to their Employment Agreements, conflicts of interest may arise. 

Each
of Randy May, the Company s Executive Chairman, and Jay Puchir, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, are involved with
the Fund in which they are the managers of a Company subsidiary, which is the managing general partner of the Fund. The Company will
act as the driller for the Fund and expects to receive management fees. While the Company s management believes working with the
Fund will benefit the Company, the Company and the Fund may compete with each other in drilling opportunities which creates a conflict
of interest. To the extent that we have capital available to invest in drilling for our own account and the Fund participates either
with us, or separately, to the extent that a well is successful, this conflict can adversely affect us. At the same time, we benefit
if the well is not successful. 

Additionally,
pursuant to their respective Employment Agreements, each of Messrs. May and Puchir were granted a 5 overriding royalty interest or
carried working interest (either, the ORRI from the Company and its subsidiaries in any and all successfully drilled
and completed oil and/or gas wells, as well as participation right of 15 and 10 , respectively, in the funding and ownership
interest in any drilling or participation by the Company or any subsidiary in the drilling by a third party of an oil and gas well,
which does not include the Fund but will include any other investment funds the Company sponsors. As of the date of the filing of
this Report, Messrs. May and Puchir have not exercised their participation rights in any of the Company s drilling projects. The initial terms of their Employment
Agreements are five years, subject in each case to renewal. While these arrangements are intended to directly align these
officers incentives with the Company s oil and gas exploration, drilling and production efforts by compensating them
for the success of such ventures, they also directly divert any revenue generated by these ventures to these officers and away from
the Company, which may be adverse to the Company and its stockholders. For example, a well that could have been profitable, or our
operations as a whole, may not be profitable where it otherwise would have been as a result of the ORRI or the election of
participation rights. Messrs. May and Puchir also have personal oil and gas investments which may also compete with the Company.
These conflicts of interest may adversely affect our operations and financial condition, divert management s time and
attention away from running our primary business and result in our management to providing business opportunities to the Fund
instead of the Company, any of which could materially adversely affect us. 

Further,
because each of Messrs. May and Puchir are also executive officers of Ecoark, they divert their limited time and attention to both entities
and their respective businesses, and as a result conflicts of interest may arise that could be materially adverse to us. 

Any
of these or other endeavors that those involved in our operations chooses to pursue could materially harm our operations and ability
to execute our business plan. 

Because
we have agreed with the Fund that we will redeem the investments of its partners no later than March 31, 2027, we may not have the capital
to meet this obligation. 

In
order to attract investors to the Fund, we agreed to redeem the investments of its partners (other than our subsidiary which is the managing
general partner) 42 months after it terminates its offering or no later than March 31, 2027. As of the date of this Report. The Fund
has raised 3,250,000. The redemption will be based upon a 20 discount to an industry formula. 

We
plan to launch a second limited partnership on or about October 1, 2023 and seek to raise up to 200 million with similar terms and conditions including
redemption. We are hopeful that we receive approval to acquire the broker-dealer and that will assist us in raising substantially more
money for the Fund and the second limited partnership. See Risk Factor at page 34. 

18 

We
cannot predict what our financial condition or oil and drilling business will be on the redemption date(s), including whether we will
have sufficient cash to meet our obligations. Because we have committed to the redemptions, we are subject to the further risk that after
making such payments, we will be unable to fund our ongoing operations or other capital commitments. While management intends to monitor
our financial condition with a view to maintaining sufficient cash available for the redemption, no assurance can be given that we will
be successful in obtaining and reserving the necessary capital from operational sources of revenue such as oil and gas drilling and production.
In such an event, we would be forced to raise capital from one or more debt or equity financings to enable us to make the redemption
payments, which financings could be extremely dilutive, require us to pay high interest rates, dividends or other unfavorable financial
terms, impose substantial restrictions on our operations or corporate governance, and contain other terms that are adverse to us and/or
our other investors. If we fail to meet our redemption obligation, we may cease operations. 

Because
we have not entered into a Transition Services Agreement with Ecoark, we may encounter certain risks which could result in damages to
us. 

Often
in spin-offs, the company distributing the dividend or the parent and the company being spun-off enter into a Transition Services Agreement
outlining the rights and responsibilities between the parties and providing for payment to cover services usually rendered by the parent
company. Because we operate independently of Ecoark and have control of all of our assets, we did not think we needed any agreement which
would the parties respective rights and obligations following the Spin-Off. However, if we are incorrect in this conclusion, we
could encounter difficulty in proving our ownership of any assets or face liabilities to third parties for acts committed by Ecoark prior
to the distribution. Once control of Ecoark changes, we may not be able to prove our ownership or we may to defend an asserted liability.
If incur legal fees in seeking to prove title or lose control of any assets or if we are found liable for actions that were predominately
due to Ecoark s actions, we may be required to sue Ecoark since we have no contractual indemnification rights. Any costs or damages
may be material and we cannot assure you we will be able to collect from Ecoark even if we are successful. 

Risks
Relating to Our Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Operations 

We
have significant ongoing capital requirements that could affect our operations if we are unable to generate sufficient cash from operations
or obtain financing on favorable terms. 

The
Company s drilling plan entails extracting oil reserves across its approximately 30,000 acres of shallow and deep drilling
rights. The Company has purchased a deep drilling rig to further vertically integrate its operations. However, with historically
high oil prices, ancillary services related to drilling and producing oil wells have risen significantly. The Company is largely
vertically integrated, since its exploration and drilling activities are primarily conducted in-house except for (i) wire line
services to obtain exploratory data, (ii) concrete procurement and installation at well sites, and (iii) seismic and geophysical
services. 

19 

We
expect to pay for projected capital expenditures related to exploring and drilling additional oil wells with cash flows from operations
or the proceeds from equity sales, including the Company s recent financings. If we were unable to generate sufficient cash from
operations, we would need to seek alternative sources of capital to meet our capital requirements. To the extent that our working capital
is insufficient, we may have to scale back operations including our drilling activity. 

Since
analyzing a well s potential is very risky, our management may make errors in assessing the potential of wells which could lead
to limited revenue. 

In
our efforts to acquire, explore, and drill interests in oil and gas wells, management will assess reports about the recoverable reserves,
future oil and gas prices, operating costs, potential liabilities, and other factors relating to the wells. These assessments are necessarily
inexact, and their accuracy is inherently questionable and uncertain. The review of a subject property in connection with its acquisition
assessment may not reveal all existing or potential problems or permit it to become sufficiently familiar with the property to fully
assess its deficiencies and capabilities. Management and other personnel involved in the process may not inspect every well, and may
not be able to observe structural and environmental problems even if it does inspect a well. If problems are identified, various affiliates,
vendors, contractors, or third parties may be unwilling or unable to provide effective contractual protection against all or part of
those problems. Any acquisition of property interests may not be economically successful, and unsuccessful acquisitions may have a material
adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, and future results of operations. 

Unless
we develop new reserves, reserves we acquire and subsequent production will decline, which would adversely affect our future cash flows
and results of operations. 

Producing
oil reservoirs generally are characterized by declining production rates that vary depending upon reservoir characteristics and other
factors. Unless we conduct successful ongoing exploration and development activities or continually acquire properties containing proven
reserves, our proven reserves will decline as those reserves are produced. Our future reserves and production, and therefore our future
cash flow and results of operations, are highly dependent on our success in efficiently and economically finding or acquiring recoverable
reserves. We may not be able to develop, find or acquire sufficient reserves to replace our current and future production. Further, our
projections about a well s production prospects could prove to be incorrect. If we are unable to replace our current and future
production, the value of our reserves will decrease, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially
and adversely affected. If our estimates provide to be incorrect now or in the future, for some or all of the wells we are exploring
and producing from, it could materially adversely affect our operating results. 

20 

The
loss of any of, or a material reduction in orders from, our largest customers would materially and adversely affect our results of operations
and financial condition. 

Our
oil and gas business is and has been characterized by a high degree of customer concentration and reliance on a very limited number of
customers for our revenue. The loss of any of these customers, particularly Plains Marketing, LP, a leading midstream energy company
which we frequently rely on for our sales, or a material reduction in their purchases from us spending activities generally, would have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Since
our exploration and production operations are subject to stringent environmental, oil and gas-related and occupational safety and health
laws and regulations, noncompliance with such laws and regulations could expose us to material costs and liabilities. 

Our
exploration and production operations are subject to stringent federal, state and local laws and regulations governing, among other things,
the drilling activities, production rates, the size and shape of drilling and spacing units or proration units, the transportation and
sale of crude oil, gas, and the discharging of materials into the environment and environmental protection. These laws and regulations
may limit the amount of oil and gas we can produce or limit the number of wells or the locations where we can drill. 

Further,
we are required to obtain and maintain numerous environmental and oil and gas-related permits, approvals and certificates from various
federal, state and local governmental agencies in connection with our exploration and production operations, and may incur substantial
costs in doing so. If we acquire gas wells we may in the future be charged royalties on gas emissions or required to incur certain capital
expenditures for air pollution control equipment or other air emissions-related issues. Additionally, our operations are subject to a
number of federal and state laws and regulations, including the federal occupational safety and health and comparable state statutes,
aimed at protecting the health and safety of employees. 

Another
significant risk inherent in drilling plans is the need to obtain drilling permits from local, state, federal and other governmental
authorities, as appropriate. Delays in obtaining regulatory approvals and drilling permits, including delays which jeopardize our ability
to realize the potential benefits from leased properties within the applicable lease periods, the failure to obtain a drilling permit
for a well, or the receipt of a permit with unreasonable conditions or costs could have materially adverse effects on our ability to
capitalize on proposed projects. As long as the Biden Administration or a successor Democratic Administration holds the Office of President,
we expect the permitting process on federal lands will be marked by delays and refusals. 

Although
we will use third party contractors to handle delivery of crude oil and by-products, we may be subject to environmental liabilities for
the acts of the contractors arising from the hauling and handling of hazardous materials, air emissions from our vehicles and facilities,
and engine idling and discharge. Our operations involve the risks of environmental damage and hazardous waste disposal, among others.
If we are involved in an accident involving hazardous substances, if there are releases of hazardous substances we transport, if soil
or groundwater contamination is found at our facilities or results from our operations, or if we are found to be in violation of applicable
environmental laws or regulations, we could owe clean-up costs and incur related liabilities, including substantial fines or penalties
or civil and criminal liability, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our business and operating results. 

21 

Failure
to comply with these laws and regulations may subject us to sanctions, including administrative, civil or criminal penalties, remedial
clean-ups or corrective actions, delays in permitting or performance of projects, natural resource damages and other liabilities. In
addition, these laws and regulations may be amended and additional laws and regulations may be adopted in the future with more stringent
legal requirements. 

Our
operations may generate waste that may be subject to the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA and comparable
state statutes. The EPA and various state agencies have limited the approved methods of disposal for certain hazardous and nonhazardous
waste. Furthermore, certain waste generated by natural gas and oil operations that are currently exempt from treatment as hazardous waste
may in the future be designated as hazardous waste and therefore become subject to more rigorous and costly operating and disposal requirements. 

The
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA ), RCRA and analogous state laws impose liability,
without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on specified classes of persons that are considered to have contributed
to the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. These classes of persons include the owner or operator of the disposal
site or sites where the release occurred and companies that disposed or arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances found at
the site. Persons who are or were responsible for releases of hazardous substances under CERCLA may be subject to joint and several liability
for the costs of cleaning up the hazardous substances that have been released into the environment, for damages to natural resources,
and for the costs of certain health studies. It is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for
personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the hazardous substances released into the environment. 

Our
operations also may become subject to the Clean Air Act CAA and comparable state and local requirements. In 1990, Congress
adopted amendments to the CAA containing provisions that have resulted in the gradual imposition of certain pollution control requirements
with respect to air emissions. The EPA and states have developed and continue to develop regulations to implement these requirements.
We are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local and international permitting and registration requirements relating to protection
of the environment. While the Company believes it is in substantial compliance with current applicable environmental laws and regulations
and that continued compliance with existing requirements will not have a material adverse effect on its operations, but it cannot be
certain. 

Legislation,
regulations or government actions related to climate change, greenhouse gas emissions and sustainability initiatives and other ESG 
laws, regulations and government action, could result in increased compliance and operating costs and reduced demand for fossil fuels,
and concern in financial and investment markets over greenhouse gasses and fossil fuel production could adversely affect demand for our
products, limit our access to capital and materially and adversely affect our future operating results. 

22 

As
described under Item 1. - Business-Government Regulations , our operations are regulated extensively at the federal, state
and local levels, and lawmakers and government agencies continue to consider potential new laws and regulations that would regulate or
otherwise affect our industry. Environmental and other governmental laws and regulations have increased the costs to plan, design, drill,
install, operate and abandon oil and natural gas wells. The trend in recent years has been increased scrutiny and regulatory oversight
of the oil and gas industry, including among other things increasingly the proposal of new laws and regulations aimed at reducing or
restricting oil and gas production and use. For example, in a rulemaking notice in mid-November 2022, the EPA announced a new calculation
that would raise the damage estimate referred to as the Social Cost of Carbon of from 51 per metric ton, which had been
the rate for the last several years, to 190 per metric ton by 2022 and as much as 410 by the year 2080. This amount is expected to
guide or influence numerous laws and regulations in the future that are designed to reduce carbon emissions and the harm they cause to
the environment. Under these laws and regulations, we could also be liable for personal injuries, property damage and other damages.
In addition, failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the suspension or termination of our operations and subject
us to administrative, civil and criminal penalties and fines. 

The
adoption and implementation of these and other similar regulations could require us to incur material costs to monitor and report on
greenhouse gas emissions or install new equipment to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases associated with our operations. In addition,
these regulatory initiatives could drive down demand for our products and services in the oil and gas industry by stimulating demand
for alternative forms of energy that do not rely on combustion of fossil fuels that serve as a major source of greenhouse gas emissions,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. This could have
a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 

Because
of the trend to use alternative energy technologies rather than oil and gas, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations . 

Since
our business depends on the level of activity in the oil and natural gas industry, any improvement in or new discoveries of alternative
energy technologies that increase the use of alternative forms of energy and reduce the demand for oil and natural gas could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As the United States and certain other countries transition
to electric vehicles and as certain states in the United States are banning any usage of gas as a fuel, the oil and gas business is adversely
affected. We will be further subject to state regulatory efforts such as California s announced goal of eliminating the sale of
vehicles which use gas by 2035. Automobile manufacturers are beginning to announce that they will only manufacture electric vehicles
in the future. President Biden has also stated that the 2022 retail price rise in the price of gasoline was part of a plan to transition
to electric vehicles. 

As
an example, in August 2022, the California Air Resources Board passed a rule banning the sale of gas vehicles by 2035, requiring 35 
of new passenger vehicles sold by 2026 to be electric or otherwise not using gas with the number rising to 68 by 2030. It has been reported
that more than a dozen states typically follow California which is the largest market for the sale of passenger vehicles. The State of
Washington has enacted a Rule similar to California. California also enacted a law effective July 1, 2022 banning the sale of gas powered
lawn mowers and leaf blowers starting in 2024. Further in late September 2022 the California Air Resources Board banned natural gas heaters
and furnaces by 2030. Very recently, New York State passed a law banning gas stoves and furnaces, with limited exceptions, for all new
buildings less than seven stories by 2026 and taller buildings by 2029. As this and the other trends outlined above are implemented,
the Company could incur material and adverse effects on its results of operations. 

23 

Because
we expect the SEC will adopt most, if not all of its proposed climate change rules, as a small producer, the compliance costs may adversely
affect our future results of operating and financial condition, which effects may be material . 

On
March 21, 2022, the SEC released proposed rule changes that would require new climate-related disclosure in SEC filings, including certain
climate-related metrics and greenhouse gas emissions, information about climate-related targets and goals, transition plans, if any,
and extensive attestation requirements. In addition to requiring filers to quantify and disclose direct emissions data, the new rules
would also require disclosure of climate impact arising from the operations and uses by the filer s business partners and contractors
and end-users of the filer s products and/or services. If adopted as proposed, the rule changes would apply to the Company and
result in us incurring material additional compliance and reporting costs, including monitoring, collecting, analyzing and reporting
the new metrics and implementing systems and procuring additional internal and external personnel with the requisite skills and expertise
to serve those functions. Such costs are likely to adversely affect our future results of operations and financial condition, which may
be material. We expect the rule will be adopted in 2023 and be effective beginning at some point in 2023. We cannot predict the outcome
of litigation which we expect will challenge any new climate change rules. 

If
Congress enacts the proposed price gouging bill, it could have a material adverse effect on our oil and gas operations and the Fund. 

Senator
Elizabeth Warren and others have introduced legislation aimed at rising gasoline and other prices and would empower the Federal Trade
Commission FTC to investigate and penalize companies with unconscionably excessive price increases. The
proposed legislation does not define what this phrase means so it will permit the FTC to define it. While we cannot predict whether the
legislation will pass, the recent election and the apparent Republican control of the House of Representatives may mean the proposed
bill will not be enacted. If it does pass, the FTC will enact Rules although it is possible it may enact an emergency Rule like other
regulatory agencies have recently done. Any such legislation will likely affect gasoline prices. We believe price controls will have
a material adverse effect on the Company and the Fund. 

Because
competition in the oil and natural gas industry is intense, we may be unable to effectively compete with larger companies with greater
financial, technical and managerial resources. 

We
are a relatively small participant in the United States onshore oil and gas exploration and drilling industry and we face significant
competition from major energy companies with substantial financial, technical, management, and other resources as well as large and other
privately-held businesses which have competitive advantages. While we are mostly vertically integrated, our cost of operations is dependent
in part on certain third-party services, and competition for these services can be significant, especially in times when commodity prices
are high. Similarly, if and as we grow we will compete for trained, qualified personnel, and in times of lower prices for oil, we and
other companies with similar production profiles may not be able to attract and retain this talent. Conversely, some of our competitors
have a broader portfolio properties, assets and rights that in many cases enable them to both explore and drill wider geographic areas
with a greater likelihood of success and/or complete the exploration, drilling, distribution and sale processes at lower costs while
also offering related services to third parties. 

24 

Our
ability to acquire and develop reserves in the future, and maintain and grow our customer base will depend on our ability to evaluate
and select suitable properties and assets and to consummate transactions in a highly competitive environment for acquiring such properties
and assets, marketing oil and gas, securing and compensating trained personnel and meeting demand for our products and services. Also,
there is substantial competition for capital available for investment in the oil and gas industry. Our competitors may be able to pay
more to acquire working interests in oil and gas leases as well as for personnel, property and services and to attract capital at lower
rates. Because of our small size, we may be more affected than larger competitors. Further, the current inflation the United States is
facing will affect us more that many well capitalized competitors. 

The
potential lack of availability of, or cost of, drilling rigs, equipment, supplies, personnel and crude oil field services could adversely
affect our ability to execute on a timely basis our exploration and development plans within our budget. 

We
currently own three drilling rigs which can perform deep vertical and horizontal/directional drilling projects in depths of up to 30,000
feet, and three workover rigs. When the prices of crude oil increase, or the demand for equipment and services is greater than the supply
in certain areas, we could encounter an increase in the cost of securing a deep drilling rig capable of performing lateral drilling projects
in the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale. In addition, larger producers may be more likely to secure access to such equipment by offering more
lucrative terms. If we are unable to acquire access to such resources, or can obtain access only at higher prices, our ability to convert
our reserves into cash flow could be delayed and the cost of producing those reserves could increase significantly. In addition to increasing
our costs, we may face the possibility of poorly rendered services or faulty or damaged equipment coupled with potential damage to downhole
reservoirs and personnel injuries. Such issues can increase the actual cost of services, extend the time to secure such services and
add costs for damages due to accidents sustained from the overuse of equipment and inexperienced personnel. All of these factors may
adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Drilling
for and producing crude oil involves significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

Our
drilling and production activities are subject to many risks, including the risk that we will not discover commercially productive reservoirs.
Drilling for crude oil can be unprofitable, not only from dry holes, but from productive wells that do not produce sufficient revenues
to return a profit. In addition, our drilling and producing operations may be curtailed, delayed or cancelled as a result of other factors,
including but not limited to: 

unusual
 or unexpected geological formations and miscalculations; 

fires; 

explosions
 and blowouts; 

25 

pipe
 or cement failures; 

environmental
 hazards, such as natural gas leaks, oil spills, pipeline and tank ruptures, encountering naturally occurring radioactive materials,
 and unauthorized discharges of toxic gases, brine, well stimulation and completion fluids, or other pollutants into the surface and
 subsurface environment; 

loss
 of drilling fluid circulation; 

title
 problems for the properties on which we drill and resulting restrictions or termination of lease for oil drilling and production
 operations; 

facility
 or equipment malfunctions; 

unexpected
 operational events, especially the need to drill significantly deeper than originally contemplated or finding, despite an engineering
 study to the contrary; 

shortages
 of skilled personnel or unexpected loss of key drilling and production workers; 

shortages
 or delivery delays of equipment and services or of water used in hydraulic fracturing activities; 

compliance
 with environmental and other regulatory requirements and any unexpected remedial requirements for violations of environmental or
 other regulatory requirements; 

stockholder
 activism and activities by non-governmental organizations to restrict the exploration, development and production of oil and natural
 gas so as to minimize emissions of greenhouse gases; 

natural
 disasters; and 

adverse
 weather conditions. 

Any
of these risks can cause substantial losses, including personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property,
natural resources and equipment, pollution, environmental contamination, clean-up responsibilities, loss of wells, repairs to resume
operations; and regulatory fines or penalties. Further, our exposure to operational risks may increase as our drilling activity expands. 

We
may not be insured or fully insured against certain of the above operational risks, either due to unavailability of such insurance or
the high premiums and deductibles. The occurrence of an event that is not covered in full or in part by insurance could have a material
adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Because
of the speculative nature of drilling oil and gas wells, we cannot guarantee any return on your investment. 

Oil
and natural gas exploration is an inherently speculative activity. Before the drilling of a well, we cannot predict with absolute certainty
the volume of oil and natural gas recoverable from the well; or the time it will take to recover the oil and gas. 

In
addition, oil and gas wells by their nature are depleting assets with respect to which production could last anywhere from a few months
to more than 30 years. As a result, annual production will naturally decline over the life of a well, and so too will returns to investors. 

26 

Even
if targeted wells are completed and produce oil and gas in commercial quantities, it may not produce enough oil and gas to pay for the
costs of drilling and completing the well. 

Because
the oil and gas drilling business is very cyclical, we may face a downturn which in turn can adversely affect our business. 

Between
inflation, supply chain shortages and the war in Ukraine, among other factors, the price of oil has spiked in 2022 with peak oil prices
over 122 per barrel of oil for WTI crude on June 8, 2022, which was the highest level in over 10 years. However, as the economy is seemingly
worsening, the price of crude oil fell to early January levels with WTI crude at 78.74 on September 24, 2022, although the price increased
to above 90 in early November 2022. As of June 13, 2023, WTI crude oil traded at 69.42 per barrel. Changes in oil and natural gas prices
(and specifically downwards trends or the lack of an increase) will have a significant adverse impact on our cash flow. Lower oil and
gas prices may not only impact our revenues, but also may reduce the amount of oil and gas that we can produce economically. Historically,
oil and gas prices have been volatile, and it is likely that they will continue to be volatile in the future. At some point, the regulatory
factors facing fossil fuels and the drilling for oil as well as a recession may make oil drilling financially unattractive. In that event,
our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

The
volatility of oil and natural gas prices could also hamper our ability to produce oil and gas economically. Oil and natural gas prices
are volatile, and a decline in prices could significantly, adversely affect both profitability and overall financial health of the Company.
The oil and gas industry has experienced severe downturns characterized by oversupply and/or weak-to-zero demand. 

Our
future revenues from exploration and production operations, cash flows, and carrying value of our oil and gas properties will depend
on oil prices. Commodity prices, including oil, are highly volatile and may fluctuate widely in response to relatively minor changes
in supply and demand and market uncertainty. Additional factors which may affect oil prices and which are beyond our control include
but are not limited to, the following factors: 

worldwide
 and regional economic conditions impacting the global supply of and demand for oil, including the impact of the Russian invasion
 of Ukraine and inflation; 

the
 price and quantity of foreign imports of oil; 

consumer
 and business demand; 

geopolitical
 and economic conditions in or affecting other producing regions or countries, including the Middle East, Africa, South America and
 Russia; 

actions
 of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, its members and other state-controlled oil companies relating to oil price
 and production controls; 

the
 level of global exploration, development and production; 

the
 level of global inventories; 

prevailing
 prices on local price indexes in the area in which we operate; 

the
 proximity, capacity, cost and availability of gathering and transportation facilities; 

27 

localized
 and global supply and demand fundamentals and transportation availability; 

the
 cost of exploring for, developing, producing and transporting reserves; 

weather
 conditions and other natural disasters; 

technological
 advances affecting energy consumption; 

the
 price and availability of alternative fuels; 

government
 regulations, such as regulation of natural gas transportation and price controls; 

U.S.
 federal, state and local and non-U.S. governmental regulation and taxes; and 

market
 perceptions of future prices, whether due to the foregoing factors or others. 

Because
oil prices have been volatile, there can be no certainty as to if, when and to what extent they may decline in the future. Further, while
higher oil prices generally provide benefits to our drilling operations to the extent we have productive wells during the high price
periods, they also pose increased costs in drilling additional wells. 

Our
operating results fluctuate due to the effect of seasonality, adverse weather or other natural occurrences that generally impact the
oil and gas industry. 

Operating
levels of the oil industry have historically been lower in the winter months because of adverse weather conditions. Accordingly, our
revenue generally follows a seasonal pattern. Revenue can also be affected by other adverse weather conditions, holidays and the number
of business days during a given period because revenue is directly related to the available working days. From time-to-time, we may also
suffer short-term impacts from severe weather and similar events, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, blizzards, ice storms, floods, fires,
earthquakes, and explosions that could harm our results of operations or make our results of operations more volatile. 

Because
we may be subject to various claims and lawsuits in the ordinary course of business, increases in the amount or severity of these claims
and lawsuits could adversely affect us. 

In
the ordinary course of our planned business, we may be exposed to various claims and litigation related to commercial disputes, personal
injury, property damage, environmental liability and other matters. If we incur increases in litigation or serious claims, there are
developments in legislative or regulatory trends, or our employees or contractors incur a catastrophic accident or series of accidents,
involving property damage, personal injury, or environmental liability it could have a material adverse effect on our operating results
and financial condition. 

The
extension of our active oil and gas mineral leases are in some cases subject to performing continuous drilling operations. 

Our
oil and gas mineral leases may contain acreage that is either held by production or not. In order to extend the leased acreage not held
by production, the Company must maintain minimum continuous drilling operations in order to extend these leases to future periods. Further,
at least one of our leases requires us to drill a new well every 270 days in order to maintain the rights, and our failure to do so would
result in us losing the rights unless the owner agrees to a waiver or extension. The Company s inability to perform operations
during any given period could result in the Company s losing the rights to future operations on that lease. The Company has until
August 2023 to spud this well to maintain this lease. 

28 

We
may be required to meet future drilling conditions and lack the capital to protect our interest in one or more wells. 

In
addition to the requirements under our current interests, we may acquire interests in wells that require continuous drilling in order
to maintain our interest. In the past, White River Holdings a then subsidiary of Ecoark was unable to meet the drilling condition, which
permitted our Executive Chairman (and Ecoark s Chief Executive Officer) to personally acquire a portion of the working interest
when he made the required investment. Because we may acquire oil and gas mineral leases that may require future drilling to maintain
the leasehold interest, if we do the Company will be required to invest in future drilling in order to extend these leases to future
periods or lose the interest in any such leases. If we lack the capital, our affiliates may acquire the leases by investing their own
capital. 

Our
ability to spread the risks of drilling among many wells may be limited . 

Our
ability to spread risks through diversification will be related to our ability to obtain the necessary capital and other resources needed
to evaluate a well s prospects and deploy drilling equipment, as well as acquire and maintain drilling rights. Limited capital
will force us to drill fewer wells, or forego opportunities management deems to be attractive, which decreases our ability to spread
the risks of drilling and mitigate the possibility of deploying our limited resources towards a successful drilling venture. In addition,
our revenue and ability to achieve or maintain profitability may decrease if management is unable to find enough suitable well locations
to be drilled. While we have approximately 30,000 acres to select drilling locations from, there can be no assurance that we will be
successful in drilling in a manner or pace that enables us to generate sufficient revenue at low enough costs to become profitable. 

The
Company may face issues with title defects, which could result in losses in leases which the fund acquires. 

There
may be defects in the title to the leases on which the Company s wells are drilled. In certain instances, the Company may elect
not to obtain title opinions or take certain other due diligence related actions that could have otherwise unveiled problems, due to
cost, timing or other constraints. Thus, the Company may experience losses from title defects which arose during drilling that would
have been disclosed by such due diligence. Also, the Company may waive title requirements for the leases on which the Company s
wells are drilled. Any failure of title of working interest transferred to the Company could materially adversely affect our operating
results and business. 

29 

We
may be required to record significant non-cash impairment charges related to a reduction in the carrying value of our proved oil and
gas properties, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 

We
will perform assessments of our oil and gas properties whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets
may not be recoverable. In order to perform these assessments, management will use various observable and unobservable inputs, including
management s outlooks for (i) proved reserves and risk-adjusted probable and possible reserves, (ii) commodity prices, (iii) production
costs, (iv) capital expenditures and (v) production. Significant or extended price declines could result in the need to adjust the carrying
value of our proved oil and gas properties by recording non-cash impairment charges. To the extent such assessments indicate a reduction
of the estimated useful life or estimated future cash flows, the carrying value of the oil and gas properties may not be recoverable
and therefore we may be required to record an impairment charge reducing the carrying value of the proved properties to their fair value.
For the year ended March 31, 2023, we recorded impairment charges of 8,018,217 relating to goodwill impairment and 5,487,665
in impairment of our oil and gas reserves related to White River Holdings. While we no longer record any goodwill as an asset,
we do have over 4,500,000 of oil and gas assets recorded on our balance sheet at March 31, 2023. If oil and natural gas prices decline
in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges related to these intangible assets, which would materially and adversely
affect our results of operations in the period incurred. 

Similar
to many companies, we have experienced a spike in our insurance costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results . 

Insurance
premiums have recently escalated, and we are facing a similar increase in our insurance costs. Our future insurance and claims expense
might exceed historical levels, which could reduce our earnings. We self-insure or maintain a high deductible for a portion of our claims
exposure resulting from workers compensation, auto liability, general liability, cargo and property damage claims, as well as
associated health insurance. Estimating the number and severity of claims, as well as related judgment or settlement amounts is inherently
difficult. This, along with legal expenses, incurred but not reported claims and other uncertainties can cause unfavorable differences
between actual claim costs and our reserve estimates. We plan to reserve for anticipated losses and expenses and periodically evaluate
and adjust our claims reserves to reflect our experience. However, ultimate results may differ from our estimates, which could result
in losses over our reserved amounts. 

We
maintain insurance with licensed insurance carriers above the amounts which we retain. Although we believe our general liability and
related insurance limits should be sufficient to cover reasonably expected claims, the amount of one or more claims could exceed our
coverage limits. If any claim were to exceed our coverage, we would be required to bear the excess, in addition to our other self-insured/retained
amounts. As a result, our insurance and claims expense could increase, or we could raise our self-insured retention or deductible when
our policies are renewed or replaced. Our operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected if (i)
cost per claim, premiums, or the number of claims significantly exceed our estimates, (ii) there is one or more claims in excess of our
coverage limits, (iii) our insurance carriers refuse to pay our insurance claims or (iv) we experience a claim for which coverage is
not provided. 

30 

General
Risks 

Because
the COVID-19 pandemic had a material adverse effect on crude oil prices and the economy, the uncertainty relating to its continuation
may have a future adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and future prospects. 

While
COVID-19 seems to no longer threaten the economy as it did, supply chain shortages seem to have evolved from COVID-19. Moreover, the
risk of a serious new COVID-19 strain or other serious virus evolving remains. 

Disruptions
and/or uncertainties related to a new strain of COVID-19 for a sustained period of time could have a material adverse impact on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. Supply chain delays and shortages of equipment, or increased transportation, labor or
other costs which may result from COVID-19 could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
The Company has not experienced any national shortages of supplies related to COVID-19 or any other phenomena, but periodically experiences
minor temporary delays on a regional basis on materials, equipment, and other services due to general supply and demand curves from vendors
in the Louisiana and Mississippi area. 

Furthermore,
the effect of another serious COVID-19 outbreak on financial markets and on our Company may limit our ability to raise additional capital
in the future on the terms acceptable to us at the time we need it, or at all. 

Because
of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, as well as high inflation and increased Federal Reserve interest rates in response, and the recent
banking crisis, the effect on the capital markets and the economy is uncertain, and we may have to deal with a recessionary economy and
economic uncertainty including possible adverse effects upon the oil and gas industry and other industries. 

Following
of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the end of the COVID-19 pandemic, certain events are beginning to affect the global and United
States economy including continued inflation, Federal Reserve interest rate increases in response, prominent bank failures and weaknesses,
volatility in the prices of oil and gas, declines in portions of the capital markets, and large Western companies ceasing to do business
in Russia. The duration of this war and its impact are at best uncertain, and continuation may result in Internet access issues if Russia,
for example, began illicit cyber activities. The economy may be headed into a recession with uncertain and potentially severe impacts
upon public companies and us. We cannot predict how this will affect the market for oil and gas, but the impact may be adverse. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to retain and attract high-quality personnel, and the efforts, abilities and continued service
of our senior management. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to attract, hire, train and retain a number of highly skilled employees and on the service and
performance of our senior management team and other key personnel for each of our subsidiaries particularly with the planned expansion
of our operations. The loss of the services of our executive officers or other key employees including two key new employees hired to
raise capital for the Fund and inadequate succession planning could cause substantial disruption to our business operations, deplete
our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitive advantage, which would adversely affect our business. Competition for qualified
personnel possessing the skills necessary to implement our strategy is intense, and we may fail to attract or retain the employees necessary
to execute our business model successfully. We do not have key person life insurance policies covering any of our executive
officers. 

31 

Our
success will depend to a significant degree upon the continued efforts of our key management, engineering and other personnel, many of
whom would be difficult to replace. In particular, we believe that our future success is highly dependent on Randy May, our Executive
Chairman, and Jay Puchir, our Chief Executive Officer. If any members of our management team leave our employment, our business could
suffer, and the share price of our common stock could decline. 

If
we cannot manage our growth effectively, our results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

We
have recently experienced significant growth in our operations commencing with and following the White River Holdings acquisition. Our
business model relies on our rapidly growing our oil and gas drilling business. Businesses that grow rapidly often have difficulty managing
their growth while maintaining their compliance and quality standards. If we grow as rapidly as we anticipate, we will need to expand
our management by recruiting and employing additional executive and key personnel capable of providing the necessary support. There can
be no assurance that our management, along with our staff, will be able to effectively manage our growth. Our failure to meet the challenges
associated with rapid growth could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

We
will have a highly concentrated portfolio of assets and operate in a limited number of markets, and therefore face risks surrounding
a lack of diversification. 

Our
current operations and revenue generating activities are conducted exclusively through White River Holdings, which is focused on oil
and gas drilling. Thus, an investment in our Company will not provide diversity as to asset type and industry, as we are focused solely
on oil and gas assets in the energy sector. Additionally, while we intend to expand our portfolio as capital becomes available, our oil
and gas portfolio and operations are presently geographically concentrated in the relatively small territory of Louisiana and Mississippi.
This lack of diversification could cause us to face difficulties in establishing material revenue, particularly if adverse external forces
such as market or regulatory changes occur, and we may be unable to recover from these developments, in which case your investment would
be at risk. 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce
timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 

Upon
the effectiveness a registration statement on Form S-1 filed in 2022 by the Company (File No. 333-268707) (the Registration Statement ),
we will become subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act which requires, among other things, that public companies maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and
internal control over financial reporting. 

32 

Any
failure to maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement in the future could cause
us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. If we fail
to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and
accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired, which could result in loss of investor confidence
and could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and distract our management, which could make it difficult to manage
our business. 

The
federal securities laws require us to comply with SEC reporting requirements relating to our business and securities. Following the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement we will be required to file reports which we now file voluntarily as well as comply with the proxy rules,
among other things. Complying with these reporting and other regulatory obligations is time-consuming and will result in increased costs
to us which could have a negative effect on our financial condition or business. We will be subject to the reporting requirements of
the Exchange Act and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. These requirements may place a strain on our systems and resources.
We will be required to file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC disclosing certain aspects and developments of our business
and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls
over financial reporting. To date, we file reports on a voluntary basis and have concluded in this Report for example, that our disclosure
controls are not effective. To maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, we will need to commit
significant resources, hire additional executive officers and personnel and provide for additional management oversight. We intend to
implement additional procedures and processes for the purpose of addressing the standards and requirements applicable to SEC reporting
companies. Sustaining our growth will also require us to commit additional managerial, operational and financial resources to identifying
competent professionals to join our Company and to maintain appropriate operational and financial systems to adequately support our intended
expansion. These activities may divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, financial condition or business. 

Risks
Relating to Our Planned Acquisition of a Broker-Dealer and Certain Other Regulatory Matters. 

A
failure or delay in the acquisition of a broker-dealer, including due to regulatory requirements of the broker-dealer, may adversely
affect our business and results of operations. 

Broker-dealers
are subject to intense laws and regulations enacted by national, and state governments, including those administered by the SEC. Additionally,
broker-dealers are subject to FINRA oversight and must also comply with money laundering laws and know your customers laws. Self-regulatory
organizations and related licenses and certifications often come with their own rules and processes with which we will need to comply
to effect these types of transactions. Broker-dealers are regulated by the SEC, states in which they operate and by FINRA, and self-regulatory
organizations of which they may be members. The SEC requires registration and certain periodic public disclosure about the broker-dealer
unless an exemption from registration is available. Before a FINRA member firm may engage in a change of control transaction, FINRA Rule
1017 requires the member to file an application for approval at least 30 days prior to the transaction. Under the Rule, FINRA then has
authority to review and potentially reject the application, in which case the transaction would not be able to go forward. 

33 

Therefore,
our business plan as it relates to acquiring a broker-dealer through which to enable us to proceed with oil and gas funding activities
could be materially delayed or even prevented by FINRA and/or the SEC rules and application and review processes, much of which will
be beyond our control given that a significant source of the information and documentation FINRA or the SEC requests will come from the
firm we are targeting to acquire. We filed the change of control application with FINRA in February 2023. For further information on
this application, see page 14 of this Report. If we do obtain FINRA approval to acquire a broker-dealer, we will become subject to
the SEC s and FINRA s rules and requirements through the acquired entity, which together impose significant ongoing compliance
requirements with respect to the financial condition (including net capital minimums), reporting, recordkeeping and audit requirements,
supervisory and corporate governance mandates, customer relationships and communications and other requirements affecting the products
and services offered by the broker-dealer. See the risk titled If we obtain a broker-dealer, we will become subject to numerous
regulatory requirements imposed by a variety of different private and public agencies, which could restrict our operations or impede
our growth for more information about the potential applicable requirements. Additionally, various states require registration
which provides such states with the ability to regulate the broker-dealer including the power to inspect records. 

Compliance
with SEC and FINRA rules and regulations and other requirements in connection with acquisitions and ongoing operations are often capital
intensive and time-consuming, can divert management s and personnel s attention from important operational matters, and may
prevent us from ultimately achieving our goals within the desired timeframes, on favorable terms or at all. These requirements are often
ambiguous, fact sensitive and context specific, which further magnifies the risk of exposure and/or the expense of compliance. Litigation
or enforcement proceedings may arise involving large amounts of damages or fees, and defending against such litigation is costly. For
the foregoing reasons, failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, and deployment of human and
capital resources towards compliance and/or defense efforts, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete transactions, and on our ability to execute our business plan and generate material revenue therefrom. 

If
we are unable to acquire the broker-dealer, our ability to raise capital for the Fund will be materially and adversely affected while
at the same time we have made significant financial commitments to two new executives, the ultimate amounts of which remain uncertain. 

If
we fail to close the acquisition of the broker-dealer under the MIPA, the intended benefits of the Fund and any future fund, particularly
the raising of non-dilutive capital to be deployed towards the Company s oil and gas projects, may not be realized. Because of
our limited success in raising capital for the Fund, we recruited two senior executives who have been registered representatives for
other broker-dealers. See Item 11. Executive Compensation. Because of their history in the securities business,
we have been advised that they cannot sell Fund units for us unless they are associated with a registered broker-dealer. If we cannot
acquire the broker-dealer, we are subject to a number of risks including: 

As
 disclosed elsewhere in this Report, we need to raise capital to support our operations and do not have sufficient capital to meet
 our obligations over the next 12 months; 

34 

Raising
 capital for the Fund permits us to drill wells and charge the Fund a fee which includes our profit; 

These
 two executives cannot raise capital for us or the Fund unless we own a broker-dealer or we enter into a Placement Agent Agreement
 with another firm; 

Because
 we have agreed to pay the executives a selling commission as described below, it may not be feasible to recruit another broker-dealer and pay
 additional commissions; and 

We
 are currently paying the executives a total of 150,000 per month regardless if they can perform services for us. 

With respect to the selling commissions payable to these executives, the Employment Agreements entered into with these executives are
ambiguous as to exact economic terms of these commissions. Specifically, each Agreement provides that the executive is eligible to receive
a 10 commission from capital placed by a broker-dealer, affording the executive with discretion to determine how such commission is allocated
among the executive and other members of the team . While we are currently in discussions to amend these terms to provide
greater clarity, there is a risk that an executive claims that he and/or other team members are entitled to a greater commission than
was intended when these Agreements were executed. Further, the discretion afforded to these individuals as currently in effect or based
on any amended terms, which may include the ability to negotiate for a higher commission to the extent a third party broker-dealer is
procured, or the securities offered are of an issuer other than an entity controlled by the Company for the Fund s capital-raising
efforts, could result in total commissions exceeding 10 of the gross proceeds from securities sold in some cases. Further, these ambiguities
could impede either or both executives capital raising efforts, or those of other members of their team. There can be no assurance
that we will be successful in negotiating amended terms of these Employment Agreements or that, even if we do, the commissions and other
compensation and rights granted under these Agreements will not otherwise materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating
results. 

Accordingly,
if we do not acquire the broker-dealer or obtain another broker-dealer to raise capital for the Fund, amend the terms of the recent
Employment Agreements or otherwise manage our capital expenditures in these pursuits, our liquidity and business will be materially
adversely affected. 

If
we obtain a broker-dealer, we will become subject to numerous regulatory requirements imposed by a variety of different private and public
agencies, which could restrict our operations or impede our business plan and growth. 

If
we acquire a broker-dealer, we will become subject to a number of laws, regulations, rules and policies aimed at protecting investors
and preserving the integrity of the financial markets. These requirements can be costly to comply with, divert management s attention
away from other important matters, and may have the effect of hindering our growth as a result. For example, among the laws, regulations,
rules and policies to which the broker-dealer must comply with are: 

Rule
 15c3-1 under the Exchange Act, which specifies minimum capital requirements intended to ensure the general financial soundness and
 liquidity of broker-dealers; 

Rule
 15c3-3 under the Exchange Act, which requires broker-dealers to maintain certain liquidity reserves; and 

SEC
 and FINRA rules which require notification when net capital falls below certain defined criteria and when withdrawals of capital
 exceed certain thresholds, as well as remaining above a certain ratio of debt to equity in the regulatory capital composition of
 a broker-dealer. 

While
we expect the future operations of any broker-dealer we acquire to be limited, we may be subject to additional or different rules depending
on the operations of the broker-dealer we acquire, and any future business we develop following the acquisition. Costs of compliance
with these requirements is expected to be significant, and failure to comply would expose us to the risk of regulatory enforcement, civil
liability, suspension or withdrawal of the license or registration to operate as a broker-dealer, any of which would materially adversely
affect us. 

35 

If
the Company was subject to the Investment Company Act of 1940 or the 1940 Act, we would be required to expend significant resources towards
compliance and we may have to discontinue operations because of the costs, and could also be exposed to other adverse consequences. 

The
1940 Act generally defines an investment company to include (i) an issuer that is engaged in the business of investing,
reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and that owns investment securities having a value exceeding 40 its unconsolidated
assets, excluding cash items and securities issued by the federal government, or (ii) an issuer which is or holds itself out to be primarily
engaged investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities. There are various exceptions to the definition, and there are
also exemptions provided under the 1940 Act, that apply in certain enumerated circumstances. 

In
the past, we held investment securities of a public company which we received on March 27, 2020 which made us an investment company since
we had no operations at the time. Under a Rule of the SEC, transient investment companies have one year to cease being
an investment company, provided such a company have a bona fide intent to engage in a business other than that of investing, reinvesting,
owning, holding or trading in securities as evidenced by such company s business activities and appropriate resolution of its board
of directors. We did not comply with this one year requirement since, although our management initially sought to spin-off the shares
to our stockholders, when that was not feasible our management began the process of selling the shares after the holding period under
Rule 144 Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ended. After the holding period ended, our then sole officer and director
was faced with further delays arising from administrative difficulties in arranging and effecting sales before the Company could begin
selling the shares. Further, he recognized that to sell all of the shares in a very brief timeframe could collapse the market for the
stock which generally was not liquid. Ultimately, the shares were fully liquidated by February 2022, which was 11 months after the one
year period afforded under the 1940 Act Rule described above. Because at all times, we had the specific intent to divest of these shares
rather than invest in the public company, we believe were not an investment company based upon our goal of acquiring or developing an
operating business and not investing in investment securities. 

While
there are a few SEC Staff interpretations which we believe support our position that our business objectives, operations and characteristics
did not result in investment company status, the SEC may not agree with this position. The 1940 Act permits the SEC to require us to
register or sue us to require us to register as an investment company. If that were to occur, we would be required to expend substantial
capital resources to comply, and would likely not have sufficient capital to comply and accordingly we would cease operations. Further,
the SEC could seek to impose monetary penalties and/or injunctive relief, alleging that we acted in violation of the 1940 Act during
the period in which we were an investment company and not registered. In addition, it is possible that a private investor could sue us
seeking some kind of relief under the 1940 Act. 

36 

We
do not believe we and our subsidiaries are an investment company for the following reasons: 

A
 review of the Company s and White River Holdings historical development reflects that neither entity was involved in
 investment company type activities with the Company s brief period as a transient investment company and excluding the Fund. 

The
 Company s public representations of its and White River Holdings activities reflect both companies are engaged in the
 exploration, drilling and production of oil and gas. 

Our
 officers and directors have focused their time on behalf of the Company on its oil and gas activities. 

Our
 respective revenues have solely come from our oil and gas activities. 

Each
of our subsidiaries, except for the Fund which we treat as a subsidiary solely for accounting purposes, do not come within the definition
of an investment company. 

As
for the Fund, its activities may be deemed to come within the definition of an investment company. However, the Fund does not intend
to sell partnership units to more than 100 investors so it will meet the 1940 Act s exemption form registering as an investment
company. 

In
addition, Section 3(c)(9) of the 1940 Act provides an exemption a business in which substantially all of its business consists of owning
or holding interests in oil and gas leases or other interests. We believe that our ownership and operation of White River Holdings since
July 25, 2022 exempts us since our sole business is engaging in exploration, operation and development of oil wells which is an active
business. It is possible the SEC or a court may not agree with our position notwithstanding prior SEC interpretations to the contrary. 

If
we are required to register under the Investment Advisers Act, our ability to conduct business could be materially adversely affected. 

The
Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Investment Advisers Act ), contains substantive legal requirements that regulate the
manner in which investment advisers required to register under the Investment Advisers Act are permitted to conduct their
business activities. The term investment adviser is defined as any person who, for compensation, engages in the business
of advising others, either directly or through publications or writings, as to the value of securities or as to the advisability of investing
in, purchasing, or selling securities, or who, for compensation and as part of a regular business, issues or promulgates analyses or
reports concerning securities, subject to a number of enumerated exceptions from the definition. Other than the Manager, which manages
the Fund, none of the Company or its other subsidiaries, or the Fund itself, would meet this definition. 

With
respect to the Manager, while it may be deemed to provide investment advice to the Fund, Rule 203(m)-1(a) promulgated under the Investment
Advisers Act exempts from the registration requirements of that Act an investment adviser with its principal office and place of business
in the U.S. and which both (i) acts solely as an investment adviser to one or more qualifying private funds; and (ii) manages private
fund assets of less than 150 million. Private Fund Exemption ). 

37 

Under
Rule 203(m)-1(d), an investment adviser may treat as a private fund for purposes of the exemption an issuer that qualifies for an exclusion
from the definition of an investment company under Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment Company Act, which is described in the risk factor
above titled The Company may become subject to the requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940, which would limit the Company s
business operations and require the Company to expend and deploy significant resources towards compliance with such regulatory regime 
as applicable to the Fund. Because the Manager s activities solely relate to the Fund, which qualifies for exemption from the investment
company definition provided for under Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment Company Act because it has no more than 100 beneficial owners
and has not and is not conducting a public offering of such securities, and also has less than 150 million in assets under management,
the Manager qualifies for this exception. 

Because
its assets under management are less than 25 million, the Manager is not required to register, and is in fact precluded from registering,
as an investment adviser with the SEC, but is subject to the state investment adviser regulations of the State of Colorado, where its
principal office and place of business are located. As an exempt reporting advisor, notice filings are made with the state of Colorado. 

Although
exempt from registration under the Investment Advisers Act, the Manager is required to file an annual/materially changing truncated Form
ADV with the SEC as an exempt reporting adviser pursuant to the terms of the registration exemption on which it relies.
While provisions of the Investment Advisers Act that apply only to registered investment advisers do not apply to exempt reporting advisers,
as an exempt reporting adviser the Manager is subject to some of the requirements and regulations of the Investment Advisers Act, including,
among other things, conflict of interest, advertising performance information, anti- money laundering, fiduciary duties to advisory clients,
recordkeeping and regulatory reporting requirements, disclosure obligations, limitations on agency cross and principal transactions between
an adviser and its advisory clients, anti-corruption rules relating to investors associated with U.S. state or local governments, and
general anti-fraud prohibitions. In addition, the SEC is authorized under the Investment Advisers Act to require an exempt reporting
adviser such as the Manager to maintain records and provide reports, and to examine these advisers records. 

While
we believe our current practices do not require us or any of our subsidiaries to register as an investment adviser under the Investment
Advisers Act, if a regulator were to disagree with our analysis with respect to the Manager or any other portion of our business, the
Manager, the Company or another subsidiary may be required to register as an investment adviser and to comply with the Investment Advisers
Act. Registering as an investment adviser could adversely affect our method of operation and revenues. For example, registered investment
advisers under the Investment Advisers Act are subject to burdensome compliance requirements. It could be difficult for us to comply
with these obligations without meaningful changes to our business operations, and there is no guarantee that we could do so successfully.
If we were ever deemed to be subject to, and in non-compliance with, Investment Advisers Act requirements, we could also be subject to
various penalties, including administrative or judicial proceedings that might result in censure, fines, civil penalties, cease-and-desist
orders or other adverse consequences, as well as private rights of action, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. 

38 

Risks
Relating to our Common Stock 

Because
of the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion and exercise of outstanding securities and vesting of Restricted Stock
Units RSUs ), holders of our common stock will experience substantial future dilution. 

There
are 10,333,800 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of the date of this Report. We will be obligated to issue all or
very many of the following shares of common stock which will dilute our current stockholders:(1) approximately 42,254,521 shares of
common stock to be issued in the Spin-Off by Ecoark, (2) at least 6,577,816 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of our
Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (which are subject to potential upward adjustment), (3) at least 13,155,632 shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of five-year Warrants (which are subject to potential upward adjustment), (4) at least 1,166,667 shares
of common stock issuable upon conversion of a 10 Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note and underlying
a related Consulting Agreement (which are subject to potential upward adjustment), and (5) up to approximately 22,000,000 shares
underlying outstanding RSUs subject to certain vesting and share delivery conditions. 

Based
on our capital structure as described above, the issuance of the shares of common stock pursuant to the outstanding derivative securities
and anticipated transactions, many of which are expected to occur in the near term, will cause significant dilution to the Company s
other investors whereby their respective percentage ownership in our Company will experience a drastic decline. As a result, the voting
rights, dividend rights, and other perceived benefits of holding our common stock will be diluted due to the new stockholders. Further,
a majority of the newly issued shares will be freely tradeable because the transactions are being registered on a pending registration
statement, so the per-share price of our common stock could decline. 

If
we are not successful, you may lose your entire investment. 

Prospective
investors should be aware that if we are not successful in our business, their entire investment in the Company could become worthless.
Even if the Company is successful, we can provide no assurances that investors will derive a profit from their investment. We need additional
capital to meet our obligations and achieve our business objectives, and we cannot guarantee we will be successful in locating additional
required capital as and when needed or that any such amounts will be sufficient for us to establish material revenue growth. If we are
not successful, you may lose your entire investment. 

39 

The
price of our common stock is subject to volatility, including for reasons unrelated to our operating performance, which could lead to
losses by investors and costly securities litigation. 

The
trading price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate in response to a number of factors, some of which
may be outside our control, including but not limited to, the following factors: 

the
 large number of shares which Ecoark stockholders will receive in the Spin-Off; 

sales
 of our common stock by these Ecoark stockholders; 

sales
 of the shares of common stock and warrants being offered for resale pursuant to the Registration Statement; 

the
 sporadic trading of our common stock which means that the limited demand and high supply may lead to price declines; 

future
 events related to the market for oil and gas or other products we may offer in the future, including regulation; 

changes
 in market valuations of companies in the oil and gas industry; 

future
 oil prices; 

regulatory
 initiatives from the Biden Administration or other government agencies; 

announcements
 of developments by us or our competitors; 

the
 continuation of the stock market slump and any related adverse events affecting the economy; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, capital commitments, significant contracts,
 or other material developments that may affect our prospects; 

actual
 or anticipated variations in our operating results; 

adoption
 of new accounting standards affecting our industry; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

the
 adverse consequences of future variants of COVID-19; and 

other
 events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

The
stock market is subject to significant price and volume fluctuations. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price
of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been initiated against such a company. Litigation initiated
against us, whether or not successful, could result in substantial costs and diversion of our management s attention and Company
resources, which could harm our business and financial condition. 

40 

Any
future impairment in the carrying value of our intangible assets could depress our stock price. 

Following
our acquisition of White River Holdings in July 2022, we had a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets on our balance
sheet. Intangible assets must be evaluated for impairment annually or more frequently if events indicate it is warranted. If the carrying
value of a reporting unit or asset exceeds its current fair value, the unit or asset is considered impaired. Events and conditions that
could result in impairment in the value of our intangible assets include, but are not limited to, significant negative industry or economic
trends, significant decline in the Company s stock price for a sustained period of time, significant decline in market capitalization
relative to net book value, limited funding that could delay our operations and the execution of our business plan, significant changes
in the manner of use of the assets or the strategy for the Company s overall business, or failure of our oil and gas assets to
produce as estimated or anticipated. 

Initially,
we impaired 5,917,843 of goodwill as of July 25, 2022, and then on March 31, 2023, the Company impaired the remaining 2,100,374 in
goodwill based on the fair value of its reporting unit, measured by the discounted cash flow method, which exceeded the carrying value
at March 31 2023. In addition, during the year ended March 31, 2023, we recognized 5,487,665 of impairment of our oil and gas reserves
based on our ceiling test calculations. 

We
may in the future be required to record additional impairment charges of our oil and gas assets of that business on our balance sheet
resulting from that acquisition as well as new oil and gas properties we acquire. Further, to the extent we acquire additional businesses
or assets in the future, including oil and gas businesses or assets to add to our current operations through White River Holdings, further
impairment may be necessary in future periods. Our stock price could be negatively impacted should future impairments of our goodwill
and other intangible assets occur. 

There
is currently a limited trading market for the Company s common stock and none for the Warrants. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol WTRV. However, there is currently a limited trading market in our
common stock, and we cannot assure you that a consistent, active trading market will develop. Trading on the OTCQB is less liquid than
the leading national securities exchanges. 

If
an active market for our common stock and other securities develops, there is no assurance that such market will be maintained. The lack
of an active market may impair your ability to sell your shares at the time you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable. 

Furthermore,
there is a significant risk that our common stock and Warrant prices may fluctuate in the future in response to any of the following
factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

Our
 ability to resolve our working capital needs; 

The
 results of our drilling activities and our ability to increase revenues; 

Material
 declines in the price of oil; 

Regulation
 by the federal government including the SEC s proposed climate change rules and whether such rules when adopted as we expect
 will apply to smaller reporting companies like the Company; 

41 

Our
 ability to acquire sufficient oil and gas leases and working interests in oil and gas wells; 

The
 impact of inflation; 

Economic
 conditions including the onset of a recession or stagflation; 

Variations
 in our quarterly operating results; 

Announcements
 that our revenue or income is below analysts expectations; 

Sales
 of large volume of our common stock once the Registration Statement is declared effective; and 

Announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant contracts, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments. 

Future
sales of our common stock in the public market could lower the price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise funds in future
securities offerings. 

Of
10,333,800 shares of common stock outstanding as of June 23, 2023, approximately 4,038,811 shares are held by investors who are not
our affiliates. These shares are free trading since they have been held more than two years. In addition, the approximately 42,254,521
 shares to be issued to Ecoark s stockholders in the Spin-Off and the 19,733,523 shares offered by the selling stockholders
under the Registration Statement will be free trading without restrictions. Future sales of a substantial number
of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the then prevailing
market price of our common stock and could make it more difficult for us to raise funds in the future through an offering of our securities.
Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the anticipation of these sales, could materially and
adversely affect market prices prevailing from time-to-time, and could impair our ability to raise capital through sales of equity or
equity-related securities. In addition, the market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of
shares of our common stock in the market or the perception that these sales may occur. 

Our
common stock is a penny stock and thereby be subject to additional sale and trading regulations that may depress the price
of our common stock. 

Our
common stock is a penny stock if it does not qualify for one of the exemptions from the definition of penny stock 
under Section 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act. Our common stock may be a penny stock if it meets one or more of the following
conditions: (i) it trades at a price less than 5 per share; (ii) it is not traded on a recognized national securities
exchange which excludes the OTCQB; or (iii) is issued by a company that has been in business less than three years with net tangible
assets less than 5 million. Thus, our common stock is a penny stock. 

42 

The
principal result or effect of being designated a penny stock is that securities broker-dealers participating in sales of our common stock
are discouraged from soliciting purchases of our common stock by the SEC s rules which generally results in low prices and limited
trading volume. For example, SEC Rule 15g-2 requires broker-dealers dealing in penny stocks to provide potential investors with a document
disclosing the risks of penny stocks and to obtain a manually signed and dated written receipt of the document at least two business
days before effecting any transaction in a penny stock for the investor s account. Moreover, Rule 15g-9 requires broker-dealers
in penny stocks to approve the account of any investor for transactions in such stocks before selling any penny stock to that investor.
This procedure requires the broker-dealer to: (i) obtain from the investor information concerning his or her financial situation, investment
experience and investment objectives; (ii) reasonably determine, based on that information, that transactions in penny stocks are suitable
for the investor and that the investor has sufficient knowledge and experience as to be reasonably capable of evaluating the risks of
penny stock transactions; (iii) provide the investor with a written statement setting forth the basis on which the broker-dealer made
the determination in (ii) above; and (iv) receive a signed and dated copy of such statement from the investor, confirming that it accurately
reflects the investor s financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives. Compliance with these requirements
may make it more difficult and time consuming for holders of our common stock to resell their shares to third parties or to otherwise
dispose of them in the market or otherwise. In addition, clearing firms, which hold retail accounts dislike penny stocks and through
extra compliance efforts and costs they impose, make it hard to sell penny stocks. 

We
may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve from the Spin-Off. 

We
believe that, as an independent publicly-traded company, we will be able to, among other things, better focus our financial and operational
resources on our specific business, implement and maintain a capital structure designed to meet our specific needs, design and implement
corporate strategies and policies that are targeted to our business, more effectively respond to industry dynamics and create effective
incentives for our management and employees that are more closely tied to our business performance. Further, we expect that the Spin-Off
will assist us in complying with certain requirements to have our securities listed on a national securities exchange operated by The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq or the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). However, we may fail to achieve these
goals or realize these benefits, and could also face adverse consequences, such as being more susceptible to market fluctuations and
have less support from Ecoark who will no longer be a principal stockholder following the Spin-Off. We have been advised that unless
we complete a 40 million public offering, we cannot seek to be listed on Nasdaq or the NYSE until following our fiscal year ended March
31, 2024. In addition, we may be unable to uplist our securities in the time we intend, if at all. The completion of the Spin-Off will
also require significant amounts of our management s and other personnel s time and effort, which may divert their attention
away from operating and growing our business. 

Until
the Spin-Off occurs, the Ecoark Board of Directors has sole discretion to change the terms of the Spin-Off in ways that may be unfavorable
to us. 

Until
the Spin-Off occurs, Ecoark will remain a prospective principal stockholder pending conversion of the Series A, which will occur after
the effectiveness date of the Registration Statement. Completion of the Spin-Off remains subject to the discretion of Ecoark, including
approval by the Ecoark Board of Directors. Additionally, Ecoark has the discretion to change the terms of the Spin-Off, including the
ratio, which changes could be unfavorable to us or our stockholders, or the security holders of Ecoark. In addition, Ecoark may decide
at any time prior to the completion of the Spin-Off not to proceed with the Spin-Off. Our senior management is remaining as Ecoark s
senior management in order to protect the Ecoark stockholders entitled to the stock dividend. 

43 

Our
Board of Directors may issue and fix the terms of shares of our preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could adversely affect
the voting power of holders of our common stock or any change in control of our Company. 

Subject
to existing and outstanding series of preferred stock, including the Series A and the Series C Preferred Stock (the Series C ),
our Articles of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock, with 0.0001
par value per share, with such designation rights and preferences as may be determined from time-to-time by the Company s Board.
Subject to the terms of our outstanding securities, our Board is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue shares of preferred
stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of
the holders of our common stock. In the event of such issuances, the preferred stock could be used, under certain circumstances, as a
method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of our Company. For example, the Company has a single authorized share
of Series B Preferred Stock (the Series B which, if issued, is entitled to vote with the Company s common stock
as a single class on any matter brought before the stockholders, and the Series B is entitled to a number of votes equal to the greater
of (A) 100,000,000 votes, or (B) 50.1 of the Company s voting power as of the applicable date of determination. The Series B,
which will be automatically cancelled upon the Company applying to have its common stock listed on a national securities exchange, was
established to ward off any hostile takeover and may be issued by our Board at any time. 

The
future issuance of equity or of debt securities that are convertible into, or exercisable for common stock and the common stock issuable
under the Series C and Warrants, will place selling pressure on the market price for our common stock as well as affecting our ability
to raise capital in the future. 

From
October 2022 through April 2023 we issued the Series C and warrants in a private placement offering, referred to in this Report as the
 PIPE Offering. In December 2022 we issued a Senior Secured Convertible Note in another private placement transaction, and
pursuant to their terms these securities are convertible or exercisable for shares of our common stock, with conversion or exercise features
that are subject to adjustment including based on our stock price and/or new issuances of common stock or common stock equivalents. The
December 2022 Note has a principal value of 1,666,667 and is convertible at the lower of (i) 1.00 per share and (ii) the average of
the five-closing prices of the common stock immediately prior to the date of conversion. Assuming the 1.00 conversion price applies,
the Note is convertible into 1,666,667 shares. In addition, in December 2022 we issued 1,666,667 shares to an affiliate of the lender
pursuant to a Consulting Agreement. 

Each
of the December 2022 issuances came with registration rights entitling the recipients to have their shares registered for resale on a
registration statement. In addition, in connection with the above-described transactions we agreed to certain obligations, including
repayment obligations and restrictive covenants, that may hinder our ability to raise capital or execute our business plan and strategic
growth initiatives in the future. 

44 

In
addition to the 2022 and more recent transactions, we may choose to raise additional capital in the future, depending on market conditions,
strategic considerations and operational requirements. To the extent that additional capital is raised through the issuance of shares
or other securities convertible into, or exercisable for, shares of common stock, our stockholders will be diluted. Future issuances
of our common stock or other equity securities, or the perception that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market
price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through future offerings of equity or equity-linked securities. For
example, we may grant registration rights similar to those given to the selling stockholders under the Registration Statement resulting
in the Company s filing a registration statement for future investors. Accordingly, the adverse market and price pressures resulting
from an offering pursuant to a registration statement may continue for an extended period of time and continued negative pressure on
the market price of our common stock could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise additional equity capital. 

We
have not paid cash dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future, so any return on investment may be limited
to the value of our common stock. 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends
on our common stock will depend on earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us at such time as
our Board of Directors (the Board may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable
because a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation contain certain provisions which may result in difficulty in bringing stockholder actions against or on behalf
of the Company or its affiliates. 

Section
7 of our Articles of Incorporation provide that the internal affairs of the Company, including stockholder derivative actions, shall
be brought exclusively in state courts located in Nevada. To the extent that any such action asserts a claim under the Exchange Act,
that provision must be brought in federal court. Section 7 also provides that the United States federal courts generally shall have exclusive
jurisdiction over claims brought under the Securities Act, the effect of which is that an action under the Securities Act with respect
to the Company may only be brought in the federal courts, whereas absent such provision the federal and state courts would otherwise
have concurrent jurisdiction over such a matter. Any claim seeking relief under the Exchange Act may only be brought in federal court.
Further, Section 7 also provides for the United States District Court for the District of Nevada as the exclusive venue for any cause
of action under either the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, meaning such federal court is the only court in which such a case may
be brought and heard. Similarly, Section 5.7 of the Securities Purchase Agreement governing the Warrants being offered hereby provides
that matters arising thereunder shall be brought exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in Clark County, Nevada. This Section
5.7 does not apply to actions seeking relief under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. These provisions may have the effect of precluding
stockholders from bringing suit in their forum or venue of choice. Further, these provisions may give rise to a potential ambiguity as
to which courts state or federal should preside over certain cases such as cases with overlapping claims under both state
corporate law and the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. While the Supreme Court of Delaware has upheld a charter
provision designating federal courts as the exclusive forum for actions brought under the Securities Act, it is unclear how a court in
another jurisdiction, including Nevada, might rule. Therefore, an investor seeking to bring a claim against or on behalf of the Company
or its affiliates under Nevada law or the federal securities laws may be forced to litigate their case in a court which poses geographic
or other hardships, and could face uncertainty as to which jurisdiction and venue the case will ultimately be heard in, which may delay,
prevent or impose additional obstacles on the investor in such litigation. Investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and there is uncertainty as to whether a state or federal court would enforce this charter
provision. 

45 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

Headquarters 

The
Company currently leases a small office space in Fayetteville, Arkansas for its headquarters. Our senior executive officers and most
of our employees and consultants work remotely and/or in the field. 

Oil
and Gas Properties 

As
of March 31, 2023, our oil and gas acreage was comprised of approximately 30,000 cumulative acres of active mineral leases in Louisiana
and Mississippi. We have reflected below our reserves as of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 FY 2023 and the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2022 FY 2022 ). During these periods and continuing presently, we continue to focus on expanding our
exploration and production footprint and capabilities by acquiring real property and working interests in oil and gas mineral leases
and drilling exploratory wells. 

The
Company has received an analysis from an independent petroleum consulting company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. We have impaired certain
reserves on our oil and gas properties when necessary pursuant to our full cost ceiling test calculations. 

The
following is an overview of our oil and gas properties portfolio in Louisiana and Mississippi: 

Louisiana
properties 

- 
 Coochie
 Oil Field 

- 
 Five
 Mile Bayou Oil Field 

- 
 Lake
 Ophelia Oil Field 

- 
 Lake
 St John Oil Field 

- 
 North
 Bayou Jack Oil Field 

- 
 Tew
 Lake Oil Field 

46 

Mississippi
properties: 

- 
 Henry
 Oil Field 

- 
 Horseshoe
 Lake Oil Field 

- 
 Pearl
 River Oil Field 

- 
 Thanksgiving
 Oil Field 

Key
Terms and Metrics 

In
connection with the management of our businesses, we identify, measure and assess a variety of operating metrics. The principal metrics
we use in managing our business are set forth below: 

Bbl 
 Bbl means barrel of crude oil. Metric used by management to specify the unit of measure in barrels from which
the Company s midstream customers use to incrementally purchase oil from the Company. Barrels are used as a unit of measure universally
across the oil industry so the Company s adoption of barrels to measure units of oil is a standard practice. 

Mbbl 
 Mbbl means a thousand barrels of oil. See comments on Bbl metric. Mbbl is a standard for measuring
larger quantities of barrels of oil in thousands of units. 

Production
(Gross) Production (Gross) is defined as barrels of oil produced before accounting for working interests from non-mineral
owning parties. Metric used by management to specify the total number of barrels of oil produced from a given oil well. Gross production
includes both the barrels owned by the oil and gas mineral owners as well as the drilling and investing group who funded and drilled
the well which are considered the working interest owners. Gross production is a standard term used universally across the oil industry,
so the Company s adoption of this term is a standard practice. 

Production
(Net) Production (Net) is defined as the net barrels of oil produced after deducting the ownership portion owned by the
mineral owning parties. Unless otherwise specified, management assumes that the mineral ownership portion of a well is 25 , so a 100 
working interest would result in a 75 Net Production or Net Revenue interest after accounting for the ownership portion of oil production
owned by the mineral owners. 

Oil
and Natural Gas Reserves 

As
of March 31, 2023 and 2022, all of our proved oil and natural gas reserves were located in the United States, specifically in Mississippi
and Louisiana. 

The
following tables set forth summary information with respect to the proved reserves as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. All reserves are located
in the United Stated. For additional information see Supplemental Information Oil and Gas Producing Activities (Unaudited) 
to our consolidated financial statements in the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data contained in this report. 

47 

Proved
reserves as of March 31, 2023: 

Reserve Category 
 Crude Oil (Bbl) 
 Natural Gas (MMcf) 
 Total Proved (BOE) (1) 
 
 Proved Reserves 

Developed 
 35,597 
 - 
 35,597 
 
 Developed Non-Producing 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Undeveloped 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total Proved Reserves 
 35,597 
 - 
 35,597 

Estimated Future Net Cash Flows (2) 

1,695,467 
 
 Less: Future income taxes (3) 

- 
 
 10 annual discount for estimated timing of cash flows 

(410,290 

Discounted Future Net Cash Flows (4) 

1,285,177 

(1) 
 BOE (barrels of oil equivalent) is calculated by a ratio of 6 cubic feet
of volume (Mcf) to 1 barrel (Bbl) of oil. 

(2) 
 Prices
 used for net cash flow are based on the 12 month average of the WTI Cushing price reference. An average realized price of 93.07/Bbl was
 utilized which reflects the adjustments to the benchmark prices for gravity, quality, local conditions, and/or distance from market. 

(3) 
 The
 Company has sufficient tax deductions and allowances related to proved oil and gas reserves to offset future net revenues. 

(4) 
 Represents
 the present value of future net cash flows discounted at 10 attributable to our proved oil and natural gas reserves. 

Proved
reserves as of March 31, 2022: 

Reserve Category 
 Crude Oil (Bbl) 
 Natural Gas (MMcf) 
 Total Proved (BOE) (1) 
 
 Proved Reserves 

Developed 
 169,688 
 - 
 169,688 
 
 Developed Non-Producing 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Undeveloped 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total Proved Reserves 
 169,688 
 - 
 169,688 

Estimated Future Net Cash Flows (2) 

5,367,705 
 
 Less: Future income taxes (3) 

- 
 
 10 annual discount for estimated timing of cash flows 

(1,822,233 

Discounted Future Net Cash Flows (4) 

3,545,472 

(1) 
 BOE
 (barrels of oil equivalent) is calculated by a ratio of 6 Mcf to 1 barrel (Bbl) of oil. 

48 

(2) 
 Prices
 used for net cash flow are based on the 12 month average of the first-day-of-the-month West Texas Intermediate (WTI) Cushing price
 reference. An average realized price of 75.44/Bbl was utilized, which reflects the adjustments to the benchmark prices for gravity,
 quality, local conditions, and/or distance from market. 

(3) 
 The
 Company has sufficient tax deductions and allowances related to proved oil and gas reserves to offset future net revenues. 

(4) 
 Represents
 the present value of future net cash flows discounted at 10 attributable to our proved oil and natural gas reserves. 

Reconciliation
of PV-10 to the Standardized Measure 

The
Company does not expect to be taxable or pay cash income taxes based on its available net operating loss NOL carryforwards
and additional net tax assets generated in the development of its reserves. As such, the standardized measure does not include an income
tax provision thus the PV-10 amount is the same as the standardized measure. 

PV-10
is the estimated present value of the future net revenues from our estimated proved natural gas and oil reserves before income taxes
discounted using a 10 discount rate. PV-10 is considered a non-GAAP financial measure under SEC regulations because it does not include
the effects of future income taxes, as is required in computing the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows. We believe
that PV-10 is an important measure that can be used to evaluate the relative significance of our oil and gas properties and that PV-10
is widely used by securities analysts and investors when evaluating oil and gas companies. Because many factors that are unique to each
individual company impact the amount of future income taxes to be paid, the use of a pre-tax measure provides greater comparability of
assets when evaluating companies. We believe that most other companies in the oil and gas industry calculate PV-10 on the same basis
as the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows but without deducting income taxes. 

49 

The
following table presents certain information with respect to oil and natural gas production attributable to our interests in all of our
properties in the United States, the reserve derived from the sale of such production, average sales price received and average production
costs for FY 2023 and FY 2022. 

Units of Measure 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Production 

Oil 

Bayou Jack North Field, Avoyelles Co, LA 
 Barrels 
 9,650 
 
 Lake St. John Field, Tensas Parish, LA 
 Barrels 
 2,171 
 
 Coochie Field, Concordia Co, LA 
 Barrels 
 579 
 
 Other Fields 
 Barrels 
 30 

Natural Gas 
 Mcf 
 - 
 
 BOE 
 
 12,430 

Sales 

Oil 
 Barrels 
 11,109 
 
 Natural Gas 
 Mcf 
 - 

Average Sales Price 

Oil 
 Barrels 
 93.07 
 
 Natural Gas 
 Mcf 
 - 

Production Lease Operating Expenses 
 
 770,133 

Average Cost of Production per BOE 
 
 61.96 

Units of Measure 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Production 

Oil 

Bayou Jack North Field, Avoyelles Co, LA 
 Barrels 
 27,641 
 
 Henry Field, Wilkinson Co, MS 
 Barrels 
 10,556 
 
 Pearl River Field, Amite Co, MS 
 Barrels 
 5,540 
 
 Tew Lake -88 Field, Catahoula Co, LA 
 Barrels 
 4,186 
 
 Other Fields 
 Barrels 
 16,362 

Natural Gas 
 Mcf 
 - 
 
 BOE 
 
 64,285 

Sales 

Oil 
 Barrels 
 64,474 
 
 Natural Gas 
 Mcf 
 - 

Average Sales Price 

Oil 
 Barrels 
 75.55 
 
 Natural Gas 
 Mcf 
 - 

Production Lease Operating Expenses 
 
 1,412,093 

Average Cost of Production per BOE 
 
 21.97 

50 

Technologies
Used in Establishing Proved Reserves Additions in 2023 and 2022 

Additions
to the Company s proved reserves in 2023 and 2022 were based on estimates generated through the integration of available and appropriate
geological, engineering and production data, utilizing well-established technologies that have been demonstrated in the field to yield
repeatable and consistent results. 

Data
used in these integrated assessments included information obtained directly from the subsurface via wellbores, such as well logs, reservoir
core samples, fluid samples, static and dynamic pressure information, production test data, and surveillance and performance information.
The data utilized also included subsurface information obtained through indirect measurements including high-quality 3-D and 4-D seismic
data, calibrated with available well control information. The tools used to interpret the data included seismic processing software,
reservoir modeling and simulation software, and data analysis packages. 

In
some circumstances, where appropriate analog reservoirs were available, reservoir parameters from these analogs were used to increase
the quality of and confidence in the reserves estimates. 

Qualifications
of Reserves Technical Oversight Group and Internal Controls over Proved Reserves 

The
Company has a team that provides technical oversight and is separate from the operating organization. Primary responsibilities of this
team include oversight of the reserves estimation process for compliance with the SEC rules and regulations, review of annual changes
in reserves estimates, and the reporting of the Company s proved reserves. This team also maintains the official company reserves
estimates for the Company s proved reserves of crude oil, natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil, and natural gas. In addition,
the team provides training to personnel involved in the reserves estimation and reporting process within the Company and its affiliates.
The manager of the team has more than 20 years of experience in reservoir engineering and reserves assessment. The team is also staffed
with individuals that have technical experience in the petroleum industry, including expertise in the classification and categorization
of reserves under SEC guidelines. 

The
team maintains a central database containing the official company reserves estimates. Appropriate controls, including limitations on
database access and update capabilities, are in place to ensure data integrity within this central database. An annual review of the
system s controls is done by our finance staff in developing representations under Sarbanes-Oxley. Key components of the reserves
estimation process include technical evaluations, commercial and market assessments, and analysis of well and field performance. No changes
may be made to the reserves estimates in the central database, including additions of any new initial reserves estimates or subsequent
revisions, unless these changes have been thoroughly reviewed and evaluated by duly authorized geoscience and engineering professionals
within the operating organization. In addition, changes to reserves estimates that exceed certain thresholds require further review and
approval by the appropriate level of management within the operating organization before the changes may be made in the central database. 

51 

Drilling
and other exploratory activities 

During
FY 2023, we undertook three drilling program in Holmes County, MS, Concordia Parish, LA and Rankin County. MS. We entered into several
Participation Agreements with third parties to pay for the drilling costs related to these projects. In total we received 5,151,262
and are due an additional 2,518,990. 

During
FY 2022, we undertook very minor drilling and exploratory activities that were nominal in terms of costs incurred. We drilled two net
productive development wells in FY 2022, and no exploratory wells. 

Present
activities 

The
Company is assessing all of its properties at the present time to determine any future drilling activities to commence. 

Delivery
commitments 

The
Company is not currently committed to provide a fixed and determinable quantity of oil and gas in the near future under existing contracts
or agreements. 

Productive
Wells 

The
following table sets forth the number of wells in our inventory, in which we maintained a working interest as of March 31, 2023. All
of the wells with the exception of the plugged and abandoned wells and the inactive dry-hole well are mechanically capable of producing
with proper funding that will enable the Company to afford additional capital expenditures. 

Well Category: 
 Oil 
 Oil 

Gross Wells 
 Net Wells 
 
 Active Producer 
 8 
 3 
 
 Inactive Producer 
 45 
 9 
 
 Inactive dry-hole 
 1 
 - 
 
 Shut-In 
 3 
 1 
 
 Plugged Abandoned 
 3 
 - 
 
 Active Salt Water Disposal (SWD) 
 8 
 - 
 
 Inactive SWD 
 - 
 - 
 
 Pending completion 
 1 
 1 

69 
 14 

As
of March 31, 2023, we have approximately 34,082 total acres. Of the total acres, we have 23,269 gross developed acres, 10,813 gross undeveloped
acres, 5,817 net developed acres, and 2,703 net undeveloped acres. We had no gas wells as of March 31, 2023. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From
time-to-time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. As
of the date of this Report, other than the following paragraphs, we are not aware of any pending or threatened lawsuits that could
reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the results of our operations. 

The Company is a party to two separate matters in
the United States District Court, Western District of Louisiana (Alexandria Division) from December 30, 2021. The matters allege that
the Company acted in bad faith, and the plaintiffs seek to recover all proceeds from the Company on the sale of production without deducting
any costs. The two cases combined total 299,032 in estimated production. These cases are still in the early stages and Management has concluded that there is a remote possibility of the plaintiff
securing a favorable outcome and has not accrued for these amounts. The Company maintains that their costs on the leases in question exceed the proceeds received
from the sale of production. 

The Company is the operator of leases that relate
to a matter in the 7 th Judicial District Court, Concordia Parish, Louisiana from September 2021. The Company received a verbal
demand to plug wells that have no future utility in Concordia Parish to avoid being named in a lawsuit. In August 2022, the plaintiff
filed the lawsuit which did not name the Company because it had performed certain work, including the plugging and abandonment of a well,
removal of certain equipment and upgrades at one of its tank battery facilities on the property. Moreover, the Company executed a tolling
agreement that suspended the statute of limitations, which has been amended twice and currently expires in October 2023. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

52 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock issued is quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol WTRV. On June 15, 2023, the last reported sale price of our
common stock on the OTCQB was 1.15. 

We
have applied to have our Warrants traded on the OTCQB under the symbol WTRVW. 

Stockholders 

As
of June 15, 2023, there were 136 holders of record of our common stock. A total of 852,643 shares of common stock are held in street
name and are held by additional beneficial owners. 

Dividends 

We
have never paid a cash dividend on our common stock since inception. The payment of dividends may be made at the discretion of our Board,
and will depend upon, but not limited to, our operations, capital requirements, and overall financial condition and compliance with Nevada
law. 

We
do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will
depend on earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting it at such time as the Board may consider relevant.
We intend to follow a policy of retaining all of our earnings to finance the development and execution of our strategy and the expansion
of our business. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will occur only
if our stock price appreciates. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

None.

53 

ITEM
6. RESERVED. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Overview 

White
River operates in the oil and gas industry, with a focus on exploration, production and drilling operations on approximately 30,000 cumulative
acres of active mineral leases in Louisiana and Mississippi. 

In
FY 2023 and FY 2022, the following key aspects of our business advanced and developments occurred: 

On
July 25, 2022 the Company purchased 100 of the capital stock of White River Holdings from Ecoark in exchange for 1,200 shares of Series
A which will become convertible into approximately 42,253,521 shares of the Company s common stock upon the effective date of the
Form S-1 Registration Statement. As a result of this acquisition, we shifted our focus to operating as an oil and gas exploration and
drilling company. Since the accounting for this transaction was in the form of a reverse merger with White River Holdings being the accounting
acquirer, this share issuance was reflected retroactively. The results of operation are those of the accounting acquirer, White River
Holdings; 

In
 September 2022, the Company divested the two former operating subsidiaries of Fortium Holdings Corp., Norr and Elysian, to focus
 exclusively on the oil and gas business; 

In
 FY 2023 the Company obtained additional drilling rigs to enhance its equipment portfolio, which as a result now consists of three
 drilling rigs and three workover rigs; 

The
 Company commenced the following projects: (i) the Harry O Neal No. 20-9 No.1 well, a deep vertical oil well in
 Holmes County, Mississippi (ii) the Peabody AMI 12 A No. 18 well, a deep vertical well in the Blackhawk oil field in Concordia Parish,
 Louisiana, and (iii) the Denmiss No. 1 well, a deep vertical well in the Pisgah oil field in Rankin County, Mississippi; 

In
 November 2022, the Company launched the Fund which is used in White River drilling projects and managed by the Company s management; 

In
 December 2022, as amended in May 2023, the Company borrowed 1,500,000 in gross proceeds and issued the lender a 10 Original Issue
 Discount Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 1,666,666.67; 

54 

In
 November 2022 through March 2023, the Company entered into Participation Agreements pursuant to which the Company received 5,151,262
 in gross proceeds which were or are being used to drill the wells; and 

During
 the period October 2022 through April 2023, the Company sold a total of 263.1126308 Units, with each Unit consisting of one share
 of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series C and one Warrant to purchase 200 of the shares of common stock
 underlying the Series C, for a purchase price of 25,000 per Unit and resulting in total gross proceeds to the Company of 6,577,816.
 This amount includes 11.6 units 290,000) of investments for which the deposit has not been made as of yet. The proceeds are being
 used for working capital and general corporate purposes including oil and gas drilling on the Company s working interests in
 Louisiana and Mississippi. 

As
 of March 31, 2023, the Company impaired the remaining goodwill from the White River Holdings acquisition of 2,100,374 and reduced
 the value of its oil and gas reserves by 5,487,665. Previously, as of July 25, 2022, the Company impaired 5,917,843 of the goodwill
 from the acquisition. All of these charges were non-cash. 

For
an overview of key developments during FY 2023 and FY 2022 as well as more recent developments and plans for the Company and its operations,
see Item 1. Business. 

Production
Data FY 2023 and FY 2022 

The
following tables set forth our production data for FY 2023 and FY 2022: 

Years Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Bbls 
 Bbls 

Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 
 
 Production Data: 

By State/County 

Mississippi 

Holmes 
 2 
 1 
 1,838 
 1,378 
 
 Amite 
 - 
 - 
 12,054 
 9,629 
 
 Wilkinson 
 591 
 7 
 13,619 
 10,560 
 
 Pike 
 - 
 - 
 1,327 
 1,019 

593 
 8 
 28,838 
 22,586 

Louisiana 

Catahoula 
 - 
 - 
 5,534 
 4,186 
 
 Concordia 
 3,877 
 1,053 
 8,626 
 4,407 
 
 Tensas 
 2,398 
 1,719 
 3,209 
 2,407 
 
 Lasalle 
 - 
 - 
 609 
 330 
 
 Avoyelles 
 19,915 
 9,650 
 44,558 
 30,371 

26,190 
 12,422 
 62,536 
 41,701 

Total 
 26,783 
 12,430 
 91,374 
 64,287 

55 

Results
of Operations 

Results
of Operations for FY 2023 compared to FY 2022 

White River Holdings has included in their historical
consolidated financial statements certain operating expenses and other income (expense) from Ecoark that have been allocated to them in
the year ended March 31, 2022which are part of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The allocations represented charges incurred
by Ecoark for certain corporate, infrastructure and shared services expenses, including legal, human resources, payroll, finance and accounting,
employee benefits, insurance, information technology, telecommunications, treasury, and other expenses. Where possible, these charges
were allocated based on direct usage, with the remainder allocated on a pro rata basis of headcount, asset, or other allocation methodologies
that are considered to be a reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided or the benefit received by the Company during
the periods presented pursuant to SAB Topic 1.B.1. The allocations may not, however, reflect the expense White River Holdings would have
incurred as a standalone company for the periods presented. These costs also may not be indicative of the expenses that White River Holdings
will incur in the future or would have incurred if White River Holdings had obtained these services from a third party. 

Revenues 

Revenues for FY 2023 of 1,103,975 compared to FY
2022 of 5,046,559, with the decrease primarily related to sales of oil and gas properties in FY
2023 which exceeded the higher average oil prices from FY 2022, resulting in overall lower production in FY 2023 . Specifically,
White River incurred a 10 decline in year-over-year oil production between FY 2023 and FY 2022 primarily due to a decline in the production
from the Deshotel 24H #1 oil well arising from a normal decline curve from its initial 2021 completion date as well as operational problems
related to paraffin build-up which resulted in the well being offline for a portion of FY 2023. The remainder of the variance in year-over-year
revenue relates to the assignment of a number of White River wells which were assigned to Third Arm LLC, a related party in exchange for
 999,999. Many of these transferred wells were end-of-life oil wells which would have required significant workover procedures to be performed
to bring the wells back online. 

We expect our revenues to increase in our next fiscal year as a result
of the three drilling projects we expect to complete in early FY 2024. 

Costs
and Expenses 

The
following table shows costs and expenses for FY 2023 and FY 2022: 

FY 2023 
 FY 2022 
 
 Costs and Expenses 

Lease operating expenses 
 770,133 
 1,412,093 
 
 Salaries and salaries related costs 
 6,012,156 
 2,027,255 
 
 Professional and consulting fees 
 3,205,896 
 324,739 
 
 Selling, general and administrative costs 
 6,314,683 
 3,993,193 
 
 Settlement expense 
 2,071,917 
 - 
 
 Impairment - goodwill 
 8,018,217 
 - 
 
 Depreciation, amortization, depletion, accretion and impairment 
 6,188,303 
 6,218,183 

32,581,305 
 13,975,443 

56 

Costs and expenses in FY 2023 totaled 32,581,305 compared to 13,975,443
for FY 2022. The significant increases from FY 2022 to FY 2023 were the result of non-cash impairment of our oil and gas reserves of 5,487,665,
impairment of goodwill of 8,018,217 in FY 2023, stock-based compensation of 3,167,772 (included in salaries and salaries related costs),
 2,071,917 in costs associated with a settlement agreement entered into during FY 2023 and professional fees incurred in FY 2023 related
to the merger with Fortium Holdings and related regulatory filings. 

We
expect our costs and expenses to increase in our current fiscal year ending March 31, 2024 as a result of increased drilling
projects as well as anticipated increases in stock-based compensation related to the granted RSUs on December 2, 2022, The Company
is currently incurring material start-up costs related to the roll-out of both its Fund and the acquisition of its broker-dealer
which are expected to cost approximately 4,000,000 over the next 12 months on a cash basis and also include equity grants which
could cost approximately 7,500,000 in non-cash equity compensation over the next five years due to stock grant vesting terms. The
Company, however, expects to realize significantly more than that in allowable commission revenue over the next 12 months as these
functions are expected to raise between 50,000,000 and 200,000,000 in drilling capital for the Company prior to December 31, 2023
based on the offering sizes of Fund and a larger investment partnership the Company plans to launch on October 1, 2023. The
significant cost relates to salaries, benefits and equity grants to two new key securities salesmen the Company recently hired to
spearhead capital raising for the Fund and future funds. The salaries and related share-based compensation to the two individuals are expected to add approximately 5,300,000 in FY
2024. See Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance for a description of the compensation arrangements. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

The
following table shows other income (expense) for FY 2023 and FY 2022: 

FY 2023 
 FY 2022 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 2,745,309 
 2,954,109 
 
 Derivative expense 
 (12,304,724 
 - 
 
 Amortization of original issue discount 
 (60,636 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discount on convertible note 
 (336,151 
 - 
 
 Amortization of discount on Series C Preferred Stock 
 (1,341,362 
 - 
 
 Loss on sale of fixed assets 
 - 
 (885,796 
 
 Interest expense, net of interest income 
 (84,581 
 (62,182 

(11,382,145 
 2,006,131 

Total
other expense was 11,382,145) in FY 2023 compared to other income of 2,006,131 in FY 2022. The decrease was primarily the
derivative expense related to the warrants issued in connection with the Series C offering for 12,304,724. The amortization of debt discount, non-cash original issue discount on the convertible note and
amortization of discount related to the Series C preferred stock increased our other expenses in FY 2023. The Company will incur additional amortization of discounts related to their Series C preferred stock for the additional
proceeds received in FY 2024. 

Net
Loss 

Net
loss from continuing operations for FY 2023 was 42,859,475 as compared to net loss from continuing operations of 6,922,753 for FY 2022.
The increase in net loss was primarily due to the items discussed herein. Approximately 73 of loss from operations was from non-cash
charges including depreciation, amortization, impairment, depletion and accretion in FY 2023, compared to approximately 76 in FY 2022. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Liquidity
is the ability of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate
on an ongoing basis. Significant factors in the management of liquidity are revenue generated from operations, levels of accounts receivable
and accounts payable and capital expenditures. 

57 

FY
2023 and FY 2022 

Net
cash (used in) operating activities was (7,682,624) for FY 2023, as compared to net cash (used in) operating activities of 475,519)
for FY 2022. Cash used in operating activities for FY 2022 was primarily caused by White River Holdings net loss partially offset by
adjustments including depreciation, amortization, depletion and accretion, share-based compensation, bad debt expenses and losses on
the sale of fixed assets and disposal or abandonment of oil and gas properties as well as amounts allocated from Ecoark and changes in
amounts due to Ecoark. In FY 2023, the net cash used in operating activities was caused by the net loss offset by non-cash items such
as depreciation, depletion, impairment, stock-based compensation, derivative expense and the change in fair value of the derivative liability
as well as the net changes in our assets and liabilities that yielded an offset to the loss of approximately 4.2 million. 

Net
cash (used in) investing activities for FY 2023 was (4,114,759) compared to net cash provided for investing activities of 585,774 for
FY 2022. In FY 2023, the cash used in investing activities primarily related to purchases of oil and gas properties, net of asset retirement
obligations, and purchases of fixed assets, offset by sales of oil and gas properties. Net cash provided by investing activities in FY
2022 were comprised of proceeds from the sale of oil and gas properties as we sold various leases that had large plugging liabilities,
partially offset by purchases of oil and gas properties, net of asset retirement obligations. 

In
FY 2023, net cash provided by financing activities was 12,374,123 related to proceeds received from related party advances and convertible notes, our Series C Preferred
Stock, sales of limited partnership interests in the Fund and amounts provided by Ecoark, offset by repayment of long-term debt and related
party notes, partially offset by an increase in cash overdraft. Net cash (used in) financing activities for FY 2022 was (109,618) arising
from a decrease in cash overdraft. 

Available
Cash 

As
of June 13, 2023, the Company has approximately 318,371 in cash and cash equivalents. 

The
Company does not have available cash resources to meet its working capital needs for the next 12 months. We are relying upon the future
results of our two new key executives in selling Fund units which in turn will, if successful, raise substantial capital for the Fund
and at some point eliminate our need to pay their salaries since the commissions payable to them will eliminate the Company s obligation.
The Company recently executed a selling agreement with a managing broker-dealer which is currently performing diligence and making amendments
to the offering materials for the Fund. We expect our new executives will launch selling the Fund this summer. The Company has several
receivables from external parties such as Ault Energy which are also expected to be a source of capital for the Company. Finally, the
Company is exploring various forms of debt financing which could serve as a bridge financing to help White River sustain operations until
the broker-dealer or investment bank are able to raise capital for the Company. 

The Company will continue to require additional capital from either the Fund or from other sources to assist in their operations and drilling projects. The raising of additional funds may be in terms that
continue to dilute the current shareholders. 

PIPE
Offering 

From
October 19, 2022 through April 30 2023, the Company raised a total of 6,287,816 in the PIPE Offering. In addition, the Company sold
another 11.6 units 290,000) to investors, for which the deposit has not been made yet. The net proceeds from the PIPE Offering, after
offering expenses and related costs, are being used for working capital and general corporate purposes including oil and gas drilling
on the Company s working interests in Louisiana and Mississippi. 

Convertible
Note Financing 

On
December 20, 2022, the Company entered into a SPA with an accredited investor (the Purchaser whereby the Purchaser lent
the Company an aggregate of 1,500,000 in gross proceeds and the Company issued the Purchaser a 10 Original Issue Discount Senior Secured
Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 1,666,667.67 (the Note ). The proceeds are being used for both working
capital and growth capital. 

58 

Pursuant
to the SPA, the Company, its direct and indirect subsidiaries, and Jay Puchir and Randy May, executive officers of the Company, entered
into Guarantee Agreements (the Guarantee with the Purchaser pursuant to which each subsidiary and Messrs. Puchir and May
personally guaranteed to the Purchaser the payment of the Note. In addition, Messrs. Puchir and May pledged the shares of common stock
they hold or have the right to acquire in the Spin-Off as collateral to secure the Company s obligations under the Note, and each
individual also executed affidavits of confession and lock-up agreements to that effect. The affidavits of confession signed by Messrs.
Puchir and May in connection with their Guarantees will permit the Purchaser to obtain a judgment against them personally upon the occurrence
of an event of default without having to file a lawsuit. 

The
Note is due September 16, 2023. The Note bears interest at a rate of 12 per annum, payable monthly, subject to an increase to 18 per
annum in case of an event of default as provided for therein. In addition, all overdue accrued and unpaid principal and interest is subject
to a late fee at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 18 per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law which if applicable
accrues daily from the date such principal and interest is due. 

The
Note is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at any time following the issuance date at the Purchaser s
option at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) 1.00 per share and (ii) the average of the five-closing prices of the common
stock immediately prior to the date of conversion, subject to certain adjustments (including based on the issuance of lower priced securities)
and beneficial ownership limitations. Upon an event of default, the Purchaser may convert the Note at a reduced conversion price equal
to 70 of the lowest closing price of the common stock for the 10 prior trading days. 

Under
the Note, beginning on April 16, 2023 the Company is required to pay monthly redemption amounts equal to one-fourth of the original principal
amount at 120 of such principal amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest and any other amounts outstanding under the Note, with each
payment resulting in a reduction in the principal of the Note at 100 (as compared to 120 ). Furthermore, at any time after the issuance
date of the Note, the Company may, after written notice to the Purchaser, prepay the Note in an amount equal to 120 of the then outstanding
principal amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest and any other amounts outstanding under the Note. The Company will also be required
to offer to pay the Note at 120 of the principal amount plus any unpaid accrued interest, upon the occurrence of certain events including
(i) a change of control or sale of assets, (ii) a sale by the Company of equity or debt securities for gross proceeds to the Company
of at least 5 million, and (iii) upon the maturity of the Note. Certain of the foregoing terms of the Note were subsequently amended in
May 2023 as described below. The Company paid its first principal and interest payment on time totaling
 516,667.00 on April 17, 2023, and the Note is currently in good standing. 

The
Note is secured by the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Note provides for certain events of default, including failure
to pay amounts owing on the Note when due, failure to observe other covenants or obligations under the Note, default under any other
indebtedness or material contract, a bankruptcy event with respect to the Company or a significant subsidiary, failure to maintain listing
or quotation of the common stock on a trading market, failure to maintain the current public information requirement under Rule 144,
and a judgment or similar process against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or assets in excess of 100,000. Upon an event of default,
the Purchaser may cause the Note to become immediately due and payable and require the Company to pay 125 of the then outstanding principal
amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest and any other amounts outstanding under the Note. 

59 

Further,
pursuant to the Note the Company is subject to certain restrictive covenants, including covenants against incurring new indebtedness
or liens on its assets, paying cash dividends or distributions on any equity securities, or entering into transactions with affiliates,
subject to certain exceptions. In addition, under the Note the Company agreed to at all times reserve three times the number of shares
of common stock into which the Note is convertible. 

In
addition, pursuant to the SPA, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with each Purchaser in which the Purchasers are
entitled to piggyback registration rights, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to include the underlying shares of
Common Stock from the conversion of the Note in a registration statement, if the Company files a registration statement for another purpose,
subject to certain terms and conditions. 

On
May 10, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment with the holder of the 10 Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible Note dated
December 16, 2022, and the designated counterparty under that certain Letter Agreement dated December 16, 2022 pursuant to which the
Note and Consulting Agreement were amended as follows: (A) with respect to the Note, (i) the monthly redemption payment obligation was
eliminated, (ii) the mandatory prepayment amount with respect to principal was increased from 120 to 127.5 , or 2,125,000, (iii) the
mandatory default amount with respect to principal was increased from 125 to 132.5 , or 2,208,333.34; and (iv) the optional redemption
amount with respect to principal was increased from 120 to 127.5 , or 2,125,000; and (B) with respect to the Consulting Agreement,
an additional clause was added providing that the consultant shall receive on the date ending 180 days after the date a registration
statement filed by the company registering the sale of the shares issuable thereunder is declared effective by the SEC, an additional
number of shares of common stock if necessary such that the consultant shall have received a number of shares equal to 1,666,666.67
divided by the price per share of the common stock as of such date. 

60 

Critical
Accounting Policies, Estimates and Assumptions 

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP. The preparation
of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires our management to make a number of estimates and assumptions
relating to the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure or inclusion of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period. We base our estimates on
historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which
form the basis for making judgments about carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. We do not consider any of our estimates to be critical. We consider below as our critical
accounting policies. 

Oil
and Gas Properties 

The
Company uses the full cost method of accounting for its investment in oil and natural gas properties. Under the full cost method of accounting,
all costs associated with acquisition, exploration and development of oil and gas reserves, including directly related overhead costs
are capitalized. General and administrative costs related to production and general overhead are expensed as incurred. 

All
capitalized costs of oil and gas properties, including the estimated future costs to develop proved reserves, are amortized on the unit
of production method using estimates of proved reserves. Disposition of oil and gas properties are accounted for as a reduction of capitalized
costs, with no gain or loss recognized unless such adjustment would significantly alter the relationship between capitalized costs and
proved reserves of oil and gas, in which case the gain or loss is recognized in operations. Costs associated with unevaluated properties are excluded from the full-cost
pool until the Company has made a determination as to the existence of proved reserves. The Company reviews its unevaluated properties
at the end of each quarter to determine whether the costs incurred should be transferred to the full-cost pool and thereby subject to
amortization. Additionally, the Company assesses all properties classified as unevaluated properties on a quarterly basis for possible
impairment. During any period in which these factors indicate impairment, the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for such properties
are transferred to the full-cost pool and are then subject to depletion and the full-cost ceiling test limitation. 

Limitation
on Capitalized Costs 

Under
the full-cost method of accounting, we are required, at the end of each reporting period, to perform a test to determine the limit on
the book value of our oil and gas properties (the Ceiling test). If the capitalized costs of our oil and natural gas properties,
net of accumulated amortization and related deferred income taxes, exceed the Ceiling, the excess or impairment is charged to expense.
The expense may not be reversed in future periods, even though higher oil and gas prices may subsequently increase the Ceiling. The Ceiling
is defined as the sum of: (a) the present value, discounted at 10 and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions, of (1)
estimated future gross revenues from proved reserves, which is computed using oil and gas prices determined as the unweighted arithmetic
average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the 12-month hedging arrangements pursuant to Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB 103, less (2) estimated future expenditures (based on current costs) to be incurred in developing and producing the
proved reserves; plus, (b) the cost of properties being amortized; plus, (c) the lower of cost or estimated fair value of unproven properties
included in the costs being amortized; net of (d) the related tax effects related to the difference between the book and tax basis of
our oil and natural gas properties. 

61 

Oil
and Gas Reserves 

Reserve
engineering is a subjective process that is dependent upon the quality of available data and interpretation thereof, including evaluations
and extrapolations of well flow rates and reservoir pressure. Estimates by different engineers often vary sometimes significantly. In
addition, physical factors such as results of drilling, testing and production subsequent to the date of an estimate, as well as economic
factors such as changes in product prices, may justify revision of such estimates. Because proved reserves are required to be estimated
using recent prices of the evaluation, estimated reserve quantities can be significantly impacted by changes in product prices. 

Joint
Interest Activities 

Certain
of our exploration, development and production activities are conducted jointly with other entities and, accordingly, the consolidated
financial statements reflect only our proportionate interest in such activities. 

Accounting
for Asset Retirement Obligation 

The Company follows the provisions of ASC Topic 410, Asset Retirement
and Environmental Obligations which addresses financial accounting and reporting for obligations associated with the retirement
of tangible long-lived assets and the associated asset retirement costs. The standard requires that the Company recognize the fair value
of a liability for an asset retirement obligation ARO in the period in which it is incurred. The ARO is capitalized as
part of the carrying value of the assets to which it is associated, and depreciated over the useful life of the asset. The ARO and the
related asset retirement cost are recorded when an asset is first drilled, constructed or purchased. The asset retirement cost is determined
and discounted to present value using a credit-adjusted risk-free rate over the economic life of the oil and gas properties. After initial
recording, the liability is periodically adjusted to reflect (1) new liabilities incurred, (2) liabilities settled during the period,
(3) accretion expense, and (4) revision to estimated future cash flow requirements resulting from changes in the estimated future costs
or the estimated economic useful lives of the oil and gas properties. Subsequent adjustments in the cost estimate are reflected in the
ARO liability and the amounts continue to be amortized over the useful life of the related long-lived assets. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company accounts for revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . 

The
core principle of the revenue standard is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services
to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
services. The following five steps are applied to achieve that core principle: 

Step 1: Identify the contract with the customer 

Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract 

Step 3: Determine the transaction price 

Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract 

Step 5: Recognize revenue when the Company satisfies a performance obligation 

62 

In
order to identify the performance obligations in a contract with a customer, a company must assess the promised goods or services in
the contract and identify each promised good or service that is distinct. A performance obligation meets ASC 606 s definition of
a distinct good or service (or bundle of goods or services) if both of the following criteria are met: The customer can
benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer (i.e.,
the good or service is capable of being distinct), and the entity s promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is
separately identifiable from other promises in the contract (i.e., the promise to transfer the good or service is distinct within the
context of the contract). 

If
a good or service is not distinct, the good or service is combined with other promised goods or services until a bundle of goods or services
is identified that is distinct. 

The
transaction price is the amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods
or services to a customer. The consideration promised in a contract with a customer may include fixed amounts, variable amounts, or both.
When determining the transaction price, an entity must consider the effects of all of the following: 

Variable consideration 

Constraining estimates of variable consideration 

The existence of a significant financing component in the contract 

Noncash consideration 

Consideration payable to a customer 

Variable
consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of
cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis. The transaction price
allocated to each performance obligation is recognized when that performance obligation is satisfied, at a point in time or over time
as appropriate. 

The
Company accounts for contract costs in accordance with ASC Topic 340-40, Contracts with Customers . The Company recognizes the
cost of sales of a contract as expense when incurred or at the time a performance obligation is satisfied. The Company recognizes an
asset from the costs to fulfil a contract only if the costs relate directly to a contract, the costs generate or enhance resources that
will be used in satisfying a performance obligation in the future and the costs are expected to be recovered. The incremental costs of
obtaining a contract are capitalized unless the costs would have been incurred regardless of whether the contract was obtained. 

All
revenue is recorded at a point in time. 

In
continuing operations, the Company only recognizes revenue from one source, oil and gas production and services. 

The
 Company recognizes revenue for their proportionate share of revenue when: (i) the Company receives notification of the successful
 sale of a load of crude oil to a buyer; and (ii) the buyer will provide a price based on the average monthly price of crude oil in
 the most recent month. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable. 

63 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 206) in respect of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 
 F-1 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 587) in respect of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

64 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 White
River Energy Corp 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of White River Energy Corp and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of March 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash
flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023, and the
results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/
MaloneBailey, LLP 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 

 Houston,
Texas 

 June 29, 2023 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors 

 White
River Holdings Corp 

Opinion
on the financial statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of White River Holdings Corp (the Company as of March 31, 2022
and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the
period ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes and schedule (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of March 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended March
31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying combined consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and had an
accumulated deficit that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 1. The combined consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the combined consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express
no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the combined consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the combined consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the combined
consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
RBSM LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

 New
York, NY October 28, 2022, except for Note 1, as to which the date is March 8, 2023 and
except for Note 9, as to which the date is May 5, 2023 . 

F- 2 

WHITE
RIVER ENERGY CORP 

 (FORMERLY
FORTIUM HOLDINGS CORP.) 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 MARCH
31, 2023 AND 2022 

MARCH 31, 
 MARCH 31, 

2023 
 2022 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash (including and in restricted cash) 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 

Accounts receivable - related parties 

Receivable - Participation Agreement 
 
 - 
 
 Inventories - Crude Oil 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS: 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use asset - operating lease 

Right of use asset - financing lease 
 
 - 
 
 Oil and gas properties, full cost-method 

Unevaluated wells in progress 

Other assets 

Goodwill 
 - 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

LIABILITIES 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Due to Ecoark 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash overdraft 
 - 

Derivative liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred drilling costs 
 
 - 
 
 Related party advances 
 
 - 
 
 Series C Preferred Stock 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible note payable, net of discount 
 
 - 
 
 Current portion of long-term debt 
 
 - 
 
 Current portion of lease liability - operating lease 

Current portion of lease liability - financing lease 
 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Lease liability - operating lease, net of current portion 

Lease liability - financing lease, net of current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Asset retirement obligations 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized 

Series A - and shares issued and outstanding 

Series B - shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series C - and shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred
 stock 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized and and
 shares issued and outstanding 
 
 - 
 
 Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total White River Energy Corp stockholder s equity (deficit) 

Non-controlling interest 
 
 - 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

) Series A convertible
preferred stock Series A of the Company in exchange for the common shares that were outstanding at the time
of the share exchange. The Company has reflected this transaction retroactively in these audited financial statements. Since the amounts Due to Ecoark were exchanged in the issuance of the preferred
shares, these have been reflected in additional paid in capital. The reclassification of amounts due to Ecoark as of March 31, 2022 that
were reclassified to additional paid in capital were and are deemed to have been permanently contributed by Ecoark. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 3 

WHITE
RIVER ENERGY CORP 

 (FORMERLY
FORTIUM HOLDINGS CORP.) 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

2023 
 2022 

REVENUES 

COSTS AND EXPENSES 

Lease operating expenses 

Salaries and salaries related costs 

Professional and consulting fees 

Selling, general and administrative costs 

Settlement expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment - goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation, amortization, impairment, depletion, and accretion 

Total costs and expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Derivative expense 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discount - Convertible Note 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of discount - Series C Preferred Stock 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on sale of fixed assets 
 - 

Amortization of original issue discount of convertible note 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense, net of interest income 

Total other income (expense) 

(LOSS) FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
 BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS: 

Loss from discontinued operations 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on disposal of discontinued operations 
 
 - 
 
 Total discontinued operations 
 
 - 

(LOSS) INCOME FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
 - 
 - 

NET (LOSS) INCOME 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST 
 - 
 - 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO WHITE RIVER ENERGY CORP 

NET (LOSS) EARNINGS PER SHARE - BASIC 

Continuing operations 
 
 - 
 
 Discontinued operations 
 
 - 
 
 NET (LOSS) EARNINGS PER SHARE 
 
 - 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING - BASIC 
 
 - 

NET (LOSS) EARNINGS PER SHARE - DILUTED 
 
 - 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING - DILUTED 
 
 - 

Series A convert into common shares. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

WHITE
RIVER ENERGY CORP 

 (FORMERLY
FORTIUM HOLDINGS CORP.) 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Capital
 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Total 

Series A Preferred Stock ) 
 Common 
 Stock ) 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Non-controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital ) 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Total 

Balance - March 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

- 

Advances from Ecoark Holdings, Inc. to White River Holdings Corp, net 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Cost allocations from Ecoark Holdings 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance - March 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

- 

Balance 

- 
 - 

- 

Advances from Ecoark Holdings, Inc. to White River Holdings Corp, net 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

To reflect the reverse merger of White River Holdings Corp 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

To record contribution of capital by Ecoark Holdings, Inc. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Preferred shares issued in PIPE, net of classification as liability 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Investments by limited partners in WR Fund 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance - March 31, 2023 

Balance 

Series A preferred stock of the Company in exchange for the 
 common shares that were outstanding at the time of the share exchange. The Company has reflected this transaction retroactively in
 these audited financial statements along with amounts due to Ecoark. that were exchanged for the Series A preferred stock. The
 reclassification to additional paid in capital were 
 and 
 as of July 25, 2022 and March 31, 2022, respectively, and are deemed to have been permanently contributed by Ecoark. 

Series C Preferred shares is reflected as a liability and thus not included herein. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

WHITE
RIVER ENERGY CORP 

 (FORMERLY
FORTIUM HOLDINGS CORP.) 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

2023 
 2022 

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES FROM OPERATIONS 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Home office allocation 
 - 

Depreciation, amortization, depletion, accretion and impairment 

Impairment - goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Share-based compensation 

Bad debt 
 
 - 
 
 Fees paid in termination of note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on disposal of Norr and Elysian 
 
 - 
 
 (Gain) on disposal of fixed assets 
 - 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for services 
 
 - 
 
 Derivative expense 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of discounts - convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Expenses incurred on convertible note 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of discount - Series C Preferred Stock 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts receivable - related parties 

Receivable - Participation Agreement 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Amortization of right of use asset - operating leases 

Amortization of right of use asset - financing leases 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred drilling costs 

Contribution from Ecoark Holdings, Inc. 

Operating lease liability 

Accrued payable and accrued liabilities 

Total adjustments 

Net cash used in operating activities of continuing operations 

Net cash used in discontinued operations 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchases of oil and gas properties, net of asset retirement obligations 

Advances on note receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Payments received from note receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from the sale of fixed assets 
 - 

Proceeds from the sale of oil and gas properties 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

(Decrease) in cash overdraft 

Repayments of advances from related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Advances from related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from purchases of limited partnership interests 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from Series C Preferred Stock, net 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from convertible note 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of long-term debt and note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Payment of finance lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from Ecoark Holdings in acquisition of White River 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH 

CASH AND RESTRCITED CASH - BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH - END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES 

Cash paid for interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

SUMMARY OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES: 

Net assets acquired from Fortium Holdings Corp. 
 
 - 
 
 Bifurcation of derivative liability from convertible note 
 
 - 
 
 ROU asset acquired for lease liability - financing leases 
 
 - 
 
 Fixed assets acquired for notes payable and long-term debt 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

WHITE
RIVER ENERGY CORP 

 (FORMERLY
FORTIUM HOLDINGS CORP.) 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 MARCH
31, 2023 

shares consisting of shares of common stock
(from and shares of preferred stock. The Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
with the Nevada Secretary of State on September 29, 2022, and the changes became effective upon filing. 

The
Company executed a Share Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement on July 25, 2022 and pursuant to the Exchange Agreement
that day acquired of the outstanding shares of capital stock of White River Holdings Corp, a Delaware corporation Holdings from BitNile Metaverse, Inc. (formerly Ecoark Holdings, Inc. Ecoark )), Holding s sole stockholder. In exchange the
Company issued Ecoark shares of the newly designated non-voting Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A ).
The Series A will become convertible into approximately shares of the Company s common stock upon such time as (A) the
Company has filed a Form S-1, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and such Form S-1 has been declared
effective, and (B) Ecoark elects to distribute shares of the Company s common stock to Ecoark s stockholders. The Company
filed the Form S-1 in December 2022 (File No. 333-268707) and is currently in the process of addressing the comments from the SEC Staff.
The Series A has a stated value of million and has a liquidation preference over the common stock and any subsequent series of junior
preferred stock equal to the stated value, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends; the Series A, however, does not have any of the voting
rights of common stockholders. The transaction was accounted for as a share exchange, whereby Holdings is considered the accounting acquirer.
Since the share exchange occurred with a non-shell public company, the transaction included the purchase of the non-controlling interest
of Fortium Holdings Corp. Except as expressly indicated in these footnotes to the contrary or where the context clearly dictates otherwise,
references to Fortium Holdings Corp. refers to the predecessor of the Company before the Holdings share exchange was effected
in July 2022. 

Holdings
has operations in oil and gas, including exploration, production and drilling operations on over 30,000 cumulative acres of active mineral
leases Louisiana, and Mississippi. 

Pursuant
to the Exchange Agreement Mr. Randy May, Ecoark s Chief Executive Officer, was appointed as Executive Chairman and as a director
of the Company, and Mr. Jay Puchir, Ecoark s Chief Financial Officer, was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer of the Company. Effective July 28, 2022, the number of directors of the Company was fixed at five, and Danny Hames, James Cahill,
Greg Landis, and Alisa Horgan were appointed as directors. Alisa Horgan is the daughter of Randy May, and wife of Richard Horgan, who
was the Company s Chief Executive Officer and sole director until after the closing of the Holdings acquisition. 

On
July 29, 2022, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the Nevada Secretary of State designating a new series of preferred
stock as Series B Preferred Stock (the Series B ). Any outstanding Series B will be automatically cancelled upon the Company applying to have its common stock listed on
a national securities exchange. As of the date of this Report, the Series B is unissued. The Series B is intended to enable the Board
of Directors to act quickly to react to any potential hostile takeover. The auto-cancellation provision was included because the super-voting
rights contained in the Series B would violate the rules of a prospective national securities exchange. 

On
October 25, 2022, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation of the Rights, Preferences and Limitations (the Series C
Certificate of Designation of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series C with the Nevada Secretary of
State. The Series C Certificate of Designation provides for the issuance of up to shares
of Series C. From October 25, 2022 through March 31, 2023, the Company sold Units for . In April 2023, the
Company sold Units
for , with each Unit comprised of one share
of Series C and Warrant
to purchase 
of the shares of common stock underlying such share of Series C (the Units at a purchase price of per
Unit. In addition, the Company sold another units to investors, for which the deposit has not been made yet. The Warrants may be separately sold by the holders rather than exercised
into shares of common stock, and the Company has submitted an application for the Warrants to be traded on the OTCQB under their own
unique ticker symbol. 

On
March 18, 2021, the Company formed Norr LLC Norr ), a Nevada limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company, and commenced operations as a sports equipment and apparel manufacturer and retailer. 

On
September 9, 2021, the Company formed Elysian, a Colorado corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary, for the purpose of engaging in cannabis
operations. 

In
September 2022, the Company sold both Norr and Elysian pursuant to a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement MIPA for
Norr, and a Stock Purchase Agreement for Elysian. These entities were sold to non-related third parties for for Elysian and for
Norr. The purpose of the sale of these entities was for the Company to divest themselves of their non-core assets and focus exclusively
on the oil and gas production business of Holdings. 

On
September 16, 2022, the Board of Directors and stockholders approved the name change of the Company from Fortium Holdings Corp. to White
River Energy Corp. All paperwork were submitted to both the State of Nevada and to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA on September 20, 2022 and subsequently approved. 

The
Company has reflected the operations of both Norr and Elysian post-combination in discontinued operations and have reflected the loss
on disposal of these companies in the Statements of Operations. 

shares of issued
and outstanding common shares of Fortium Holdings Corp., which were considered as purchase consideration resulting in of goodwill
that was impaired immediately. As a result, the historical balances represent Holdings. See Note 2, Merger for more details
on the accounting for the share exchange. 

of the WR Fund and ownership is held by the limited partners of the WR Fund, which are reflected as noncontrolling
interests in the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements include the results of the WR Fund and the Company
has eliminated all intercompany transactions. 

. The Company has not experienced any losses from such accounts and does not believe it is exposed to any significant credit
risk on cash. 

The
Company s restricted cash is in the form of certificates of deposit that secure our oil and gas properties. 

and in depletion expense and impairment of reserves for the Company s oil and gas properties for the
years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions,
of (1) estimated future gross revenues from proved reserves, which is computed using oil and gas prices determined as the unweighted
arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the 12-month hedging arrangements pursuant to Staff Accounting
Bulletin SAB 103, less (2) estimated future expenditures (based on current costs) to be incurred in developing and producing
the proved reserves; plus, (b) the cost of properties being amortized; plus, (c) the lower of cost or estimated fair value of unproven
properties included in the costs being amortized; net of (d) the related tax effects related to the difference between the book and tax
basis of our oil and natural gas properties. A ceiling test was performed as of March 31, 2023 and impairment in the amount of 
was recognized. 

and 208,713 in allowances for doubtful accounts. 

is impaired and recognized as impairment loss in the consolidated statements of operations. In addition as discussed in Note 2,
 Merger , the Company impaired in goodwill impairment related to the reverse merger with Fortium Holdings Corp. 

If
a good or service is not distinct, the good or service is combined with other promised goods or services until a bundle of goods or services
is identified that is distinct. 

The
transaction price is the amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods
or services to a customer. The consideration promised in a contract with a customer may include fixed amounts, variable amounts, or both.
When determining the transaction price, an entity must consider the effects of all of the following: 

Variable consideration 

Constraining estimates of variable consideration 

The existence of a significant financing component in the contract 

Noncash consideration 

Consideration payable to a customer 

Variable
consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of
cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis. The transaction price
allocated to each performance obligation is recognized when that performance obligation is satisfied, at a point in time or over time
as appropriate. 

The
Company accounts for contract costs in accordance with ASC Topic 340-40, Contracts with Customers . The Company recognizes the
cost of sales of a contract as expense when incurred or at the time a performance obligation is satisfied. The Company recognizes an
asset from the costs to fulfil a contract only if the costs relate directly to a contract, the costs generate or enhance resources that
will be used in satisfying a performance obligation in the future and the costs are expected to be recovered. The incremental costs of
obtaining a contract are capitalized unless the costs would have been incurred regardless of whether the contract was obtained. 

All
revenue is recorded at a point in time. 

In
continuing operations, the Company only recognizes revenue from one source, oil and gas production and services. 

The
Company recognizes revenue for their proportionate share of revenue when: (i) the Company receives notification of the successful
sale of a load of crude oil to a buyer; and (ii) the buyer will provide a price based on the average monthly price of crude oil in
the most recent month. 

The
Company does not discuss recent pronouncements that are not anticipated to have an impact on or are unrelated to its financial condition,
results of operations, cash flows or disclosures. 

into the Company. In addition, the Company raised
capital through a private investment in a public equity (PIPE) and raised approximately 
 through the end of April 2023 from this PIPE
offering, together with approximately 
 received from Participation Agreements to provide
the funds necessary for the Company s drilling program. The Company also began receiving drilling capital from the limited partners
of the WR Fund during the year ended March 31, 2023. The Company has incurred a net loss from operations and has a net capital deficiency that
raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
accompanying financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023 have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going
concern, but the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund
operating losses until it establishes a revenue stream and becomes profitable. Management s plans to continue as a going concern
include raising additional capital through sales of equity securities and borrowing. However, management cannot provide any assurances
that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. If the Company is not able to obtain the necessary additional
financing on a timely basis, the Company will be required to delay, and reduce the scope of the Company s development and operations.
Continuing as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully secure other sources of financing and attain profitable operations.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to
continue as a going concern. 

Impact
of COVID-19 

COVID-19
did not have a material effect on the Consolidated Statements of Operations or the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the years ended March
31, 2023 and 2022. 

COVID-19
has also contributed to the supply chain disruptions which have not had a material effect for the Company. The Company will continue
to monitor potential supply chain shortages affecting its business. 

The
extent to which COVID-19 may impact the Company s results will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of the virus and the actions to contain its impact. 

Fortium
Holdings Corp. issued Ecoark shares of Series A valued at in the share exchange transaction. On an as converted basis,
the Series A shares convert to shares of common stock which represents approximately of the total issued and outstanding
shares on a fully diluted basis at the time of the merger. 

On
July 25, 2022, the Company completed the share exchange transaction with Holdings. As a result of this transaction, which is accounted
for as a share exchange, Holdings is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). In accordance with the terms
of the Merger, at the effective time of the Merger, the outstanding shares of the common stock of Holdings were exchanged for the 
shares of Series A of the Company. This exchange of shares and the resulting controlling ownership of the Company constitutes a reverse
acquisition and purchase accounting being applied to the net assets acquired from Fortium
Holdings Corp. under ASC 805 due to Holdings being the accounting acquirer and Fortium Holdings Corp., being deemed an acquired business
as they were not a shell corporation. This requires financial reporting from the Merger close date forward to reflect only the historic
consolidated results of Holdings and to include the consolidated results for the Company and subsidiaries from July 25, 2022 forward. 

The
previously existing businesses of the Company at the time of the Merger, consisting of Norr and Elysian, were sold within 60 days of
the Merger taking place. 

The
estimated allocation of the purchase price of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed for the acquisition by Holdings of Fortium
Holdings Corp. via the reverse acquisition are set forth below in accordance with the guidance under ASC 805: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Goodwill 

Purchase price 

This
allocation is based on management s estimated fair value of the Fortium Holdings Corp assets and liabilities as of July 25, 2022
utilizing the guidance in ASC 820-10-35 which included the measurement based on a known level one input regarding the applicable share
price as well as the level of activity in the Company and the fact that the value was driven off of a business no longer included in
the Company s current operations. Fortium Holdings Corp. assets were derived from a total value of , based on 
shares of common stock outstanding on July 25, 2022 and the closing price that day of per share. The Company impaired the goodwill
effective with the Merger on July 25, 2022, as they had decided at that time to sell the Norr and Elysian businesses, although the sales
were effected later in September 2022. The Company sold these two entities for a total of in September 2022. The loss on the sale
is reflected as a loss on disposal in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Net loss 

Net loss per share 
 - 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 
 Revenues 

Net loss 

Net loss per share 

The
consolidated statements of operations and cash flows represent the operations of Holdings for the year ended March 31, 2022 and
period April 1, 2022 through July 25, 2022 include cost allocations from Holding s former parent Ecoark as discussed
below. 

Cost
Allocations 

The
consolidated financial statements of Holdings have been prepared in connection with the expected separation and have been derived from
the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of Ecoark operated on a standalone basis during the periods presented and
were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The
consolidated financial statements reflect allocations of certain Ecoark corporate, infrastructure and shared services expenses, including
centralized research, legal, human resources, payroll, finance and accounting, employee benefits, real estate, insurance, information
technology, telecommunications, treasury, and other income and expenses for interest expense on debt that portions were used for Holdings,
changes in derivative liabilities on the books of Ecoark for Warrants granted in offerings of which proceeds went towards the operations
of Holdings, and conversions of debt. As noted, the derivative liabilities are included in Ecoark s books. However, the advances
made by Ecoark related to the proceeds received that were recognized as a derivative liability are included in the March 31, 2022 balance
sheet as Due to Ecoark Holdings, Inc. which was reclassified to additional paid in capital. Where possible, these charges
were allocated based on direct usage, with the remainder allocated on a pro rata basis of headcount, asset, or other allocation methodologies
that are considered to be a reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided or the benefit received by the Company during
the periods presented pursuant to SAB Topic 1.B.1. The allocations may not, however, reflect the expense the Company would have incurred
as a standalone company for the periods presented. These costs also may not be indicative of the expenses that the Company will incur
in the future or would have incurred if the Company had obtained these services from a third party. 

Management
believes the assumptions underlying our financial statements, including the assumptions regarding the allocation of general corporate
expenses from the former parent company are reasonable. Nevertheless, our financial statements may not include all of the actual expenses
and income that would have been incurred had we operated as a standalone company during the periods presented and may not reflect our
results of operations, financial position and cash flows had we operated as a standalone company during the periods presented. 

Actual
costs that would have been incurred if we had operated as a standalone company would depend on multiple factors, including organizational
structure and strategic decisions made in various areas, including information technology and infrastructure. 

Buildings years) 

Machinery and equipment to years) 

Total property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation and impairment 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. Depreciation does not include items in fixed
assets that are not in service. 

from a related party for the sale of wells which were recorded in the full-cost pool. 

On
October 6, 2022, the Company assigned of their working interest in the Harry O Neal 20-9 well to two related parties, pursuant
to the vesting of various performance conditions in the employment contracts of Mr. Randy May and Mr. Jay Puchir. There were no recognized
reserves booked for this well. 

On
October 10, 2022, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with a Harry O Neal working interest owner whereby they granted
them a working interest in the Harry O Neal 20-9 well in exchange for a full release of claims from all prior investments.
There were no recognized reserves booked for this well. The Company recognized a settlement expense of associated with this
settlement agreement. 

The
WR Fund received limited partnership interests during the year ended March 31, 2023 in the amount of for two drilling projects
in Louisiana and Mississippi which funds were spent by the Company. These amounts are reflected in our unevaluated wells in progress
as of March 31, 2023. These projects were not completed during the year ended March 31, 2023. 

Accumulated, depletion and impairment 

Oil and gas properties, net 

There
was and in depletion expense and impairment of reserves for the Company s oil and gas properties for the
years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

and in ARO for sales of leases during the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Accretion expense 

Reclamation obligations settled 
 - 
 - 
 
 Disposition due to sale of property 

Additions 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in estimates 
 
 - 
 
 Balance, end of period 

Total
ARO at March 31, 2023 and 2022 shown in the table above consists of amounts for future plugging and abandonment liabilities on our wellbores
and facilities based on third-party estimates of such costs, adjusted for inflation for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
These values are discounted to present value at per annum for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

- 
 
 Truck loan Mitsubishi (b) 
 
 - 
 
 Tractor loan Simmons Bank (d) 
 
 - 
 
 Loan Simmons Bank (f) 
 
 - 
 
 Rig Loan North Mill (g) 
 
 - 
 
 Loan Amur Capital (e) 
 
 - 
 
 Total long-term debt 
 
 - 
 
 Less: current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 
 - 

(a) 
 for two service trucks maturing . The note is secured by the collateral
 purchased and accrued interest annually at with principal and interest payments due . There is accrued interest
 as of March 31, 2023. 

(b) 
 for a service truck maturing . The note is secured by the collateral
 purchased and accrued interest annually at with principal and interest payments due . There is accrued interest
 as of March 31, 2023. 

(c) 
 On
 October 13, 2022, White River Operating LLC, an indirect subsidiary of the Company, issued a secured promissory note payable for
 , which was used for two drilling rigs purchased (total value of , where the Company paid a total of ).
 The note bears interest at the lesser of (i) the prime rate published in the Bonds, Rates and Yields section of The
 Wall Street Journal plus ; and (ii) the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, and payments consist of interest and principal
 in the amount of per month through October 13, 2025 when the remaining balance of principal and interest is due. Randy May
 and Jay Puchir personally guaranteed this note. Pursuant to a letter agreement dated December 2, 2022, the Company and the borrower
 agreed to terms of early repayment of this note. On December 6, 2022, the Company paid to repay all principal and interest
 and fees in satisfaction of the note, which included a termination fee of . This repayment was mandated by a subsequent lender.
 See Note 7. 

(d) 
 for a tractor maturing . The note is secured by the collateral purchased
 and accrued interest annually at with principal and interest payments due . There is accrued interest as of March
 31, 2023. 

(e) 
 for equipment maturing . The note is secured by the collateral purchased
 and accrued interest annually at with principal and interest payments due . There is accrued interest as of March
 31, 2023. 

(f) 
 for equipment maturing . The note is secured by the collateral
 purchased and interest is accrued at with principal and interest due . There is accrued interest as of March 31,
 2023. 

(g) 
 for a rig maturing . The note is secured by the collateral purchased
 and interest is accrued at with principal and interest due . There is accrued interest as of March 31, 2023. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total 

Interest
expense on long-term debt during the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 are and , respectively. 

in gross proceeds and the Company issued the Purchaser a Original
Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of (the Note ). The proceeds
are being used for working capital and growth capital. 

Pursuant
to the SPA, the Company, its direct and indirect subsidiaries, and Jay Puchir and Randy May, executive officers of the Company, entered
into Guarantee Agreements (the Guarantee with the Purchaser pursuant to which each subsidiary and Messrs. Puchir and May
personally guaranteed to the Purchaser the payment of the Note. In addition, Messrs. Puchir and May pledged the shares of the Company s
common stock they hold or have the right to acquire in the anticipated distribution of the Company s common stock by Ecoark as
collateral to secure the Company s obligations under the Note, and each individual also executed affidavits of confession to that
effect. The affidavits of confession signed by Messrs. Puchir and May in connection with their Guarantees will permit the Purchaser to
obtain a judgment against them personally upon the occurrence of an event of default without having to file a lawsuit. 

The
Note is due September 16, 2023. The Note bears interest at a rate of per annum, payable monthly, subject to an increase to per
annum in case of an event of default as provided for therein. In addition, all overdue accrued and unpaid principal and interest is subject
to a late fee at an interest rate equal to the lesser of per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law which if applicable
accrues daily from the date such principal and interest is due. 

The
Note is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at any time following the issuance date at the Purchaser s
option at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) per share and (ii) the average of the five-closing prices of the common
stock immediately prior to the date of conversion, subject to certain adjustments (including based on the issuance of lower priced securities)
and beneficial ownership limitations. Upon an event of default, the Purchaser may convert the Note at a reduced conversion price equal
to of the lowest closing price of the common stock for the prior trading days. 

Under
the Note, beginning on April 16, 2023 the Company is required to pay monthly installments equal to one-fourth of the original principal
amount at of such principal amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest and any other amounts outstanding under the Note, with each
payment resulting in a reduction in the principal of the Note at (as compared to ). Furthermore, at any time after the issuance
date of the Note, the Company may, after written notice to the Purchaser, prepay the Note in an amount equal to of the then outstanding
principal amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest and any other amounts outstanding under the Note. The Company will also be required
to offer to pay the Note at of the principal amount plus any unpaid accrued interest, upon the occurrence of certain events including
 million, and (iii) upon the maturity of the Note. The Company paid 516,667 in April through June 2023, and the Note is
currently in good standing . 

The
Note is secured by the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Note provides for certain events of default, including failure
to pay amounts owing on the Note when due, failure to observe other covenants or obligations under the Note, default under any other
indebtedness or material contract, a bankruptcy event with respect to the Company or a significant subsidiary, failure to maintain listing
or quotation of the common stock on a trading market, failure to maintain the current public information requirement under Rule 144,
and a judgment or similar process against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or assets in excess of . Upon an event of default,
the Purchaser may cause the Note to become immediately due and payable and require the Company to pay of the then outstanding principal
amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest and any other amounts outstanding under the Note. 

Further,
pursuant to the Note the Company is subject to certain restrictive covenants, including covenants against incurring new indebtedness
or liens on its assets, paying cash dividends or distributions on any equity securities, or entering into transactions with affiliates,
subject to certain exceptions. In addition, under the Note the Company agreed to at all times reserve three times the number of shares
of common stock into which the Note is convertible. The Company is in compliance with the covenants as of March 31, 2023. 

In
addition, pursuant to the SPA, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with each Purchaser in which the Purchasers are
entitled to piggyback registration rights, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to include the underlying shares of
common stock from the conversion of the Note in a registration statement, if the Company files a registration statement for another purpose,
subject to certain terms and conditions. 

The
conversion terms of the Note required the Company to bifurcate the conversion option from the host and classify the conversion
option as a derivative liability under ASC 815. The value of the derivative liability at inception was .
The Company recognized a gain of the change in fair value of the derivative liability related to the Note of 
for the year ended March 31, 2023 (see Note 8). The Company recorded an amortization of original issue discount of 
for the year ended March 31, 2023, and an amortization of debt discount due to the derivative liability of 
for the year ended March 31, 2023. The Company recognized 
in interest expense on this convertible note for the year ended March 31, 2023, 
of which is accrued at March 31, 2023. 

See
Note 18, for the description of the Amendment to this Note on May 10, 2023. 

Consulting
Agreement 

On
December 20, 2022, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with an affiliate of the Purchaser described above (the Consultant ),
pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue shares shares of common stock, subject to upward adjustment to the extent the
closing price per share of the Company s common stock is below as of (i) the date a registration statement registering the
resale by the Consultant of its shares of common stock is declared effective by the SEC (the Effective Date ), and/or (ii)
 days after the Effective Date. In such event, the number of shares will be increased to the quotient obtained by dividing 
by the closing price of the common stock. The value of was expensed as stock-based compensation under this agreement. The
Company also agreed to indemnify the Consultant pursuant to indemnification provisions attached to the Consulting Agreement. 

The
Company identified embedded features in some of the agreements which were classified as liabilities. These embedded features included
a variable conversion price that would convert those instruments into a variable number of common shares. The accounting treatment of
derivative financial instruments requires that the Company treat the instrument as liability and record the fair value of the instrument
as derivatives as of the inception date of the instrument and to adjust the fair value of the instrument as of each subsequent balance
sheet date. 

The
Company determined the derivative liabilities to be a Level 3 fair value measurement and used the Black-Scholes pricing model to calculate
the fair value. The Black-Scholes model requires six basic data inputs: the exercise or strike price, expected term, the risk-free interest
rate, the current stock price, the estimated volatility of the stock price in the future, and the dividend rate. 

years 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 
 
 Exercise price 
 - 
 - 
 
 Market price 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Fair value of conversion option on convertible note payable (see Note 7) 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 - 

Bifurcation of conversion option on convertible note payable 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Ending balance as of March 31, 2023 

The
change in fair value of the derivative liability for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 were (gain) and ) , respectively. 

There
were no derivative liabilities in the year ended March 31, 2022. 

shares consisting of shares of common stock
(from and shares of preferred stock. See Note 1. 

The
Company executed the Exchange Agreement on July 25, 2022 and pursuant to the Exchange Agreement that day acquired of the outstanding
shares of capital stock of Holdings from Ecoark, Holding s sole stockholder. In exchange the Company issued Ecoark shares
of the newly designated Series A. See Note 1 under Description of Business for more details on the Series A. 

The
Series A has a stated value of million and has a liquidation preference over the common stock and any subsequent series of junior
preferred stock equal to the stated value, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. 

On
July 29, 2022, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the Nevada Secretary of State designating a new series of preferred
stock, the Series B. See Note 1 under Description of Business for more details on the Series B. 

On
October 25, 2022, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation of the Rights, Preferences and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series C Certificate of Designation with the Nevada Secretary of State. The Series C Certificate of Designation
provides for the issuance of up to shares of Series C. See Note 1 under Description of Business and the below section
in Note 9 Series C Convertible Preferred Stock for more details on the Series C. 

From
October 19, 2022 through March 31, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement SPA pursuant to which
the Company sold Units to accredited investors, with each Unit consisting of one share of Series C and five-year Warrants
to purchase up to of the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C, at a purchase price of per Unit
for a total purchase price of in the PIPE Offering. The net proceeds from the PIPE Offering, after offering expenses and related
costs, have been and/or will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes including oil and gas drilling on the Company s
working interests in Louisiana and Mississippi. The shares of the Series C are expected to be converted upon the effective registration
of the Registration Statement filed by the Company. 

In
December 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for services rendered as discussed in Note 7, and in January 2023,
the Company issued shares of common stock valued at for services rendered. 

Restricted
Stock Units 

From
July 25, 2022 through August 15, 2022, the Company entered into advisor agreements with directors, management and consultants
pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue a total of 
restricted shares of common stock at prices ranging from 
to 
per share (combined value of ).
These issuances represented 
shares that are service-based grants 
value) and 
shares that are performance-based grants 
value). The performance criteria are based on the average number of gross barrels of oil produced per day (BOPD) ranging from 
to 
BOPD. The service-based grants vest through July 31, 2032. . On December 1, 2022, the remaining 
restricted stock grants were cancelled. The Company then entered into new RSU agreements on December 1, 2022 with these individuals,
that represented 
performance-based RSUs valued at ,
and 
service-based RSUs valued at .
The performance-based grants are based on the average number of gross barrels of oil produced per day (BOPD) ranging from 
to 
BOPD; and the service-based grants vest through November 30, 2032. The Company has expensed 
in stock-based compensation through March 31, 2023 related to these grants. In addition, the Company has recognized 
in stock-based compensation to non-employee directors for the year ended March 31, 2023. The Company has unrecognized stock-based compensation of as of March 31, 2023 that will be expensed through
November 30, 2032. 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited or expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at March 31, 2023 

Vested at March 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock 

The
Company on October 25, 2022, filed the Series C Certificate of Designation. The Company provides for the issuance of up to shares
of Series C. 

The
Company evaluated ASC 480-10-25-14 and determined that the Series C is a financial instrument that embodies an unconditional obligation
that the issuer must or may settle by issuing a variable number of its equity shares and shall be classified as a liability. 

The
Company evaluated ASC 480-10-55-22 and determined the Series C offering is considered a share settled debt and is measured
at amortized cost and has been expensed immediately. 

Details
of the Series C: 

Dividends :
If declared by the Board of Directors. 

Conversion :
Upon the earlier to occur of (i) the effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-1 registering the sale by the Holders of the
shares of common stock into which such Series C is convertible and (ii) December 31, 2023 Conversion Date ). 

Conversion
Price : as of the 10 th Trading Day immediately preceding the Conversion Date as such price may be adjusted from time-to-time
pursuant to the terms hereof, including, without limitation, Section 8 of the agreement. 

Negative
Covenants : Certain restrictions are imposed of more than of the Series C is outstanding at any given point of time. 

Anti-Dilution
Clause : Present. 

If,
at any time while any share of Series C is outstanding, the Company shall issue any Common Stock, except for the Exempt Issuances,
for a consideration per share or issues Common Stock Equivalents with an exercise, conversion or exchange price that is less than 0.80,
then and thereafter successively upon each such issuance, the Conversion Price shall be reduced to such other lower price. 

Fundamental
Transaction Clause : Present, without the distribution of cash. 

Voting
Rights : Reserved on as converted basis . 

The
Company recognized amortization of the discount on the issuance of the Series C in the amount of for the year ended March
31, 2023. The value of the Series C liability as of March 31, 2023 is . 

Stock
Options 

The
Company s Board of Directors approved the adoption of the 2016 Stock-Based Compensation Plan (the 2016 Plan on May
12, 2016. 

There
have been no stock options granted since 2018. 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance outstanding at March 31, 2022 

Exercisable at March 31, 2022 

Number of Options 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term 
 
 Balance outstanding at March 31, 2022 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance outstanding at March 31, 2023 

Exercisable at March 31, 2023 

Warrants 

On
August 10, 2017, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with two investors to purchase from the Company shares
of the Company s common stock for an aggregate purchase price of . The investors received a warrant to purchase an additional
 shares at an exercise price of per share, and a warrant to purchase an additional shares at an exercise price of 
per share. 

On
July 21, 2021, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with a company controlled by its current Chief Executive Officer for a
period of one year, expiring July 20, 2022 and issued it warrants that have a term of and an exercise price of ,
which were issued to the related party on September 14, 2021. On September 14, 2021, of these warrants were assigned to a third
party and all warrants were exercised for immediately thereafter. 

As
discussed herein, the Company issued Warrants in the Series C Offering. These Warrants have a five -year term and exercise
price. 

- 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited or expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at March 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable at March 31, 2022 

- 

Warrants 
 Shares 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 
 
 Outstanding at March 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Granted 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited or expired 

- 
 
 Outstanding at March 31, 2023 

- 
 
 Exercisable at March 31, 2023 

- 

NOTE
10: LEASES 

The
Company has adopted ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) and as such accounted for our leases in terms of the right of use assets
and offsetting lease liability obligations under this pronouncement. The Company had had only short-term leases up through this acquisition.
The Company recorded these amounts at present value, in accordance with the standard, using discount rates ranging between and .
The right of use asset is composed of the sum of all lease payments, at present value, and is amortized straight line over the life of
the expected lease term. . Upon
the election by the Company to extend the lease for additional years, that election will be treated as a lease modification and the lease
will be reviewed for re-measurement. 

The
Company has chosen to implement this standard using the modified retrospective model approach with a cumulative-effect adjustment, which
does not require the Company to adjust the comparative periods presented when transitioning to the new guidance. The Company has also
elected to utilize the transition related practical expedients permitted by the new standard. The modified retrospective approach provides
a method for recording existing leases at adoption and in comparative periods that approximates the results of a modified retrospective
approach. Adoption of the new standard did not result in an adjustment to retained earnings for the Company. 

The
Company s portfolio of leases contains operating and financing leases. As of March 31, 2023, the value of the unamortized lease
right of use asset was in financing leases and in operating leases) (through maturity at November 2026).
As of March 31, 2023, the Company s lease liability was in financing leases and in operating leases)
(through maturity at November 2026). 

2025 

Imputed interest 

Total lease liability 

Disclosed as: 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Imputed interest 

Total lease liability 

Disclosed as: 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

Total
Lease Cost 

Financing lease expense 

Depreciation of capitalized finance lease assets 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense on finance lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Finance lease expense 

and , respectively from these entities for their portion of the production
expenses over the revenues received. These amounts are monitored closely and fluctuate each month. In addition at March 31, 2023, the
Company is owed from another related party. Total related parties accounts receivable at March 31, 2023 is . 

The
May Family Foundation controls of the outstanding common stock of the Company as of March 31, 2023. Additionally, Atikin, an entity
which is controlled by Jay Puchir, our Chief Executive Officer, controls of the outstanding common stock. Alisa Horgan, the daughter
of Randy May, our new Executive Chairman, became a director and officer of the Company following the Holdings acquisition. Her husband
Richard Horgan was the Company s former Chief Executive Officer and director. Mr. May is the Chief Executive Officer of Ecoark.
Each of Messrs. May, Horgan and Puchir disclaim beneficial ownership of the securities held by The May Family Foundation except to the
extent of any pecuniary interest therein. 

All
amounts due to Ecoark were exchanged for the shares of Series A and classified as a capital transaction with the adjustment to
additional paid in capital as they were from a related party. The historical cost basis as of the date of the merger with White River
Holdings that have been reclassified to additional paid in capital was which were deemed to be permanently contributed by
Ecoark effective with the issuance of the Series A. The Series A shares are reflected in the Company s historical financial
statements in place of the equity instruments held by Ecoark on a historical cost basis. There was no impact on the consolidated statements
of operations. 

In
connection with the Company s acquisition of White River Holdings from Ecoark in July 2022, the Company granted Ault certain participation
rights in its oil and gas exploration and drilling ventures Participation Rights identical to rights Ecoark had given
Ault. Ault exercised these Participation Rights and will invest approximately million per the agreement. Through March 31, 2023, Ault
has repaid of this receivable. 

On
March 22, 2023, our Board of Directors approved Ecoark Holding s advancing payments to us of up to million (the Amounts with the objective of satisfying Ault Energy s obligations payable to the Company from its exercise of the Participation Rights.
Ecoark and Ault Energy have agreed that in lieu of repayment by Ault Energy, Ault Energy will permit Ecoark Holdings to redeem shares
of Ecoark Holdings Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock Ecoark Series A held by Ault by dividing the
Amounts by the stated value of such shares, or one share of Ecoark Series A for each advanced to us. The redemption cannot
occur until the Spin-Off and a related distribution of Wolf Energy Services Inc. occur which permits Ault to receive its full dividends.
The effect of this transaction for the Company is that we begin collecting Amounts from Ecoark in satisfaction of Ault s account
payable to us related to the Participation Rights due. The transaction was approved by the independent directors of the Company and Ecoark
with Mr. May and his daughter abstaining as White River Energy Corp directors, and Mr. May also abstained as an Ecoark Holdings director. 

The
Company from time to time will borrow amounts from related parties. During the year ended March 31, 2023 the Company
borrowed from related parties in non-interest bearing advances of which was repaid. These are considered short-term
advances. 

Level
2 quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that
are not active; and model derived valuations in which significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets;
and 

Level
3 fair value measurements derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers
are unobservable. 

Financial
instruments consist principally of cash, accounts receivable and other receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, notes payable,
and amounts due to related parties. The fair value of cash is determined based on Level 1 inputs. There were no transfers into or out
of Level 3 during the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. The recorded values of all other financial instruments approximate
their current fair values because of their nature and respective relatively short maturity dates or durations. 

Fair
value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument.
These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined
with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 

March 31, 2022 

Derivative liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The
table in Note 8 shows a reconciliation of the beginning and ending liabilities measured at fair value using significant unobservable
inputs (Level 3) for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

working
interest and net revenue interest in the Harry O Neal 20-9 No. 1 well for . 

On
November 22, 2022, the Company entered into two Participation Agreements with the WR Fund, which is consolidated by the Company as
the Company s subsidiary is the general partner of the WR Fund as discussed in Note 1 under Principles of
Consolidation whereby the parties agreed to the following: (i) under the first Agreement , the WR Fund agreed to pay the
Company an initial amount of 
for drilling one or more wells on the Company s mineral lease located in Rankin County, Mississippi for (A) a 
working interest and (B) a 
net revenue interest in all such wells (the Mississippi Agreement and (ii) under the second Agreement, the WR Fund
agreed to pay the Company and initial amount of 
for drilling one or more wells on the Company s mineral lease located in Concordia Parish, Louisiana in exchange for (A) a 
working interest and (B) a 
net revenue interest in all such wells (the Louisiana Agreement ). In addition, under the Louisiana Agreement, in the
event the test well on the lease is determined to be economically viable, the WR Fund agreed to pay the Company an additional 
in costs to complete and produce the test well, while the Mississippi Agreement requires an additional 
in costs to complete and produce the test well. 

On
December 5, 2022, the Company entered into a Participation Agreement with Ault Energy for for drilling one or more wells on
the Company s mineral lease located in Concordia Parish, Louisiana in exchange for (A) a working interest and (B) a net
revenue interest in all such wells. In addition, in the event the test well on the lease is determined to be economically viable, Ault
Energy agreed to pay the Company an additional in costs to complete and produce the test well. 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company entered into a Participation Agreements with the WR Fund, whereby the parties agreed
to the following: WR Fund agreed to pay the Company an initial amount of for drilling a well
located in Rankin County, Mississippi for a working interest and a net revenue interest in all such wells (the Mississippi
Agreement #2 ). In the event the test well on the lease is determined to be economically viable, the WR Fund agreed to pay the
Company an additional in costs to complete and produce the test well. 

In
January 2023, the Company entered into five separate Participation Agreements with investors, pursuant to which the parties paid 
for drilling one or more wells on the Company s mineral lease located in Rankin County, Mississippi at a cost of per unit to receive (A) a 
working interest and (B) a net revenue interest in such wells. 

On
March 22, 2023, the Company entered into a Participation Agreement with Ault for for drilling on the Company s mineral
lease located in the Pisgah Oil Field in Rankin County, Mississippi in exchange for (A) a working interest and (B) a net revenue
interest in such well. 

Under
each of the above-described Participation Agreements, the investors also agreed to participate in the drilling of the initial test well,
and each party may also drill a substitute well if the test well is abandoned prior to reaching the agreed upon depth. Further, for any
well drilled after the initial test well and substitute well referenced herein, the Investors agreed to the same cost sharing arrangements
as provided for in the initial test well. 

White
River Fund 

The
WR Fund which is consolidated by the Company as the Company s subsidiary is the general partner of the WR Fund as discussed in
Note 1 under Principles of Consolidation is a closed-end private fund where general partners and limited partners
invest into the fund and the fund then purchases direct working interests in various oil and gas drilling projects of the Company.
The Company has made the commitment to purchase all outstanding working interests from the WR Fund 42 months after the final closing
of the offering or not later than March 31, 2027. The first drilling
project, the Peabody AMI 12 No 18, hit oil in January 2023 and the second oil project, the Denmiss No 1 well is expected to be
spudded in June 2023. The Company is still evaluating the economic viability of the Peabody AMI 12 No. 18 well. 

Broker
Dealer Acquisition 

On
January 23, 2023 the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the MIPA with an entity (the Seller ),
which Seller is the sole member of another entity (the Broker ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase from the
Seller all membership interests in the Broker in exchange for (i) payment of 
 in cash, (ii) prepaid expenses incurred or to
be incurred by the Broker not to exceed ,
and (iii) up to 
 in transaction expenses incurred by the Seller
in connection with the MIPA. In connection with the execution of the MIPA, the Company paid a 
 non-refundable deposit, which will be applied
against the cash portion of the purchase consideration at closing. In February 2023, we filed a change of control application, referred
to as a Continuing Membership Application or CMA, with FINRA in February 2023. In April 2023, we incurred a conflict with our proposed
principal assigned as a control person of the broker-dealer post-acquisition and engaged new principals as control persons of the broker-dealer
acquisition post-acquisition as well as engaged an outside advisory firm experienced in filing CMA applications. We spoke with FINRA
in April 2023 and they approved the change in principals that we proposed. Upon re-filing the CMA application with the new principals,
FINRA extended the CMA application start date to April 25, 2023 which provided the Company with 180 additional days to complete the acquisition.

The
Company entered into the MIPA to acquire the Broker for the purpose of enabling the Company to create and sell interests in oil and gas
funds to assist the Company in continuing its oil and gas exploration and drilling activities. 

Employment
Agreements and RSUs 

The
Company s Board of Directors approved Executive Employment Agreements pursuant to which our executive officers are entitled
to the following compensation and other rights: 

Randy
May, our Executive Chairman, is receiving an annual base salary of , and was granted shares of restricted common stock
(since cancelled on December 1, 2022 and replaced with restricted stock units) with half of the Restricted Stock Units RSU vesting annually over a five-year period and the remainder vesting based on performance metrics set forth in the Agreement. Under his
Agreement, Mr. May was also granted the following rights related to the Company s oil and gas operations: 

(A)
an overriding royalty interest or carried working interest to be held in perpetuity from either the Company or its subsidiaries equal
to in any and all successfully drilled and completed oil and/or gas wells (an ORRI during the term of his employment. 

(B)
a participation right in the funding and ownership interest in any drilling or participation by the Company or any subsidiary in
the drilling by the Company or a third party of an oil and gas well other than the WR Fund (a Participation Right ). 

Jay
Puchir, our Chief Executive Officer, is receiving an annual base salary of and was granted shares of restricted common
stock (since cancelled on December 1, 2022 and was granted RSU) with half of the RSUs vesting annually over a five-year period
and the remainder vesting based on performance metrics set forth in the agreement. Under his Agreement, Mr. Puchir was also granted the
following rights related to the Company s oil and gas operations: 

(A)
a overriding royalty interest or carried working interest during the term of his employment. 

(B)
a Participation Right otherwise identical to Mr. May s. 

Alisa
Horgan, our Chief Administrative Officer and a member of our Board of Directors and Mr. May s daughter, is receiving an annual
base salary of , and was granted shares of restricted common stock (since cancelled on December 1, 2022 and was granted
 RSUs) with the RSUs vesting annually over a -year period. 

Mrs.
Horgan s husband, Richard Horgan, Senior Vice President of M A and our former Chief Executive Officer, is receiving an annual
base salary of , and was granted shares of restricted common stock (since cancelled on December 1, 2022 and was granted
 RSUs) with the RSUs vesting annually over a -year period. 

Each
of the above Agreements are also subject to the following severance provisions: 

In
the event of termination by the Company without cause or resignation by the officer for good reason, each
officer is entitled to receive 2.99 years base salary, immediate vesting of unvested equity awards and continued benefits for
six months. 

In
case of termination or adverse change in title upon a change of control, each officer is entitled to receive 2.99 years base salary,
immediate vesting of unvested equity awards, continued benefits for 18 months and 100 of the existing target bonus, if any, for that
fiscal year when the change of control occurs. 

Further,
upon the officer s death or disability, as defined, during the officer s term of employment, the officer s estate or
the officer, as applicable, becomes entitled to, among other things, a lump-sum payment and full vesting of all outstanding
equity grants made to the officer. 

In
the event an officer s employment is terminated at the end of the term upon the notice of non-renewal and the officer remains employed
until the end of the term, the officer will be entitled to receive six months base salary and continued benefits for six months. 

In
addition, the Company agreed to the following compensation for each non-employee director: 

(A)
an . 

(B)
an . 

The
director compensation set forth above is subject to upward adjustment upon the successful uplisting of the Company to a national securities
exchange, whereupon the Restricted Stock Grant will be increased to per year and the Cash Fees will be increased to 
per year. 

In
addition, the Company agreed to enter into indemnification agreements with each of its officers and directors. 

See
Note 9 for applicable ASC 718 disclosures related to these grants. 

Legal
Matters 

The
Company is a party to two separate matters in the United States District Court, Western District of Louisiana (Alexandria Division) from
December 30, 2021. The matters allege that the Company acted in bad faith, and the plaintiffs seek to recover all proceeds from the Company
on the sale of production without deducting any costs. The two cases combined total in estimated production. These cases are
still in the early stages and Management has concluded that there is a remote possibility of the plaintiff
securing a favorable outcome and has not accrued for these amounts. The Company maintains that their costs
on the leases in question exceed the proceeds received from the sale of production. 

The
Company is the operator of leases that relate to a matter in the 7 th Judicial District Court, Concordia Parish, Louisiana
from September 2021. The Company received a verbal demand to plug wells that have no future utility in Concordia Parish to avoid being
named in a lawsuit. In August 2022, the plaintiff filed the lawsuit which did not name the Company because it had performed certain work,
including the plugging and abandonment of a well, removal of certain equipment and upgrades at one of its tank battery facilities on
the property. Moreover, the Company executed a tolling agreement that suspended the statute of limitations, which has been amended twice
and currently expires in October 2023. 

and 
of accounts receivable, of which two of the customers in 2023 have been reserved in the allowance for doubtful accounts, respectively.
In addition, two and three customers represent approximately 
and 
of total revenues for the Company for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Supplier
Concentration . Certain of the raw materials, components and equipment used by the Company in the manufacture of its products are
available from single-sourced vendors. Shortages could occur in these essential materials and components due to an interruption of supply
or increased demand in the industry. If the Company were unable to procure certain materials, components or equipment at acceptable prices,
it would be required to reduce its manufacturing operations, which could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations.
In addition, the Company may make prepayments to certain suppliers or enter into minimum volume commitment agreements. Should these suppliers
be unable to deliver on their obligations or experience financial difficulty, the Company may not be able to recover these prepayments. 

The
Company occasionally maintains cash balances in excess of the FDIC insured limit. The Company does not consider this risk to be material. 

Commodity
price risk 

We
are exposed to fluctuations in commodity prices for oil and natural gas. Commodity prices are affected by many factors, including but
not limited to, supply and demand. 

Secured Promissory Note Promissory Note to an unrelated third party.
The term of the Promissory Note is one-year and the Promissory Note bears interest at the rate of per annum.
Interest payments in the amount of are to be paid quarterly on November 30, 2022, February 28, 2023, May 31, 2023 and August 31,
2023. The Promissory Note is secured by the full title and ownership of the current and future intellectual property and results associated
with the Millbrook 3D Seismic project in Wilkinson County, MS which is currently being performed by ClearRock Geophysics LLC. The Company
has recorded interest income of on the Promissory Note for the year ended March 31, 2023. On December 30, 2022, the Company was
repaid the Promissory Note and the remaining accrued interest income receivable. 

at March 31,
2022 for the pre-combination reporting entity is not reflected on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

- 
 
 Operating expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Other (income) loss 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss from discontinued operations 
 
 - 

The
following represents the calculation of the loss on disposal of Norr at September 20, 2022: 

Proceeds from sale 

Cash 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Loss on disposal of discontinued operations 

The
following represents the calculation of the loss on disposal of Elysian at September 21, 2022: 

Proceeds from sale 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Loss on disposal of discontinued operations 

- 
 
 State income taxes at statutory rate 
 
 - 
 
 Permanent differences 
 
 - 
 
 True-up impact 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 
 - 
 
 Totals 

- 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Stock options 
 
 - 
 
 ROU Liability 
 
 - 
 
 Intangibles Oil and Gas Properties 
 
 - 
 
 Asset Retirement Obligations 
 
 - 
 
 Bad debt 

Consulting fees 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 
 - 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

ROU Assets 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation 
 
 - 

Total deferred tax liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax liabilities before valuation allowance 
 
 - 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 
 - 

Net deferred tax assets/liabilities 
 - 
 - 

The
federal net operating loss at March 31, 2023 is . There is also State net operating losses of in Louisiana and
 in Mississippi. After consideration of all the evidence, both positive and negative, Management has recorded a full valuation
allowance at March 31, 2023, due to the uncertainty of realizing the deferred income tax assets. The federal and Louisiana net operating
losses carry forward has an indefinite life due to the tax law change from 2017. Net operating losses in Mississippi expire on March
31, 2043. 

The
Company is subject to taxation in the US and various state jurisdictions. No income tax returns are currently under examination as the
Company files its initial return for 2022. As of March 31, 2023, the Company does not have any unrecognized tax benefits, and continues
to monitor its current and prior tax positions for any changes. 

The
Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, for unrecognized tax benefits as part of income tax expense. For the year ended March
31, 2023, there were no interest and penalties recorded in income tax expense. 

from sales of Series C preferred stock under the same terms as the previous
sales, as well as an additional from the PIPE offering, for which the deposit has not been made yet. 

On
May 10, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment with the holder of the Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible Note dated
December 16, 2022 (see Note 7), and the designated counterparty under that certain Letter Agreement dated December 16, 2022 pursuant
to which the Note and Consulting Agreement were amended as follows: (A) with respect to the Note, (i) the monthly redemption payment
obligation was eliminated, (ii) the mandatory prepayment amount with respect to principal was increased from to , or ,
(iii) the mandatory default amount with respect to principal was increased from to , or ; and (iv) the optional
redemption amount with respect to principal was increased from to , or ; and (B) with respect to the Consulting
Agreement, an additional clause was added providing that the consultant shall receive on the date ending 180 days after the date a registration
statement filed by the company registering the sale of the shares issuable thereunder is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange
Commission, an additional number of shares of common stock if necessary such that the consultant shall have received a number of shares
equal to divided by the price per share of the common stock as of such date. 

Between
April 1, 2023 and June 1, 2023, the Company entered into employment agreements with three individuals. The agreements range between and , with annual salaries ranging between and . The Company granted a total of RSUs to the three
individuals that are all service-based grants that vest over five to ten years. 

In
June 2023, the Company issued 
 shares to its three non-employee directors that
were earned through March 31, 2023. 

The
Company entered into five-year Employment Agreements effective May 2023 with Colin Cosgrove and Zackery Holley. 

Mr.
Cosgrove, as Chief Executive Officer of the WR Fund Manager, receives a monthly base salary of which for the first two years
operates as a draw against commissions. This means that if commissions for a given month are less than the draw, Mr. Cosgrove receives
no commissions; if the commissions are higher than the draw in a given month, Mr. Cosgrove will receive the difference within five business
days. After the first two years he will receive both his monthly base salary and monthly commissions, regardless of whether the commissions
are more or less than the salary. The commissions will be of capital raised by the WR Fund and will be paid by the Company s
broker-dealer subsidiary if it receives FINRA approval. Mr. Cosgrove has the power to allocate the 10 between himself, Mr. Holley and
any other persons associated with the broker-dealer. Because it is possible FINRA will not approve the broker-dealer acquisition, and
the commissions by a registered broker-dealer, there is a risk that Mr. Cosgrove may not be paid the commissions. 

Mr.
Holley, as Executive Vice President of the WR Fund Manager, receives a monthly base salary of which for the first two years operates
as a draw against commissions. This means that if commissions for a given month are less than the draw, Mr. Holley receives no commissions;
if the commissions are higher than the draw in a given month, Mr. Holley will receive the difference within five business days. After
the first two years he will receive both his monthly base salary and monthly commissions, regardless of whether the commissions are more
or less than the salary. The commissions will be of capital raised by the WR Fund (or any entities they raise money for) and will
be paid by the Company s broker-dealer subsidiary if it receives FINRA approval. Mr. Holley has the power to allocate the between
himself, Mr. Holley and any other persons associated with the broker-dealer. Because it is possible FINRA will not approve the broker-dealer
acquisition, and the commissions by a registered broker-dealer, there is a risk that Mr. Holley may not be paid the commissions. 

Each
of Messrs. Cosgrove and Holley are eligible for quarterly bonuses as determined by Mr. Puchir with the approval of Mr. May. Each of
Messrs. Cosgrove and Holley received a grant of 
RSUs with 
vested, 
vesting each May for four years and the balance of 
RSUs vesting on May 2028, subject in all cases to continued employment on each applicable vesting date. Messrs. Cosgrove and
Holly each have 
participation rights in future wells drilled by the Company except for the Fund, which rights apply to future investment
partnerships the Company sponsors. 

SUPPLEMENTAL
INFORMATION ON OIL AND GAS PRODUCING ACTIVITIES (UNAUDITED) 

The
following supplemental unaudited information regarding the Company s oil and gas activities is presented pursuant to the disclosure
requirements of ASC 932. All of the Company s activities are in the United States. 

Lease operating costs 

Depletion, accretion and impairment 

Result of oil and gas producing activities before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 

Unevaluated wells in progress 

Less accumulated depletion and impairment 

Net capitalized costs 

Development costs 
 - 

Exploration costs 
 
 - 

Reserve
Quantity Information 

The
supplemental unaudited presentation of proved reserve quantities and related standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows
provides estimates only and does not purport to reflect realizable values or fair market values of the Company s reserves. The
Company emphasizes that reserve estimates are inherently imprecise and that estimates of new discoveries are more imprecise than those
of producing oil and gas properties. Accordingly, significant changes to these estimates can be expected as future information becomes
available. 

The
Company s proved oil and gas reserves have been estimated by the certified independent engineering firm, Ryder Scott Company, LP.
Proved reserves are the estimated quantities that geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be recoverable
in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. Proved developed reserves are the quantities
expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods when the estimates were made. Due to the
inherent uncertainties and the limited nature of reservoir data, such estimates are subject to change as additional information becomes
available. The reserves actually recovered and the timing of production of these reserves may be substantially different from the original
estimate. Revisions result primarily from new information obtained from development drilling and production history; acquisitions of
oil and gas properties; and changes in economic factors. As of March 31, 2023, our total reserves were comprised of our working interest
in our wells in Louisiana and Mississippi. 

Net Proved Developed, Non-Producing 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Net Proved Developed 

Net Proved Undeveloped 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Net Proved 

Revisions of previous estimates 

Improved recovery 
 - 
 - 
 
 Purchases of minerals in place 
 - 
 - 
 
 Extensions and discoveries 
 - 
 - 
 
 Production 

Sales of minerals in place 

End of year 

Petroleum
and Natural Gas Reserves 

Reserves
are estimated remaining quantities of oil and natural gas and related substances, which by analysis of geoscience and engineering data,
can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward, from known resources, and under existing
economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate
expire. 

Standardized
Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Reserves 

The
standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and natural gas reserves and the changes in standardized
measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and natural gas reserves were prepared in accordance with provisions
of ASC 932, Extractive Activities Oil and Gas. Future cash inflows as March 31, 2023 and 2022 were computed by
applying the unweighted, arithmetic average of the closing price on the first day of each month for the twelve month period prior to
March 31, 2023 and 2022 to estimated future production. Future production and development costs are computed by estimating the expenditures
to be incurred in developing and producing the proved oil and natural gas reserves at year-end, based on year-end costs and assuming
continuation of existing economic conditions. The standardized measure includes costs for future dismantlement, abandonment and rehabilitation
obligations. 

Future
income tax expenses are calculated by applying appropriate year-end tax rates to future pretax net cash flows relating to proved oil
and natural gas reserves, less the tax basis of properties involved. Future income tax expenses give effect to permanent differences,
tax credits and loss carry forwards relating to the proved oil and natural gas reserves. Future net cash flows are discounted at a rate
of ten percent annually to derive the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows. This calculation procedure does not necessarily
result in an estimate of the fair market value of the Company s oil and natural gas properties. 

The
standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and natural gas reserves for the years ended March 31,
2023 and 2022 are as follows: 

Less: Future production tax expense 

Future gross revenue after production taxes 

Less: Future operating costs 

Less: Ad Valorem Taxes 
 - 

Less: Development costs 

Future net income (loss) before taxes 

Less: Future income tax expense (1) 
 - 
 - 
 
 10 annual discount for estimated timing of cash flows 

Discounted future net cash flows 

(1) 

Changes
in Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows 

The
changes in the standardized measure of future net cash flows relating to proved oil and natural gas reserves for the years ended March
31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows: 

Net changes in prices and production costs 

Net changes in future development costs 

Sales of oil and gas produced, net 

Extensions, discoveries and improved recovery 
 - 
 - 
 
 Purchases of reserves 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sales of reserves 

Revisions of previous quantity estimates 

Previously estimated development costs incurred 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net change income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accretion of discount 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance - ending 

In
accordance with SEC requirements, the pricing used in the Company s standardized measure of future net revenues in based on the
twelve-month unweighted arithmetic average of the first day of the month price for the period April through March for each period presented
and adjusted by lease for transportation fees and regional price differentials. The use of SEC pricing rules may not be indicative of
actual prices realized by the Company in the future. 

Reconciliation
of PV-10 to the Standardized Measure 

The
Company does not expect to be taxable or pay cash income taxes based on its available net operating loss NOL carryforwards
and additional net tax assets generated in the development of its reserves. As such, the standardized measure does not include an income
tax provision thus the PV-10 amount is the same as the standardized measure. 

PV-10
is the estimated present value of the future net revenues from our estimated proved natural gas and oil reserves before income taxes
discounted using a 10 discount rate. PV-10 is considered a non-GAAP financial measure under SEC regulations because it does not include
the effects of future income taxes, as is required in computing the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows. We believe
that PV-10 is an important measure that can be used to evaluate the relative significance of our oil and gas properties and that PV-10
is widely used by securities analysts and investors when evaluating oil and gas companies. Because many factors that are unique to each
individual company impact the amount of future income taxes to be paid, the use of a pre-tax measure provides greater comparability of
assets when evaluating companies. We believe that most other companies in the oil and gas industry calculate PV-10 on the same basis
as the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows but without deducting income taxes. 

F- 38 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

We
are required to maintain disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange
Act. Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Report, Mr. Jay Puchir, who is presently serving as our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure
that the information relating to our company, required to be disclosed in our SEC reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure as a result of material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our
 assets; 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of our management and directors; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

65 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the parameters set forth above and has
concluded that as of March 31, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as a result of the following material weaknesses: 

The
 Company does not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions due to only having one individual serving as its
 principal executive, financial and accounting officer and no other internal financial or accounting personnel. 

Lack of formal review procedures including multiple level of review over
accounting financial reporting process due to the small size of its accounting staff. 

The
 Company does not have sufficient written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. 

The
 Company s financial reporting is carried out with the assistance of an outside financial consultant. 

We
plan to rectify these weaknesses by implementing written policies and procedures for our internal control of financial reporting, and
hiring additional accounting personnel at such time as we have sufficient financial and human capital resources to do so. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

66 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
table below sets forth certain information concerning our executive officers and directors, including their names, ages, and positions
with us. Our executive officers are chosen by our Board and hold their respective offices until their resignation or earlier removal
by the Board. 

Our
Bylaws, as amended, provide for a classified Board, with the Board divided into four classes, with each class consisting as nearly as
possible of one fourth of the number of directors constituting the full Board. Subject to the rights of holders of any series of preferred
stock, each director shall serve for a term ending on the fourth annual meeting of stockholders following the annual meeting at which
such director was elected. The initial terms of each class of directors are as follows: (i) Class A shall serve for a term expiring at
the Company s first annual stockholder s meeting after the effectiveness of the Bylaws (August 15, 2022), (ii) Class B shall
serve for a term expiring at the second stockholder s meeting after August 15, 2023, (iii) Class C shall serve for a term expiring
at the third stockholder s meeting after August 15, 2024, and (iv) Class D shall serve for a term expiring at the third stockholder s
meeting after August 15, 2025. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Board
 Class 
 
 Jay
 Puchir 
 
 47 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 
 N/A 
 
 Randy
 May 
 
 59 
 
 Executive
 Chairman 
 
 Class
 D 
 
 Danny
 Hames 
 
 64 
 
 Director 
 
 Class
 C 
 
 James
 Cahill 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Class
 B 
 
 Greg
 Landis 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Class
 A 
 
 Alisa
 Horgan 
 
 30 
 
 Director 
 
 Class
 D 

The
following information pertains to the members of our Board and executive officers, their principal occupations and other public company
directorships for at least the last five years and information regarding their specific experiences, qualifications, attributes and skills: 

Jay
Puchir . Mr. Puchir has served as the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company since July 2022. He has
served as Chief Financial Officer of Ecoark since April 12, 2022 and Treasurer of Ecoark since October 22, 2020. Mr. Puchir has served
as co-fund manager of White River Private Capital Management LLC since November 2022. Mr. Puchir also served as the Chief Executive Officer
and President of Banner Midstream Corp., a former Ecoark subsidiary, from its formation in April 2018 to September 2022. He previously
was Chief Financial Officer of Agora Digital Holdings, Inc., a majority owned subsidiary of Ecoark, from September 2021 to April 2022.
Mr. Puchir served in various roles with Ecoark as an executive at the Company including Director of Finance from December 2016 to March
2017, Chief Executive Officer from March 2017 to October 2017, Chief Financial Officer from October 2017 to May 2018 and Chief Accounting
Officer from March 2020 to October 2020. He served as Chief Executive Officer of Banner Energy Services Corp. from November 2019 to August
2020 and as Chairman from February 2020 to August 2020. Mr. Puchir is a licensed Certified Public Accountant in the State of South Carolina. 

67 

Randy
S. May. Mr. May has served as Executive Chairman since July 2022. He has served as Chairman of the Ecoark Board since April 11, 2016
and served as Chief Executive Officer of Ecoark from April 13, 2016 through March 28, 2017, and then again from September 21, 2017, to
the present. Mr. May has also served as the Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Agora, an approximately 89 owned subsidiary
of the Company, since September 2021. Mr. May is a 25-year retail and supply-chain veteran with experience in marketing, operational
and executive roles. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. May held a number of roles with WalMart Stores, Inc. Walmart ).
From 1998 to 2004, Mr. May served as Divisional Manager for half the United States for one of Walmart s specialty divisions, where
he was responsible for all aspects of strategic planning, finance, and operations for more than 1,800 stores. Mr. May s qualifications
and background that qualify him to serve on the Board include his strong managerial and leadership experience, his extensive knowledge
of strategic planning, finance and operations, as well his ability to guide the Company. 

Danny
Hames. Mr. Hames has served as a director of the Company since July 2022. He also served as President and Chief Executive Officer
of SemahTronix, LLC, a wiring harness assembly business, from April 2017 to September 2021 when he retired. 

James
Cahill. Mr. Cahill has served as a director of the Company since July 2022. Since September 2002, Mr. Cahill has been a restaurant
owner and manager for various restaurants in New York. 

Greg
Landis. Mr. Landis has served as a director of the Company since July 2022. Since 2011, Mr. Landis has served as the President of
Landis Associates PLLC. 

Alisa
Horgan. Ms. Horgan has served as a director of the Company since July 2022 and as Chief Administrative Officer since December 2,
2022. From May 2018 through July 2022, Ms. Horgan was a real estate broker. From July 2017 through May 2018, Ms. Horgan served as the
President of Vetritionals. 

Corporate
Governance 

Appointment
of Officers 

Each
executive officer serves at the discretion of our Board and holds office until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until his
earlier resignation or removal. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have not adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, however we plan to adopt such a code, that will apply to all of our employees,
officers and directors, prior to or upon to effectiveness of the Registration Statement. Upon the adoption of the code of business conduct
and ethics, the full text of our code will be posted on our website. We intend to disclose any amendments to our code of business conduct
and ethics, or waivers of its requirements, on our website or in filings under the Exchange Act. 

68 

Board
of Directors 

Our
business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board. We currently have five directors. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director concerning his or
her background, employment, and affiliations, our Board has determined that Danny Hames, Greg Landis and James Cahill do not have a relationship
that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each of these
directors is independent as that term is defined under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq listing
standards. In making these determinations, our Board considered the current and prior relationships that each non-employee director has
with our company and all other facts and circumstances our Board deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial
ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee director, and the transactions involving them described above. 

Family
Relationships 

Alisa
Horgan, a director of the Company, is the daughter of Randy S. May, Executive Chairman and a director, and wife of Richard Horgan, current
Vice President of M A, former Chief Executive Officer and former director. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
Board has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The composition
and responsibilities of each of the committees of our Board is described below. Members will serve on these committees until their resignation
or until as otherwise determined by our Board. Our Board may establish other committees as it deems necessary or appropriate from time-to-time. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
Audit Committee is comprised of Danny Hames, Greg Landis and James Cahill. Greg Landis is the Chairman of our Audit Committee and meets
the requirements for independence under the current Nasdaq listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. In addition, our Board has
determined that Mr. Landis is an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K promulgated
under the Securities Act. This designation does not impose on him any duties, obligations, or liabilities that are greater than are generally
imposed on members of our audit and compliance committee and our Board. Each member of our Audit Committee is financially literate. Our
Audit Committee is directly responsible for, among other things: 

selecting
 a firm to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our consolidated financial statements; 

69 

ensuring
 the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

discussing
 the scope and results of the audit with the independent registered public accounting firm and reviewing, with management and that
 firm, our interim and year-end operating results; 

establishing
 procedures for employees to anonymously submit concerns about questionable accounting or audit matters; 

considering
 the adequacy of our internal controls and internal audit function; 

inquiring
 about significant risks, reviewing our policies for risk assessment and risk management, including cybersecurity risks, and assessing
 the steps management has taken to control these risks; 

reviewing
 and overseeing our policies related to compliance risks; 

reviewing
 related party transactions that are material or otherwise implicate disclosure requirements; and 

approving
 or, as permitted, pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting
 firm. 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
Compensation Committee is comprised of Danny Hames, Greg Landis and James Cahill. James Cahill is the Chairman of our Compensation Committee.
The composition of our compensation committee meets the requirements for independence under the current Nasdaq listing standards and
SEC rules and regulations. Each member of this Committee is a non-employee director, as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange
Act. Our Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other things: 

reviewing
 and approving, or recommending that our Board approve, the compensation and the terms of any compensatory agreements of our executive
 officers; 

reviewing
 and recommending to our Board the compensation of our directors; 

administering
 our stock and equity incentive plans; 

reviewing
 and approving, or making recommendations to our Board with respect to, incentive compensation and equity plans; and 

70 

establishing
 our overall compensation philosophy. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is comprised of Danny Hames, Greg Landis and James Cahill. Danny Hames is the Chairman
of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The composition of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meets the
requirements for independence under the current Nasdaq listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. Our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee is responsible for, among other things: 

identifying
 and recommending candidates for membership on our Board; 

recommending
 directors to serve on Board committees; 

reviewing
 and recommending our corporate governance guidelines and policies; 

reviewing
 succession plans for senior management positions, including the Chief Executive Officer; 

reviewing
 proposed waivers of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for directors, executive officers, and employees (with waivers for directors
 or executive officers to be approved by the Board); 

evaluating,
 and overseeing the process of evaluating, the performance of our Board and individual directors; and 

advising
 our Board on corporate governance matters. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table summarizes all compensation paid, earned or accrued during FY 2023 and FY 2022 with respect to: (i) all individuals who
served as the Company s principal executive officer during FY 2023; (ii) the Company s two most highly compensated executive
officers other than the principal executive officer who were serving as an executive officer of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and
whose compensation exceeded 100,000; and (iii) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (ii)
above but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer of the Company at March 31, 2023 and whose compensation
exceeded 100,000 (the Named Executive Officers ). In FY 2022, White River Holdings did not compensate Messrs. Puchir and
May directly. 

71 

Name and Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary ) 
 Stock Awards )(1) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Jay Puchir (2) 
 2023 
 224,847 
 346,306 
 232,764 
 803,917 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 

Randy May (3) 
 2023 
 246,235 
 346,306 
 232,764 
 825,305 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 2022 

Richard Horgan (4) 
 2023 
 61,290 
 177,691 
 
 238,981 
 
 Vice President of M 
 Former Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 73,500 

(1) 
 Represents
 the fair market value of RSUs granted in December 2022, calculated in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC Topic 718 and SEC rules. Pursuant to SEC rules, the amounts shown disregard the impact of potential forfeitures related to service-based
 vesting conditions. Does not reflect the shares of restricted stock which were issued and subsequently exchanged for RSUs on December
 1, 2022. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Puchir was appointed as the Company s Chief Executive Officer effective July 26, 2022 in connection with our acquisition of
 White River Holdings. Included in All Other Compensation is the value of the vested ORRI related to wells either owned or operated
 by the Company pursuant to the Employment Agreement. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 May was appointed as the Company s Executive Chairman effective July 26, 2022 in connection with our acquisition of White River
 Holdings. All Other Compensation includes Included in All Other Compensation is the value of the vested ORRI related to wells either
 owned or operated by the Company pursuant to the Employment Agreement. 

(4) 
 Mr.
 Horgan is our former Chief Executive Officer. He resigned from that role on July 26, 2022, at which time he was also appointed our
 Vice President of M A. 

72 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The
following table sets forth information concerning unvested RSUs that were granted to Named Executive Officers under an equity incentive
plan and were outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 

Name and Position 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (1) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (1) (3) 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested (2) 
 Equity incentive plan awards: market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested (2) (3) 
 
 Jay Puchir 
 2,500,000 
 2,500,000 
 2,500,000 
 2,500,000 

Randy May 
 2,500,000 
 2,500,000 
 2,500,000 
 2,500,000 

Richard Horgan 
 2,000,000 
 2,000,000 
 - 
 - 

(1)
Represents unvested RSUs granted under the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan which is described under Equity Compensation
Plan Information below. With respect to each of Messrs. Puchir and May, the RSUs reflected in the column vest in five equal annual
increments over a five-year period with the first vesting date on December 1, 2023. With respect to Mr. Horgan, the RSUs vest in 10 equal
annual increments over a 10-year period, with the first vesting date on December 1, 2023. The Executive Employment Agreements are described
in more detail under Agreements with Executive Officers and key employees below. 

(2)
For each recipient, represents unvested RSUs granted under the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, which are subject to the following
performance-based vesting conditions: (A) 500,000 shares shall vest as soon as the Company reports an average of at least 1,000 gross
barrels of oil production per day BOPD in a completed quarter via a Form 10-Q or 10-K report; (B) 500,000 shares shall
vest as soon as the Company reports an average of at least 2,000 BOPD in a completed quarter via a Form 10-Q or 10-K report; (C) 500,000
shares shall vest as soon as the Company reports an average of at least 3,000 BOPD in a completed quarter via a Form 10-Q or 10-K report;
(D) 500,000 shares shall vest as soon as the Company reports an average of at least 4,000 BOPD in a completed quarter via a Form 10-Q
or 10-K report; (E) 500,000 shares shall vest as soon as the Company reports an average of at least 5,000 BOPD in a completed quarter
via a Form 10-Q or 10-K report. 

(3)
The market value of the unvested RSUs is calculated by multiplying the number of shares of common stock underlying the RSUs by 1.00,
which was the closing market price of our common stock on March 31, 2023. 

Agreements
with Executive Officers and Key Employees 

The
Company s Board approved five-year Executive Employment Agreements (the Agreements pursuant to which our executive
officers are entitled to the following compensation and other rights. These executive officers received grants of restricted stock in
July 2022 which were cancelled and replaced on December 2, 2022 by RSUs with identical economic terms: For clarity, we only refer to
the RSUs. 

Randy
May, our Executive Chairman, is receiving an annual base salary of 400,000, and was granted 5,000,000 RSUs with half of the RSUs vesting
annually over a five-year period and the remainder vesting based on performance metrics set forth in the Agreement. Under his Agreement,
Mr. May was also granted the following rights related to the Company s oil and gas operations: 

(A)
an ORRI to be held in perpetuity from either the Company or its subsidiaries equal to 5 in any and all successfully drilled and completed
oil and/or gas wells during the term of his employment. 

73 

(B)
a 15 participation right in the funding and ownership interest in any drilling or participation by the Company or any subsidiary in
the drilling by the Company or a third party of an oil and gas well other than the Fund (a Participation Right ). 

Jay
Puchir, our Chief Executive Officer, is receiving an annual base salary of 350,000 and was granted 5,000,000 shares of RSUs with half
of the RSUs vesting annually over a five-year period and the remainder vesting based on performance metrics set forth in the Agreement.
Under his Agreement, Mr. Puchir was also granted the following rights related to the Company s oil and gas operations: 

(A)
a 5 ORRI during the term of his employment. 

(B)
a 10 Participation Right otherwise identical to Mr. May s. 

Alisa
Horgan, our Chief Administrative Officer and a member of our Board and Mr. May s daughter, is receiving an annual base salary of
 180,000, and was granted 2,000,000 shares of RSUs with the RSUs vesting annually over a 10-year period. 

Her
husband, Richard Horgan, Senior Vice President of M A and our former Chief Executive Officer, is receiving an annual base salary
of 200,000, and was granted 2,000,000 shares of RSUs with the RSUs vesting annually over a 10-year period. 

Colin
Cosgrove and Zackery Holley, our new securities sales executives, each entered into five-year Agreements with the Company effective
May 2023. 

Mr.
Cosgrove, as Chief Executive Officer of the Manager, receives a monthly base salary of 85,000 which for the first two years
operates as a draw against commissions. This means that if commissions for a given month are less than the draw, Mr. Cosgrove
receives no commissions; if the commissions are higher than the draw in a given month, Mr. Cosgrove will receive the difference
within five business days. After the first two years he will receive both his monthly base salary and monthly commissions,
regardless of whether the commissions are more or less than the salary. The commissions will be 10 of capital raised by the Fund
and will be paid by the Company s broker-dealer subsidiary if it receives FINRA approval. Mr. Cosgrove has the power to
allocate the 10 between himself and any other persons associated with the broker-dealer. Because it is possible either
FINRA will not approve the broker-dealer acquisition, or an external broker-dealer will not agree to manage Mr. Cosgrove while the
broker-dealer acquisition is pending, and the commissions earned by a registered broker-dealer, there is a risk that Mr. Cosgrove
may not be paid the commissions. See the Risk Factor at page 34 of this Report. 

Mr.
Holley, as Executive Vice President of the Manager, receives a monthly base salary of 65,000 which for the first two years operates
as a draw against commissions. This means that if commissions for a given month are less than the draw, Mr. Holley receives no
commissions; if the commissions are higher than the draw in a given month, Mr. Holley will receive the difference within five
business days. After the first two years he will receive both his monthly base salary and monthly commissions, regardless of whether
the commissions are more or less than the salary. The commissions will be 10 of capital raised by the Fund (or any entities they
raise money for) and will be paid by the Company s broker-dealer subsidiary if it receives FINRA approval. Mr. Holley has the
power to allocate the 10 between himself and any other persons associated with the
broker-dealer. Because it is possible FINRA will not approve the broker-dealer acquisition, and the commissions by a registered
broker-dealer, there is a risk that Mr. Holley may not be paid the commissions. See the Risk Factor at page 34 of this
Report. 

74 

Each
of Messrs. Cosgrove and Holley are eligible for quarterly bonuses as determined by Mr. Puchir with the approval of Mr. May. Each of
Messrs. Cosgrove and Holley received a grant of 2,500,000 RSUs with 850,000 vested, 200,000 vesting each May for four years and
the balance of 850,000 RSUs vesting in May 2028, subject in all cases to continued employment on each applicable vesting date.
Messrs. Cosgrove and Holly each have 10 participation rights in future wells drilled by the Company except for the Fund, which
rights apply to future investment partnerships the Company sponsors. 

Due to certain drafting ambiguities which may impede the success of their capital raising abilities, the Company is seeking to amend certain
portions of Messrs. Cosgrove and Holley s Agreements. While we believe we will reach an agreement with each to resolve the ambiguities
and drafting errors, we cannot assure you we will be successful. See Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Each
of the above Agreements are also subject to the following severance provisions: 

In
the event of termination by the Company without cause or resignation by the officer for good reason, each
person is entitled to receive 2.99 years base salary, immediate vesting of unvested equity awards and continued benefits for six
months. 

In
case of termination or adverse change in title upon a change of control, each person is entitled to receive 2.99 years base salary,
immediate vesting of unvested equity awards, continued benefits for 18 months and 100 of the existing target bonus, if any, for that
fiscal year when the change of control occurs. In such event, Messrs. Cosgrove and Holley are also entitled to earned commissions under
their Agreements. 

Generally,
 change of control is defined in the Agreements to include a transfer of 50 of the voting securities or interests of the
Company or a key subsidiary (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code and Treasury Regulations thereunder), including through a merger
or asset purchase, a change in the majority of the Board in a two-year period, or a liquidation or dissolution by the Company. The definition
of change of control is subject to certain exceptions and limitations as more particularly set forth in the Agreements. 

Generally,
 good reason is defined as a material diminution in the person s authority, duties or responsibilities due to no fault
of his or her own (unless he or she has agreed to such diminution); any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by
the Company under the Agreement; or a relocation of the principal place of employment to a location outside the location specified in
the Agreements. 

75 

Generally,
 cause is defined as a felony conviction or plea related to the business of the Company; gross negligence or intentional
misconduct in carrying our his or her duties resulting in material harm to the Company; misappropriation of Company funds or otherwise
defrauding the Company; breach of fiduciary duty to the Company; material breach of any agreement with the Company without timely cure;
breach of certain restrictive covenants set forth in the Agreement; a federal injunction enjoining the person from violating federal
securities laws; a cease and desist order or other order issued by the SEC; refusal to carry out a resolution adopted by the Company s
Board after a reasonable opportunity to dispute such resolution; or alcohol or drug abuse in a manner that interferes with the successful
performance of his or her duties. 

Further,
upon the person s death or disability, as defined, during the person s term of employment, the person s estate or the
person, as applicable, becomes entitled to, among other things, a 500,000 lump-sum payment and full vesting of all outstanding equity
grants made to the person. However, for Messrs. Cosgrove and Holley, the lump sum amount is 100,000 rather than 500,000. 

In
the event a person s employment is terminated at the end of the term upon the notice of non-renewal and the person remains employed
until the end of the term, the person will be entitled to receive six months base salary and continued benefits for six months
and all equity awards will vest. 

Under
the terms of the Agreements, the executive officers are subject to non-competition and non-solicitation covenants during the term of
their employment and during one year following termination of employment with the Company. The Agreements also contain customary confidentiality
and non-disparagement covenants. 

Director
Compensation 

Our
employees do not receive compensation for serving as members of our Board. Our non-employee directors receive compensation for their
service as directors and members of committees of the Board, consisting of cash and equity awards, as more particularly described below
under Narrative Description of Director Compensation. The following table sets forth the compensation paid, accrued or
earned with respect to each non-employee director in FY 2023. 

Name and Position 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards )(1) 
 Total ) 
 
 Danny Hames 
 37,500 
 75,000 
 112,500 

James Cahill 
 37,500 
 75,000 
 112,500 

Greg Landis 
 37,500 
 75,000 
 112,500 

(1)
For each director, represents the grant date fair value calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 

76 

Narrative
Description of Director Compensation 

The
Company agreed to the following compensation for each non-employee director: 

(A)
an annual grant of 100,000 in RSUs which will vest on the final business day of each quarter equal to one-fourth of the total stipend,
or 25,000 per quarter, with the number of shares to be determined based on the volume weighted average price of the Company s
common stock as of each quarterly vesting and delivery of the underlying shares scheduled 10 days following each vesting (subject to
the recipient s ability to elect to defer such delivery). 

(B)
an annual cash fee of 50,000 which will vest on the final business day of each quarter equal to one-fourth of the total fee, or 12,500
per quarter (the Cash Fees ). 

The
director compensation set forth above is subject to upward adjustment upon the successful uplisting of the Company s common stock
to a national securities exchange, whereupon the RSU grant will be increased to 200,000 per year and the Cash Fees will be increased
to 100,000 per year. The existing directors also initially received restricted stock grants which were cancelled on December 1, 2022
in exchange for RSU grants. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

On
December 2, 2022 the Board approved the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ). The 2022 Plan enables
the Company to provide stock-based incentives that align the interests of employees, consultants and directors with those of the stockholders
of the Company by motivating these persons to achieve long-term results and rewarding them for their achievements; to attract and retain
the types of employees, consultants and directors who will contribute to the Company s long-range success; and to promote the success
of the Company s business. 

77 

The
following chart reflects the number of securities granted under equity compensation plans approved and not approved by stockholders and
the weighted average exercise price for such plans as of March 31, 2023. 

Name Of Plan 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights ) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (1)(2) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 17,425,000 
 - 
 7,575,000 
 
 Total 
 17,425,000 
 
 7,575,000 

(1)
Represents RSUs issued under the 2022 Plan. Does not include 5,000,000 RSUs issued to two key executives who were hired to raise money for the Fund and future investment partnerships. 

(2)
As of the filing of this Report, 1,257,866 shares are available for future grant. 

Material
Terms of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan 

The
following is a summary of the material terms of the 2022 Plan, which is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the 2022 Plan,
a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.5 to this Report. 

Duration
of the 2022 Plan 

The
2022 Plan became effective upon approval by the Board and will remain in effect until December 2, 2032, unless terminated earlier by
the Board. 

Plan
Administration 

The
2022 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee or, in the Board s sole discretion,
by the Board. The Committee will have the authority to, among other things, interpret the 2022 Plan, determine who will be granted awards
under the 2022 Plan, determine the terms and conditions of each award, and take action as it determines to be necessary or advisable
for the administration of the 2022 Plan. 

Eligibility 

The
Committee may grant awards to any employee, consultant or director of the Company and its affiliates. However, only employees are eligible
to receive Incentive Stock Options ISOs as defined by the Internal Revenue Code. If we do not obtain stockholder approval
of the 2022 Plan by December 2, 2023, we will not be able to issue ISOs under the 2022 Plan. 

Shares
Available for Awards; Limits on Awards 

The
2022 Plan authorizes the issuance of up to 25,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock. If any outstanding award expires or
is cancelled, forfeited, or terminated without issuance of the full number of shares of common stock to which the award related, then
the shares subject to such award will again become available for future grant under the 2022 Plan. 

78 

Types
of Awards That May Be Granted 

Subject
to the limits in the 2022 Plan, the Committee has the authority to set the size and type of award and any vesting or performance conditions.
The types of awards that may be granted under the 2022 Plan are: stock options (including both ISOs and non-qualified stock options),
restricted stock, RSUs, and Stock Appreciation Rights SARs ). 

Stock
Options 

A
stock option is the right to purchase shares of common stock at a future date at a specified price per share called the exercise price.
An option may be either an ISO (if approved by our stockholders) or a non-qualified stock option. Except in the case of options granted
pursuant to an assumption or substitution for another option, the exercise price of a stock option may not be less than the fair market
value (or in the case of an ISO granted to a 10 stockholder, 110 of the fair market value) of a share of common stock on the grant
date. 

Stock
Appreciation Rights 

A
SAR is the right to receive payment of an amount of cash or shares of common stock having a value equal to the excess of the fair market
value of a share of common stock on the date of exercise of the SAR over the exercise price. The exercise price of a SAR may not be less
than the fair market value of a share of common stock on the grant date. SARs may be granted alone or in tandem with an option granted
under the 2022 Plan. SARs may be settled in cash or in common stock at the discretion of the Committee. 

Restricted
Stock 

A
restricted stock award is an award of actual shares of common stock which is subject to certain restrictions on sale for a period of
time determined by the Committee. Restricted stock may be held by the Company or in escrow or delivered to the participant pending the
release of the restrictions. Participants who receive restricted stock awards generally have the rights and privileges of stockholders
regarding the shares of restricted stock during the restricted period, including the right to vote and the right to receive dividends,
provided that any cash or stock dividends with respect to the restricted stock will be withheld by the Company for the participant s
account, and interest may be credited on the amount of the cash dividends withheld at a rate and subject to such terms as determined
by the Committee. The cash dividends or stock dividends so withheld will be distributed to the participant in cash or, at the discretion
of the Committee, in shares of common stock having a fair market value equal to the amount of such dividends upon the release of restrictions
on such restricted stock, unless such restricted stock is forfeited. 

Restricted
Stock Units (RSUs) 

An
RSU is an award of hypothetical common stock units having a value equal to the fair market value of an identical number of shares of
common stock, which may be subject to certain restrictions for a period of time determined by the Committee. One feature of an RSU is
that delivery of the underlying common stock is delayed until vesting or a later date. No shares of common stock are issued at the time
an RSU is granted, and the Company is not required to set aside any funds for the payment of any RSU award. Because no shares are outstanding,
the participant does not have any rights as a stockholder. The Committee may grant RSUs with a deferral feature (deferred stock units
or DSUs), which defers settlement of the RSU beyond the vesting date until a future payment date or event set out in the participant s
award agreement. The Committee has the discretion to credit RSUs or DSUs with dividend equivalents. 

79 

Adjustments
Upon Changes in Stock 

In
the event of changes in the outstanding common stock or in the capital structure of the Company by reason of any stock or extraordinary
cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, an extraordinary corporate transaction such as any recapitalization, reorganization,
merger, consolidation, combination, exchange, or other relevant change in capitalization occurring after the grant date of any award,
awards granted under the 2022 Plan and any award agreements, the exercise price of options and SARs, the maximum number of shares of
common stock subject to all awards and the maximum number of shares of common stock with respect to which any one person may be granted
awards during any period will be equitably adjusted or substituted, as to the number, price or kind of a share of common stock or other
consideration subject to such awards to the extent necessary to preserve the economic intent of the award. 

Change
of Control 

In
the event of a change of control, the vesting of all awards will fully accelerate and all outstanding options and SARs will become immediately
exercisable only if the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for the outstanding awards. The change of control is defined
as (i) the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets in a transaction
which requires stockholder approval under applicable state law; or (ii) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company
with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding
immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the
surviving entity or its parent) at least 50 of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving
entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation. 

Limitation
on Awards 

The
exercise price of options or SARs granted under the 2022 Plan shall not be less than the fair market value of the underlying common stock
at the time of grant. In the case of ISOs, the exercise price may not be less than 110 of the fair market value in the case of 10 stockholders.
Options and SARs may not be exercisable for a period of more than 10 years after the date of grant, except that the exercise period of
ISOs granted to 10 stockholders is limited to five years. The exercise price may be paid by check or wire transfer or, at the discretion
of the Committee, by delivery of shares of our common stock having a fair market value equal, determined as provided for in the 2022
Plan or otherwise as approved by the Committee, as of the date of exercise to the cash exercise price, or a combination thereof. 

80 

Amendment
or Termination of the 2022 Plan 

The
Board may amend or terminate the 2022 Plan at any time. However, except in the case of adjustments upon changes in common stock, no amendment
will be effective unless approved by the stockholders of the Company to the extent stockholder approval is necessary to satisfy applicable
laws or the rules of any stock exchange or quotation system on which the shares of common stock are listed or quoted, and the applicable
laws of any foreign country or jurisdiction where Awards are granted under the 2022 Plan. Further, any amendment to the 2022 Plan that
impairs the rights of participants who received outstanding grants under the 2022 Plan must be approved by such participants. 

Amendment
of Awards 

The
Committee may amend the terms of any one or more awards. However, the Committee may not amend an award that would impair a participant s
rights under the award without the participant s written consent. 

Forfeiture
and Recoupment 

Each
award and the applicable participant s rights, payments and benefits with respect to an award are subject to reduction, cancellation,
forfeiture or recoupment upon the occurrence of the participant s: (i) breach of a duty of confidentiality, (ii) purchasing or
selling securities of the Company in violation of the Company s insider trading guidelines, (iii) competing with the Company, (iv)
soliciting Company personnel after employment is terminated, (v) failure to assign any invention or technology to the Company if such
assignment is a condition of employment or any other agreements between the Company and the participant, (vi) being terminated for cause,
(vii) violating of the Company s insider trading policy, or (viii) engaging in other conduct that is disloyal or detrimental to
the interests of the Company as determined by the Board. 

Transfer
of Awards 

Except
for ISOs, all awards are transferable subject to compliance with the securities laws and the 2022 Plan. ISOs are only transferable by
will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 

Insider
Trading Policy 

The
Company has implemented an Insider Trading Policy applicable to its officers and directors and employees with access to material nonpublic
information, as well as such persons family members, which generally prohibits such persons from conducting transactions involving
the purchase or sale of the Company s securities during a blackout period. For this purpose, the term blackout period 
is defined in the Policy as a quarterly period beginning on the 16th calendar day of the last month of each fiscal quarter, and ending
one day following the date of public disclosure of the financial results for such fiscal quarter. In addition, under the Policy the Company
may adjust the duration of a particular blackout period, or impose event specific blackout periods, including when there
are nonpublic developments that would be considered material for insider trading law purposes. The Policy also strictly prohibits and
trading on material nonpublic information, regardless of whether such a transaction occurs during a blackout period. 

81 

While
the granting of options and other equity awards to officers, directors and other employees is not expressly addressed in the Insider
Trading Policy described above, the Company follows the same principles set forth in such Policy when granting equity awards, including
options, to its officers, directors and other employees with access to material nonpublic information. Generally the Board or Compensation
Committee does not approve grants of such awards during a blackout period, and does not take material nonpublic information into account
when determining the timing and terms of such an award. Further, the Company does not have a policy or practice of timing the disclosure
of material nonpublic information for the purpose of affecting the value of executive compensation. 

Anti-Hedging
Policy 

Under
the Company s Insider Trading Policy, all officers, directors and certain identified employees are prohibited from engaging in
hedging transactions. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this Report
for: 

each
 of our directors; 

each
 of our executive officers; 

all
 of our current directors and executive officers as a group; and 

each
 person, entity or group, who beneficially owned more than 5 of each of our classes of securities. 

We
have based our calculations of the percentage of beneficial ownership on 10,333,800 shares of our common stock outstanding as of June
29, 2023, and does not include the shares of common stock issuable in connection with the units sold in the PIPE Offering or in the
Spin-Off by Ecoark. This also does not give effect to the shares of restricted stock that we are required to issue to our non-employee
directors upon vesting of RSUs on June 30, 2023. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares
of common stock underlying options, warrants, and preferred stock currently exercisable or convertible within 60 days are deemed outstanding
for the purpose of computing the percentage of the person holding such securities but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage
of any other person. The table includes shares of common stock, options, and warrants exercisable or convertible into common stock and
vested or vesting within 60 days. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table, we believe that each of the stockholders
named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock indicated as beneficially owned by
them. 

The
information provided in the table is based on our records, and information provided to us, except where otherwise noted. Unless
otherwise indicated, the principal business address for each of the individuals and entities listed below is our offices in Fayetteville,
Arkansas. 

82 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Common Stock 
 Percentage of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 
 Randy May (1) 
 1,587,063 
 15.4 
 
 Jay Puchir (2) 
 1,487,063 
 14.4 
 
 Richard Horgan (3) 
 1,587,063 
 15.4 
 
 Danny Hames (4) 
 55,711 

James Cahill (5) 
 55,711 

Greg Landis (6) 
 55,711 

Alisa Horgan (7) 

All officers and directors as a group (6 persons) 
 3,241,259 
 31.4 

5 or more Stockholders 

May Family Foundation (8) 
 1,587,063 
 15.4 
 
 Atikin Investments LLC (9) 
 687,063 
 6.6 
 
 Overcoming the Odds Foundation (10) 
 800,000 
 7.7 

Less than 1 . 
 
 (1) 
 May .
 Mr. May is our Executive Chairman and a director. Represents shares held by The May Family Foundation, which Mr. May may be deemed
 to beneficially own as his niece is a control person of that entity. See footnote (8) below. 
 
 (2) 
 Puchir . Mr. Puchir
 is our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Represents shares of common stock held by Atikin Investments LLC and
 Overcoming the Odds Foundation, entities over which Mr. Puchir holds voting control. 
 
 (3) 
 Horgan . Mr. Horgan
 is our former director and Chief Executive Officer. Represents shares held by The May Family Foundation, an entity over which Mr.
 Horgan holds voting control. 
 
 (4) 
 Hames . Mr. Hames
 is a director of the Company. 
 
 (5) 
 Cahill . Mr. Cahill
 is a director of the Company. 
 
 (6) 
 Landis . Mr. Landis
 is a director of the Company. 
 
 (7) 
 Horgan . Ms. Horgan
 is a director of the Company. She disclaims any beneficial ownership in the common stock held by her husband, Richard Horgan. 
 
 (8) 
 May
 Family Foundation . Elizabeth Boyce is the CEO of the May Family Foundation and deemed
 the beneficial owner of its common stock. See footnote (1) above. 
 
 (9) 
 Atikin Investments LLC .
 Atikin Investments LLC is controlled by Jay Puchir. 
 
 (10) 
 Overcoming
the Odds Foundation . Overcoming the Odds Foundation is controlled by Jay Puchir. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Set
forth below is a brief description of the White River Holding (and us since July 25, 2022) transactions since April 1, 2021 in excess
of the lesser of 120,000 and one percent of the average of the Company s total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal
years, in which we or White River Holdings was a participant and in which any director or executive officer of the Company, any known
5 or greater stockholder of the Company or any immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons, had a direct or indirect material
interest as defined in Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. As permitted by the SEC rules, discussion of employment relationships or transactions
involving the Company s executive officers and directors, and compensation solely resulting from such employment relationships
or transactions, or service as a director of the Company, as the case may be, has been omitted to the extent disclosed in the sections
of this Report titled Executive Compensation or Director Compensation , as applicable. 

83 

White
River Holdings formed the Fund which will consist of private external general and limited partners consisting of retail accredited and
institutional investors who have or will advance proceeds to the Fund in exchange for partnership interests therein. The Fund Manager,
our subsidiary, is the managing General Partner of the Fund. The Fund is currently offering up to 4,200 units of partnership interest
at a price per unit of 25,000 with a minimum investment of one unit or 20,000. Mr. May, our Executive Chairman and Mr. Puchir, our
Chief Executive Officer are also serving in the roles as Co-Fund Managers of the Fund Manager. Proceeds of the Fund are intended to be
used in drilling White River drilling projects whereby White River will receive a 25 promoted working interest and the Fund Manager
will receive a 10 carried working interest at the successful closure of the Fund and 1 annual management fee. White River has made
a commitment to acquire the partnership interest of all investor partners in the Fund 42 months after the termination of the offering
or no later than March 31, 2027 at the PV20 valuation generated by an independent valuation firm, subject to the cash availability of
White River. 

White
River Holdings historically relied upon advances from Ecoark which totaled 25,058,733at March 31, 2022. The sum due at July 25, 2022
was contributed to our capital by Ecoark. 

On
October 13, 2022, White River Operating LLC, an indirect subsidiary of the Company, issued
a 1,500,000 secured promissory note, which was used to purchase two workover rigs (total value of 1,800,000, where the Company paid
a total of 300,000). The note bears interest at the lesser of (i) prime rate plus 7.50 ; and (ii) the maximum rate permitted by applicable
law, and payments consist of interest and principal in the amount of 25,000 per month through October 13, 2025 when the remaining balance
of principal and interest is due. Our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Randy May and Jay Puchir, respectively, executed
and delivered guarantees in favor of the lender to secure this note. The Company repaid this note on December 6, 2022 because certain
unaffiliated oil and gas interest owners declined to execute documents in favor of the lender. 

As
more particularly described under Item 7. - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Liquidity
and Capital Resources-Convertible Note Financing on page 58, pursuant to the SPA under which the Company sold the Note to the
Purchaser, the Company, its direct and indirect subsidiaries, and Jay Puchir and Randy May, executive officers of the Company, entered
into Guarantee Agreements with the Purchaser pursuant to which each subsidiary and Messrs. Puchir and May guaranteed to the Purchaser
the payment of the Note issued under the SPA. In addition, Messrs. Puchir and May pledged the shares of common stock they hold or have
the right to acquire in the anticipated distribution of the Company s common stock by Ecoark as collateral to secure the Company s
obligations under the Note, and each individual also executed affidavits of confession and lock-up agreements to that effect. The affidavits
of confession signed by Messrs. Puchir and May in connection with their Guarantees will permit the Purchaser to obtain a judgment against
them personally upon the occurrence of an event of default without having to file a lawsuit. 

84 

In
connection with the Company s acquisition of White River Holdings from Ecoark in July 2022, the Company has voluntarily offered
Ault certain participation rights in its oil and gas exploration and drilling ventures Participation Rights which are
substantially similar to the rights Ecoark had given Ault. Specifically, under these Participation Rights if the Company determines to
drill or participate in the drilling by a third party of an oil and gas well (an O G Venture ), the Company will offer
Ault or a designee the right to participate in such O G Venture by investing a percentage of the Company s funding obligation
of such O G Venture. If the O G Venture is successfully drilled, logged, and completed and is determined to be economically viable
then Ault or its designee will receive its proportionate ownership through an assigned working interest in the division order which is
supplied to the midstream carrier selected to purchase the well s production. Ault exercised these Participation Rights and owed
us approximately 3.25 million (as of March 22, 2023) from the exercise. The O G Ventures to which the Participation Rights relate
are disclosed under Business-Key Developments on page 5. The Company enters into Participation Agreements each time
a Participation Right is exercised, a form of which is included as Exhibit 10.28 of this Report. 

White
River entered into an agreement with Ecoark and Ault, an Ault subsidiary, dated March 29, 2023, pursuant to which Ecoark agreed to pay
to White River up to 3.25 million (the Amounts ), and White River agreed to accept the Amounts as payment of Ault s
 3.25 million payable to White River from Ault s exercise of Participation Rights in O G Ventures as described above. As of
May 31, 2023, Ecoark has paid White River 1,840,000 under this agreement, and the balance of Amounts which White River is owed with
respect to the Participation Rights is 1,485,000. White River intends to continue offering Ault Participation Rights, subject to receipt
of payment before any expenses are incurred with respect to an O G Venture. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
following table shows the fees billed by our by our current independent registered public accounting firm (the Principal Accountant for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. This table does not include fees paid by our former independent registered public accounting
firm for the periods covered. 

2023( 
 2022( 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 240,000 
 - 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 240,000 
 - 

(1) 
 Audit
 Fees relate to the audits of our annual financial statements and the review of our interim quarterly financial statements. 

(2) 
 Audit-Related
 fees relate to the assessment of our internal controls. 

(3) 
 Tax
 Fees relate to professional services rendered by our Principal Accountant for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

(4) 
 All
 Other Fees relate to the filing of registration statements. 

85 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Filed or Furnished 
 
 Exhibit # 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Date 
 
 Number 
 
 Herewith 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/12/2022 
 
 3.1 

3.1(a) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/30/2022 
 
 3.1 

3.1(b) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/20/2022 
 
 3.1 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Fortium Holdings Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/19/2022 
 
 3.1 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/29/2022 
 
 3.1 

3.3(a) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/27/2022 
 
 3.1 

3.3(b) 
 
 Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/25/2022 
 
 3.1 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/29/2022 
 
 3.2 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/25/2022 
 
 3.1 

10.1 
 
 Amended Employment Agreement with Jay Puchir#+ 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/2/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.2 
 
 Amended Employment Agreement with Randy May#+ 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/2/2022 
 
 10.2 

10.3 
 
 Amended Employment Agreement with Alisa Horgan#+ 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/2/2022 
 
 10.3 

10.4 
 
 Amended Employment Agreement with Richard Horgan#+ 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/2/2022 
 
 10.4 

10.5 
 
 White River Energy Corp 2022 Equity Incentive Plan# 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/2/2022 
 
 10.5 

10.6 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/2/2022 
 
 10.6 

10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/14/2022 
 
 10.6 

10.8 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement+ 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/25/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.9 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/25/2022 
 
 10.2 

10.10 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement+ 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/25/2022 
 
 10.3 

10.11 
 
 Form of Share Exchange Agreement+ 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/29/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.12 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated March 8, 2022 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/15/2022 
 
 10.4 

10.13 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement dated December 2, 2021+ 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/3/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.14 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated September 14, 2021+ 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/20/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.15 
 
 Amendment to Junior Secured Promissory Note dated December 8, 2020 
 
 10-K 
 
 2/4/2021 
 
 10.5 

86 

10.16 
 
 Revolving Promissory Note dated August 1, 2020+ 
 
 10-Q 
 
 12/4/2020 
 
 10.2 

10.17 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement+ 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3/29/2023 
 
 10.20 

10.18 
 
 10 Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Note+ 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3/29/2023 
 
 10.21 

10.19 
 
 Security Agreement+ 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3/29/2023 
 
 10.22 

10.20 
 
 Guarantee 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3/29/2023 
 
 10.23 

10.21 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement (Note) + 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3/29/2023 
 
 10.24 

10.22 
 
 Consulting Agreement 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3/29/2023 
 
 10.25 

10.23 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement (Consulting Agreement) 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3/29/2023 
 
 10.26 

10.24 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3/29/2023 
 
 10.27 

10.25 
 
 Form of Participation Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/9/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.26 
 
 Mississippi Agreement + 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/28/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.27 
 
 Louisiana Agreement + 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/28/2022 
 
 10.2 

10.28 
 
 Amendment dated May 10, 2023 

Filed 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 

Filed 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from RBSM, LLP 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/23/2023 
 
 16.1 

19.1 
 
 Insider Trading Policy 

Filed 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 S-1 
 
 12/7/2022 
 
 21.1 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Ryder Scott Company, LP 

Filed 
 
 99.1 
 
 Report of Ryder Scott Company, LP 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3/29/2023 
 
 99.1 

31.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer (302) 

Filed 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certificate of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer (906) 

Furnished 
 
 99.1 
 
 Report of Ryder Scott Company, LP 

Filed 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

Filed 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

Filed 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

Filed 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

Filed 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

Filed 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

Filed 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

#
Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

 +
Exhibits and/or Schedules have been omitted. The Company hereby agrees to furnish to the Staff of the SEC upon request any omitted information. 

This exhibit is being furnished rather than filed and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing, in accordance with
Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

Copies
of this report (including the financial statements) and any of the exhibits referred to above will be furnished at no cost to our stockholders
who make a written request to our Corporate Secretary at White River Energy Corp, 609 W/ Dickson St., Suite 102 G, Fayetteville, AR,
72701. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

Not
applicable. 

87 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on June 29, 2023. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jay Puchir 

Name: 
 Jay
Puchir 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

/s/
 Jay Puchir 
 
 June
 29,2023 
 
 Jay
 Puchir, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Randy May 
 
 June
 29,2023 
 
 Randy
 May, Executive Chairman 

/s/
 Alisa Horgan 
 
 June
 29,2023 
 
 Alisa
 Horgan, Director 

/s/
 Danny Hames 
 
 June
 29,2023 
 
 Danny
 Hames, Director 

/s/
 James Cahill 
 
 June
 29,2023 
 
 James
 Cahill, Director 

/s/
 Greg Landis 
 
 June
 29,2023 
 
 Greg
 Landis, Director 

88 

<EX-10.28>
 2
 ex10-28.htm

Exhibit
10.28 

AMENDMENT 

AGREEMENT ,
dated as of May 10, 2023 (this Agreement ), by and between Puritan Partners LLC, a New York limited liability company Puritan
Partners ), Centrecourt Asset Management LLC, a New York limited liability company Centrecourt ), and White River
Energy Corp, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), having its principal place of business at 609 West Dickson St.,
Suite 102 G, Fayetteville, AR. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the
Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2022, by and between Puritan Partners and the Company (the Securities
Purchase Agreement ). 

WHEREAS ,
Puritan Partners purchased pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement 1,666,666.67 principal amount of 10 Original Issue Discount
Senior Secured Note due September 16, 2023 (the Note ). 

WHEREAS,
 Centrecourt was granted shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Shares in a Consulting Agreement dated December
16, 2022 by and between the Company and Centrecourt (the Consulting Agreement ). 

WHEREAS,
 the Company, Puritan Partners and Centrecourt would like to amend certain provisions in the Note and Consulting Agreement as set
forth below. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the following and other consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree
as follows: 

1. The
 following definitions set forth in Section 1 of the Note and references to such terms in
 the Note shall be deleted in their entirety: Monthly Conversion Period, Monthly Conversion
 Price, Monthly Redemption, Monthly Redemption Amount, Monthly Redemption Date, and Monthly
 Redemption Notice. In addition, the term Change of Control Transaction in Section
 1 of the Note shall be replaced with Change of Control, which is the defined
 term in the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

2. Section
 6(b) of the Note shall be deleted in its entirety. 

3. References
 to Monthly Redemption and obligations to redeem under Section 6(b) set forth in Section 6(c)
 of the Note shall be deleted. 

4. The
 interest due on the Note for the period ending May 16, 2023 (i.e., 12,500) and one half
 of the Mandatory Redemption Amount (i.e., 250,000) due on the Note on May 16, 2023, or a
 total of 262,500, will be paid in full on May 16, 2023. 

5. The
 interest due on the balance of the Note for the period ending: (i) June 16, 2023 will be
 paid in full no later than June 16, 2023, (ii) July 16, 2023 will be paid in full no later
 than July 16, 2023, (iii) August 16, 2023 will be paid in full no later than August 16, 2023,
 and (iv) September 16, 2023 will be paid in full no later than September 16, 2023. 

6. Section
 6(e) of the Note, shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

1 

Mandatory
Prepayment . The Company shall be required to offer to prepay in cash the aggregate principal amount of the Notes at 127.5 of the
principal amount thereof plus any unpaid accrued interest to the date of prepayment, upon the occurrence of (i) the sale of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company, or its Subsidiaries, (ii) a Change of Control, (iii) a Qualified Offering or (iv) the Maturity Date.
Provided, however, that in such an event, the Holder(s) shall have the right to convert the Note prior to the date of any such prepayment
in accordance with any of the conversion mechanics as set forth herein in lieu of such prepayment with respect to all or any portion
of the Note. Such prepayment shall be made on the date of each of the events specified above and in each case the Company shall if practical
provide 20 days notice to the Holder(s) of any such event. 

7. The
 definition of Mandatory Default Amount set forth in Section 1 of the Note shall be deleted
 in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

Mandatory
Default Amount means the sum of (a) 132.5 of the then outstanding principal amount of the Note, (b) accrued but unpaid interest
through maturity and (c) all liquidated damages and other amounts due in respect of the Note. 

8. The
 definition of Optional Redemption Amount set forth in Section 1 of the Note shall be deleted
 in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

 Optional
Redemption Amount means at 127.5 of the principal amount thereof plus any unpaid accrued interest to the date of repayment,
plus all other liquidated and other amounts due in respect of the Note. 

9. The
 following language shall be added as the seventh and eighth sentences of Section 1 of the
 Consulting Agreement. 

In
addition, Centrecourt Asset Management or its designee shall receive on the date ending 180 days after the Effective Date, an additional
number of Shares if necessary such that Centrecourt Asset Management or its designee shall have received a number of shares equal to
 1,666,666.67 divided by the price per share of the common stock 180 days after the Effective Date using the formula set forth above
based as of such date. The intent of this provision is that Centrecourt Asset Management or its designee shall receive a dollar amount
of registered Shares at least equal to 1,666,666.67 through a date ending 180 days after the Effective Date. It being understood that
in no event shall this provision reduce the amount of Shares previously earned by Centrecourt Asset Management. 

2 

Each
of the undersigned has caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first written above. 

WHITE
 RIVER ENERGY CORP 

By: 
 /s/
 Jay Puchir 

Name: 
 Jay
 Puchir 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Puritan
 Partners LLC 

By: 
 /s/
 Richard Smithline 

Name: 
 Richard
 Smithline 

Title: 
 Managing
 Member 

CENTRECOURT
 ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC 

By: 
 /s/
 Richard Smithline 

Name: 
 Richard Smithline 

Title: 
 Chief Executive
 Officer 

3 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-14.1>
 3
 ex14-1.htm

Exhibit
14.1 

White
River Energy Corp 

Code
of Ethics 

Introduction 

This
Code of Ethics (the Code of White River Energy Corp White River or the Company covers a
wide spectrum of business practices and procedures. They do not cover every issue that may arise, but they set out some basic principles
to guide all directors, officers, employees and certain selected consultants of White River 1 . We expect all of our directors,
officers, employees and those consultants to comply with them and to seek to avoid even the appearance of improper behavior. This Code
should also be provided to and followed by White River s agents and representatives, including consultants. 

If
a law conflicts with a policy in this Code, you must comply with the law. If you have any questions about these conflicts, you should
ask your supervisor how to handle the situation. Those who violate this Code may be subject to disciplinary action. Depending on the
nature of the violation, the disciplinary action may include termination of employment. If you are in a situation, which you believe
may violate or lead to a violation of this Code, follow the recommendations described below. 

Compliance
with Laws, Rules and Regulations 

Obeying
the law, both in letter and in spirit, is the foundation on which White River s ethical standards and our reputation are built.
All employees must respect and obey the laws of the cities, states and nations in which we operate. Although not all employees are expected
to know the details of these laws, it is important to know enough to determine when to seek advice from supervisors, managers, White
River s legal counsel or other appropriate personnel. If requested, White River will hold information and training sessions to
promote compliance with laws, rules and regulations, including insider trading laws. 

1
 When the Code discusses employees, it also should be understood to include all officers and directors and certain consultants who
are officers are subject to the Code. 

A- 1 

Conflicts
of Interest 

A
 conflict of interest exists when a person s private interest interferes in any way with the interests of the Company.
A conflict may arise when an employee takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform duties for White River objectively
and effectively. Conflicts of interest arise whenever a family member of an employee provides goods or services (including as an employee)
or otherwise engages in business with White River. All of these relationships require prior approval of our Audit Committee. Conflicts
of interest may also arise when an employee, or members of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his
or her position with White River. For example, loans to, or guarantees of obligations of, employees and their family members may create
conflicts of interest. By law, White River cannot make any loans to its executive officers and directors. It is almost always a conflict
of interest for an White River employee to work simultaneously for a competitor, client or supplier. You are not allowed to provide services
for a competitor as a consultant or act as a board member. The best policy is to avoid any direct or indirect business connection with
our clients, suppliers or competitors, except on our behalf. Conflicts of interest are prohibited as a matter of company policy, except
under specific guidelines approved by White River s board of directors (the Board ). Conflicts of interest may not
always be clear-cut, so if you have a question, you should consult with higher levels of management or White River s legal counsel.
Any employee who becomes aware of a conflict or potential conflict should bring it to the attention of a supervisor, manager or other
appropriate personnel or consult the procedures described below. Our executive officers and directors and certain other persons must
also comply with our Insider Trading Policy. 

Insider
Trading 

Employees
who have access to confidential information are not permitted to use or share that information for trading purposes or for any other
purpose except the conduct of our business. All non-public information about White River should be considered confidential information.
To use non-public information for personal benefit (financial or otherwise) or to tip others who might make an investment
decision on the basis of this information is not only unethical but also illegal under the federal securities laws. In order to comply
with the securities laws against insider trading, White River has adopted a specific policy governing employees trading in securities
of White River. White River is required to provide you with a copy of our Insider Trading Policy. If you have not received this Policy,
please notify your supervisor. 

Corporate
Opportunities 

Employees
are prohibited from taking for themselves personally, opportunities that are discovered through the use of White River s property,
information or from their position with White River without the consent of the Board. No employee may use White River s property,
information, or their position with White River, for improper personal gain. Under no circumstances may an employee compete with White
River directly or indirectly. Employees owe a duty of loyalty to White River to advance its legitimate interests when the opportunity
to do so arises. 

2 

Competition
and Fair Dealing 

We
seek to outperform our competition fairly and honestly. Stealing proprietary information, possessing trade secret information that was
obtained without the owner s consent, or inducing such disclosures by past or present employees of other companies is prohibited.
Each employee should endeavor to respect the rights of and deal fairly with White River s clients, suppliers, competitors and other
employees. No employee should take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation
of material facts, or any other intentional unfair dealing practice. The purpose of business entertainment and gifts in a commercial
setting is to create goodwill and sound working relationships, not to gain unfair advantage with clients. No gift or entertainment should
be offered, given, provided or accepted by any employee, family member of an employee, or agent unless it: (1) is not a cash gift, (2)
is consistent with customary business practices, (3) is not excessive in value, (4) cannot be construed as a bribe or payoff and (5)
does not violate any laws or regulations. Please discuss with your supervisor any gifts or proposed gifts which you are not certain are
appropriate. 

Discrimination
and Harassment 

The
diversity of White River s employees is a tremendous asset. We are firmly committed to providing equal opportunity in all aspects
of employment and will not tolerate any illegal discrimination or harassment. Examples may include derogatory comments based on racial,
religious, sexual identity, disability, or ethnic characteristics and unwelcome sexual advances. If you believe that any type of discrimination
or harassment has occurred, White River has a Whistleblower Policy which provides for an anonymous procedure. See Reporting Any
Illegal or Unethical Behavior at page 4 of the Code. 

Health
and Safety 

White
River strives to provide each employee with a safe and healthy work environment. Each employee has responsibility for maintaining a safe
and healthy workplace for all employees by following safety and health rules and practices and reporting accidents, injuries and unsafe
equipment, practices or conditions. Violence and threatening behavior are not permitted. Employees should report to work in condition
to perform their duties, free from the influence of illegal drugs or alcohol. The use of alcohol or illegal drugs (or the use of legal
prescriptions contrary to a physician s advice) in the workplace will not be tolerated. 

Record-Keeping 

White
River requires honest and accurate recording and reporting of information in order to make responsible business decisions. For example,
only the true and actual number of hours worked should be reported. Some employees are authorized to use business expense accounts, which
must be documented and recorded accurately. If you are not sure whether a certain expense is legitimate, ask your supervisor or our Chief
Financial Officer. All of White River s books, records, accounts and financial statements must be maintained in reasonable detail,
must appropriately reflect White River s transactions and must conform both to applicable legal requirements and to White River s
system of internal controls. Unrecorded or off the books funds or assets should not be maintained unless permitted by applicable
law or regulation. Business records and communications often become public, and we should avoid exaggeration, derogatory remarks, guesswork,
or inappropriate characterizations of people and companies that can be misunderstood. Side letters with suppliers or customers
are forbidden unless approved by our legal counsel. This applies equally to e-mail, internal memos, and formal reports. Records should
always be retained or destroyed according to White River s record retention policies. In accordance with those policies, in the
event of litigation or governmental investigation please consult White River s legal counsel. 

3 

Emails,
Texts and Social Media 

Before
you send an email or text, think. Will you be embarrassed or will White River be subject to liability if the email or text becomes public
or is obtained by a party that is antagonistic to White River? Nobody is authorized to use social media, email or text messaging for
the business of the Company, except as expressly authorized by the Chief Executive Officer. 

Confidentiality

Employees
must maintain the confidentiality of confidential information entrusted to them by White River or its clients except when disclosure
is authorized by White River s legal counsel or required by laws or regulations. Confidential information includes all non-public
information that might be of use to competitors, or harmful to White River or its clients if disclosed. It also includes information
that suppliers and clients have entrusted to us. The obligation to preserve confidential information continues even after employment
ends. 

Protection
and Proper Use of White River s Assets 

All
employees should endeavor to protect White River s assets and ensure their efficient use. Theft, carelessness, and waste have a
direct impact on White River s profitability. Any suspected incident of fraud or theft should be immediately reported for investigation.
White River s equipment should not be used for non- White River business, though incidental personal use may be permitted. The
obligation of employees to protect White River s assets includes its proprietary information. Proprietary information includes
intellectual property such as trade secrets, patents, trademarks, and copyrights, as well as business, marketing and service plans, ideas,
designs, databases, records, salary information and any unpublished financial data and reports. While unauthorized use or distribution
of this information would violate company policy, it could also be illegal and result in civil or even criminal penalties. 

Payments
to Government Personnel 

The
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act prohibits giving anything of value, directly or indirectly, to officials of foreign governments or
foreign political candidates in order to obtain or retain business. It is strictly prohibited to make illegal payments to government
officials of any country. This also applies to the making of improper payments to obtain business from commercial clients in the United
States. In addition, the U.S. government has a number of laws and regulations regarding business gratuities which may be accepted by
U.S. government personnel. The promise, offer or delivery to an official or employee of the U.S. government of a gift, favor or other
gratuity in violation of these rules would not only violate Company policy but could also be a criminal offense. State and local governments,
as well as foreign governments, may have similar rules. Our legal counsel can provide guidance to you in this area. 

4 

Reporting
Any Illegal or Unethical Behavior 

Employees
are encouraged to talk to supervisors, managers or other appropriate personnel about observed illegal or unethical behavior and when
in doubt about the best course of action in a particular situation. It is the policy of White River not to allow retaliation for reports
of misconduct by others made in good faith by employees. Employees are expected to cooperate in internal investigations of misconduct.
 Any employee may submit a good faith concern regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters or other matters without fear of
dismissal or retaliation of any kind to the chairman of our Audit Committee or White River s legal counsel who are listed on the
last page of this Code. A full statement of the Company s Whistleblower Policy for Reporting Violations, Complaints or Concerns
is attached as Appendix A to this Code. 

Compliance
Procedures 

We
must all work to ensure prompt and consistent action against violations of this Code. However, in some situations it is difficult to
know if a violation has occurred. Since we cannot anticipate every situation that will arise, it is important that we have a way to approach
a new question or problem. These are the steps to keep in mind: 

Make
 sure you have all the facts in order to reach the right solutions; we must be as fully informed as possible. 

Ask
 yourself: What specifically am I being asked to do? Does it seem unethical or improper? This will enable you to focus on the specific
 question you are faced with, and the alternatives you have. Use your judgment and common sense; if something seems unethical or improper,
 it probably is. 

Clarify
 your responsibility and role. In most situations, there is shared responsibility. Are your colleagues informed? It may help to get
 others involved and discuss the problem. 

Discuss
 the problem with your supervisor. 

This
is the basic guidance for all situations. In many cases, your supervisor will be more knowledgeable about the question, and will appreciate
being brought into the decision-making process. Remember that it is your supervisor s responsibility to help solve problems. 

Seek
help from Company resources. In the rare case where it may not be appropriate to discuss an issue with your supervisor, or where you
do not feel comfortable approaching your supervisor with your question, discuss it with your office manager or with a human resources
officer. 

5 

You
may report ethical violations in confidence and without fear of retaliation. Additionally, if your situation requires that your identity
be kept confidential, your anonymity will be protected. Further, you may speak with White River s legal counsel on any of these
matters. Under no circumstances does White River permit or tolerate any form of retaliation against employees for good faith reports
of potential ethical violations. 

Always
ask first, act later. If you are unsure of what to do in any situation, seek guidance before you act. 

Special
Policies with Respect to Certain Officers 

The
Chief Executive Officer CEO and all financial officers, including the Chief Financial Officer CFO and
principal accounting officer, are bound by the provisions set forth above including those relating to ethical conduct, conflicts of interest
and compliance with law. In addition, the CEO, CFO and any other financial officers and employees are subject to the following additional
specific policies: 

The
 CEO, CFO and all financial officers and employees are responsible for full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in
 the periodic reports required to be filed by White River with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly, it is the responsibility
 of the CEO, CFO and each financial officer or employee promptly to bring to the attention of the Board or the Audit Committee any material
 information of which he or she may become aware that affects the disclosures made by White River in its public filings or otherwise
 assist the Board and the Audit Committee, in fulfilling their responsibilities. 

The
 CEO, CFO and each financial officer or employee shall promptly bring to the attention of the Board and the Audit Committee, any information
 he or she may have concerning (a) significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect
 White River s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data or (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that
 involves management or other employees who have a significant role in White River s financial reporting, disclosures or internal
 controls. 

The
 CEO, CFO and each financial officer and employee shall promptly bring to the attention of our legal counsel or the CEO and to the Audit
 Committee any information he or she may have concerning any violation of this Code, including any actual or apparent conflicts of interest
 between personal and professional relationships, involving any management or other employees who have a significant role in White River s
 financial reporting, disclosures or internal controls. 

The
 CEO, CFO and each financial officer and employee shall promptly bring to the attention of White River s legal counsel or the
 CEO and to the Audit Committee any information he or she may have concerning evidence of a material violation of the securities or
 other laws, rules or regulations applicable to White River and the operation of its business, by White River or any agent thereof,
 or of violation of this Code or of these additional special policies and procedures. 

6 

The
Board shall determine, or designate appropriate persons to determine, appropriate actions to be taken in the event of violations of this
Code or these additional special procedures by the CEO, CFO and White River s financial officers and employees. Such actions shall
be reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote accountability for adherence to this Code and to these additional special procedures,
and shall include written notices to the individual involved that the Board has determined that there has been a violation, censure by
the Board, demotion or re-assignment of the individual involved, suspension with or without pay or benefits (as determined by the Board)
and termination of the individual s employment. In determining what action is appropriate in a particular case, the Board or such
designee shall take into account all relevant information, including the nature and severity of the violation, whether the violation
was a single occurrence or repeated occurrences, whether the violation appears to have been intentional or inadvertent, whether the individual
in question had been advised prior to the violation as to the proper course of action and whether or not the individual in question had
committed other violations in the past. 

To
insure your confidentiality, we have supplied the phone numbers of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chairman of
our Board, Chairman of our Audit Committee and legal counsel including their personal email addresses. 

Executive
Chairman of the Board: 

 Randy
S. May 

 Office:
800-203-5610 

 Email:
rmay@white-river.com 

Chief
Executive Officer: 

 Jay
Puchir 

 Office:
800-203-5610 

 Email:
jpuchir@white-river.com 

Outside
Legal Counsel : 

 Michael
D. Harris, Esq. 

 Nason,
Yeager, Gerson, Harris Fumero, P.A. 

 Office:
561-686-3307 

 Email:
mharris@nasonyeager.com 

[Signature
page follows] 

7 

I
acknowledge that I have read and understand and agree to abide by this Code of Ethics of the Company. 

Dated:
 ________ ___, 2022 

Signature 

Print
 Name 

8 

Appendix
A 

WHITE
RIVER ENERGY CORP 

Whistleblower
Policy for Reporting Violations, Complaints or Concerns 

I.
Policy Statement 

White
River Energy Corp (the Company has established a Code of Ethics (the Code to help our employees comply
with the law and regulations applicable to our business and to maintain the highest standards of ethical conduct. This Whistleblower
Policy for Reporting Violations, Complaints or Concerns (this Policy is meant to supplement the Code by encouraging employees
to report any suspected violations or concerns as to compliance with laws, regulations, the Code or other Company policies, or any complaints
or concerns regarding the Company s accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters, or any concerns regarding any
questionable accounting or auditing matters. 

II.
Obligation to Report Suspected or Actual Violations; Anonymous Reporting 

A.
Reporting Generally 

It
is every employee s obligation to report suspected or actual violations of laws, government rules and regulations, or the Code
or other Company policies. Employees must report any suspected violations of the laws and rules that govern the reporting of the Company s
financial performance, and any complaint or concern regarding the Company s accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing
matters, or any concerns regarding any questionable accounting or auditing matters. 

Employees
can report any such matters directly to his or her supervisor or manager or by the procedures set forth below. As noted below, supervisors
and managers are required to report to the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and/or our Board of Directors (the Board or Audit Committee Chairman (who are identified in the Code) any time they receive a report of a concern about our compliance with laws,
the Code or other Company policy, any notice of any suspected wrong-doing by any Company employee, officer or director, any complaint
or concern about the Company s accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters, or any concerns regarding any questionable
accounting or auditing matters. 

B.
Anonymous Reporting 

Alternatively,
if you wish to report any such matters anonymously , you may do so as follows: mail a description of the suspected violation or
other complaint or concern to our outside legal counsel: 

Michael
D. Harris, Esq. 

 Nason,
Yeager, Gerson, Harris Fumero, P.A. 

 3001
PGA Boulevard, Ste. 305 

 Palm
Beach Gardens, FL 33410 

 Email:
mharris@nasonyeager.com 

A- 1 

III.
Treatment and Retention of Complaints and Reports 

Each
supervisor and manager shall report any suspected violation, concern or complaint reported to such person by employees or other sources
to the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and/or the Board or Audit Committee Chairman to assure proper treatment and
retention of complaints, concerns or notices of potential violations. In addition, employees should take note that persons outside the
Company may report complaints or concerns about suspected violations, or concerns regarding internal accounting controls, accounting
or auditing matters. These concerns and complaints should be reported immediately on receipt to the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief
Financial Officer and/or the Board or Audit Committee Chairman. 

Supervisors
and managers as well as the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Board or Audit Committee Chairman shall promptly
consider the information, reports or notices received by them under this Policy or otherwise. Each person shall take appropriate action,
including investigation as appropriate, in accordance with the law, governmental rules and regulations, the Code and otherwise consistent
with good business practice. 

Upon
a report to the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and/or the Board or Audit Committee Chairman, all notices or reports
of suspected violations, complaints or concerns received pursuant to this Policy shall be recorded in a log, indicating the description
of the matter reported, the date of the report and the disposition thereof, and the log shall be retained with the Company s documents.
This log shall be maintained by the Chief Executive Officer. 

IV.
Statement of Non-Retaliation 

It
is a federal crime for anyone to retaliate intentionally against any person who provides truthful information to a law enforcement official
concerning a possible violation of any federal law. Moreover, the Company will not permit any form of intimidation or retaliation
by any officer, employee, contractor, subcontractor or agent of the Company against any employee because of any lawful act done by that
employee to: 

provide
 information or assist in an investigation regarding any conduct which the employee reasonably believes constitutes a violation of laws,
 rules, regulations, the Code, or any Company policies; or 

file,
 testify, participate in, or otherwise assist in a proceeding relating to a violation of any law, rule or regulation. 

Any
such action is a violation of Company policy and should be reported immediately under this Policy. 

V.
Statement of Confidentiality 

The
Company will, to the extent reasonably possible, keep confidential both the information and concerns reported under this Policy, and
its discussions and actions in response to these reports and concerns. In the course of its investigation, however, the Company may find
it necessary to share information with others on a need to know basis. 

2 

VI.
Notice of Immunity under the Economic Espionage Act of 1996, as amended by the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016. 

An
employee will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of a trade secret
that: 

(a)
is made: (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii)
solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or 

(b)
is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. 

If
an employee files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, such employee may disclose the
Company s trade secrets to the employee s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the employee: 

(a)
files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and 

(b)
does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

3 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-19.1>
 5
 ex19-1.htm

Exhibit
19.1 

MEMORANDUM 

TO: 
 White
 River Energy Corp 

FROM: 
 Nason
 Yeager Gerson Harris Fumero, P.A. 

DATE: 
 December
 2, 2022 

RE: 
 Insider
 Trading Policy 

We
believe that the best way to protect White River Energy Corp (the Company and its executive officers, directors and employees
from potential liability from the insider trading under the federal securities laws is to adopt and implement and enforce a clear policy
that defines insider trading and prohibits all employees, officers, directors and other individuals who are aware of Material Non-Public
Information (as defined beginning at page 5) from trading in the Company s securities or providing Material Non-Public Information
to other persons who may trade on the basis of that information. 

Engaging
in securities transactions on the basis of Material Non-Public Information or the communication of such information to others who use
it in securities trading violates the federal securities laws. Such violations are likely to result in harsh consequences for the individuals
involved including exposure to investigations by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), criminal and civil prosecution,
and disgorgement of any profits realized or losses avoided and penalties three times any profits gained or losses avoided. Insider trading
violations expose the Company, its management, and other personnel acting in supervisory capacities to potential civil liabilities and
penalties for the actions of employees under their control who engage in insider trading violations. 

This
Memorandum constitutes the Company s implementation and the requirements of the Policy and sets forth procedures to assure that
Material Non-Public Information will not be used by Insiders (as defined below) in securities transactions and that the confidentiality
of such information will be maintained. Strict compliance with these policies and procedures is expected of all Insiders, including members
of their households, and any infringement thereof may result in sanctions, including termination of office or employment. 

I.
The Statement of Policy 

A.
Who Does This Policy Apply To? 

This
Policy applies to Insiders of the Company. Insiders are directors, officers and all employees of the Company. Additionally,
the following persons may also be subject to the restrictions contained in this Policy (i) members of any subsidiary s Board of
Directors; (ii) the Company s independent contractors and consultants; and (iii) other persons associated with the Company and
its subsidiaries who receive or have access to Material Non-Public Information. As an Insider this Policy applies to you. The same restrictions
that apply to you, also apply to your family members who reside with you, anyone else who lives in your household and any family members
who do not live in your household but whose transactions in Company securities are directed by you or are subject to your influence or
control. You are responsible for making sure that the purchase or sale of any security covered by this Policy by any such person complies
with this Policy. 

1 

All
 Directors, Officers and Employees 

 December
2, 2022 

 Page
2 

Please
note that certain restrictions and requirements under this Policy are applicable to only certain individuals. The Blackout Periods apply
to officers, directors, consultants in the finance/accounting department and any other employee at the vice president level or above
who are notified by the Compliance Officer. The Event-Specific Trading Restriction Periods apply to all directors, officers and the persons
designated by the Chief Executive Officer or the Compliance Officer. Additionally, the pre-clearance requirements apply to our officers,
directors, and employees in the finance/accounting department, any other employee at the vice president level or above and others who
are uniquely situated to know of material financial or other information and are given notice in writing from an officer. If you have
any doubt regarding whether you fall within these category, please contact the Compliance Officer. For purposes of this Policy, our Compliance
Officer is the Chief Executive Officer or in his absence the Chairman. 

All
Insiders are expected to maintain the confidentiality of Non-Public Material Information. Disclosure of such information to any individual
outside of the Company, whether or not in the form of a recommendation to purchase or sell the securities of the Company, is prohibited
and may be criminal. If anyone becomes aware of a leak of Material Non-Public Information, whether inadvertent or otherwise, they should
immediately be reported to our Compliance Officer. This duty of confidentiality does not preclude an Insider from using Non-Public Material
Information in connection with such person s duties to the Company. 

As
a general policy, the Company and all Insiders shall follow all laws, rules and regulations relating to Insider trading. This includes
Regulation FD which provides that selective disclosure of Material Non-Public Information is generally illegal. 

B.
What are the Prohibited Activities? 

No
 Trading Based on Material Non-Public Information. The
 Policy prohibits trading based on Material
 Non-Public Information. The SEC will presume that if you are in possession of Material Non-Public
 Information, your trading is based on it. Accordingly, you should not buy or sell our common
 stock while in possession of Material Non-Public Information unless both our Compliance officer
 and our SEC counsel approve such transaction in writing. When in doubt, ask our
 Compliance Officer. 

No
 Trading in Other Corporations. You may not trade in
 the securities of any other company if you are aware of Material Non-Public Information about
 that company which you obtained in the course of your employment with the Company. 

2 

All
 Directors, Officers and Employees 

 December
2, 2022 

 Page
3 

No
 Tipping. You may not pass Material Non-Public Information
 on to others or recommend to anyone the purchase or sale of any securities when you are aware
 of such information. This practice known as tipping, also violates the securities
 laws and can result in the same civil and criminal penalties that apply to insider trading,
 even though you did not trade and did not gain any benefit from another s trading.
 While the law is developing in this area, the Policy prohibits the disclosure of Material
 Non-Public Information in the same manner as other Company policies protect its confidential
 information. 

Social
 Media . Social Media including Facebook, Twitter and Instagram are public communications.
 The prohibition against using Material Non-Public Information in this Memorandum applies
 to using any form of social media. Further, without approval from our Chief Executive Officer
 or Compliance Officer, no one shall use social media on behalf of the Company. 

Expert
 Networks. A new phenomenon called Expert Networks has developed over the last number
 of years. Essentially Expert Networks are consulting companies formed for the purpose of
 gathering information from employees of public companies and then selling the information
 to hedge funds. The law is evolving and the line between immaterial and material information
 is often blurred. However, it is the Company s policy that Insiders may not speak or
 otherwise communicate with third parties about the Company s business unless it is
 part of their duties as an Insider. For example, our officers may discuss information about
 the Company that is not Material Non-Public Information in order to generate business or
 develop partnerships. 

No
 Dissemination of Material Non-Public Information. You should not discuss any confidential
 information within the hearing range of outsiders, including friends and relatives. It is
 particularly important to exercise care and refrain from discussing Material Non-Public Information
 in public places such as elevators, trains, taxis, airplanes, lavatories, restaurants, or
 other places where the discussions might be overheard. 

No
 Short-Term Trading. No Insider who purchases Company securities in the open market may
 sell any Company securities of the same class during the 30 days following the purchase.
 Executive officers and directors must wait more than six months to buy or sell after an offsetting
 or opposite way transaction. 

3 

All
 Directors, Officers and Employees 

 December
2, 2022 

 Page
4 

Short
 Sale Transactions . No Insider may engage in short sales of the Company s securities.
 Short sales are the sale of securities which the seller does not own. The seller is speculating
 that the price will fall, in the hope of later purchasing the same number of securities at
 a lower price, thereby making a profit. An Insider who bets against the Company sends an
 alarming signal to his or her broker. In addition, Section 16(c) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934 prohibits officers and directors from engaging in short sales. 

Hedging
 Transactions. No Insider may enter into a hedging transaction. When an Insider engages
 in this type of transaction, this Insider may no longer have the same objectives as the Company s
 other stockholders. 

Margin
 Accounts and Pledges. No Insider may hold Company securities in a margin account or pledge
 Company securities as collateral for a loan. 

C.
What Transactions Does this Policy Apply To? 

Personal
 Transactions . This Policy applies to your personal transactions and those indirectly
 through a spouse, friend, corporation or other entity. 

Types
 of Securities . Purchases and sales of stock, derivative securities such as put and call
 options and convertible notes or preferred stock. 

Stock
 Options/Warrants . This Policy applies to: (i) any sale of stock as part of a broker-assisted
 cashless exercise of options or warrants, or any other market sale for the purpose of generating
 the cash needed to pay the exercise price of an option or warrants and (ii) any sale of common
 stock received upon exercise of options or warrants. 

Former
 Insiders . This Policy continues to apply to former Insiders in possession of Material
 Non-Public Information at the time their status as an Insider terminates. No former Insider
 may trade Company securities until that information has become public or is no longer material. 

D.
Rule 10b5-1 Plans as an Exception 

The
restrictions outlined above shall not prohibit transfers of Company securities made pursuant to a written contract, letter of instruction
or plan that (a) complies with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 (a Plan and (b) complies with all of the following: 

Review
 and Approve the Proposed Arrangement in Advance . The Company will require all Plans to
 be in writing and submitted to the Company for approval prior to any transactions under the
 Plan. This will allow the Company to ensure that each Plan is in compliance with the requirements
 of Rule 10b5-1 and Company policies with regard to lock-up agreements, among other items,
 allowing the individual to conduct transactions under the Plan without preclearance by the
 Company. Because of recent concerns arising from possible abuses of Plans, the Company may
 require evidence that the party exercising trading authority has no personal or substantial
 business relationship with the Insider. The Blackout Periods and Event-Specific Trading Restrictions
 do not apply to transactions conducted pursuant to a Plan. If you are subject to and within
 either a Blackout Period or Event Specific Trading Restriction period, you may not enter
 into, modify or terminate a Plan. 

4 

All
Directors, Officers and Employees 

 December
2, 2022 

 Page
5 

Add
 Additional Safeguards . It is essential that the Company ensure that there is no Material
 Non-Public Information that the Insider has knowledge of that has not been publicly disclosed
 at the time the Plan is adopted. In addition, if the Plan is going to be modified or terminated,
 notice must immediately be given to the Company and all transactions effected pursuant to
 the Plan must cease. Any change to an approved Plan will necessitate submission of the revised
 Plan to the Company for review and approval before transactions may resume. 

Consider
 a Public Announcement . On a case by case basis, the Company will consider whether a public
 announcement in connection with each Plan under Rule 10b5-1 is appropriate. 

Establish
 Procedures with Third Parties . In order to ensure that a Plan complies with Rule 10b5-1
 in all respects, the Company will set up procedures with the parties handling the transactions
 under the Plan, including reminding them of the need to file Form 144s and Form 4s (where
 applicable). 

Any
involvement by the Company and its counsel in reviewing a 10b5-1 Plan does not constitute approval or legal advice. 

E.
What is Material Non-Public Information? 

Material
Information 

What
is material is often difficult to evaluate and is always judged in hindsight. Generally, information is material if there
is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in deciding whether to buy, hold or sell a security.
Both positive and negative information can be considered material. While it is not possible to define all categories of material information,
there are various categories of information that are particularly sensitive and, as a general rule, should always be considered material.
Examples of such information include: 

News
 relating to new agreements or revenue events 
 
 Updates
 on the Company s oil and gas drilling efforts including the opening of a new well or
 launch of a new drilling fund 
 
 Financial
 results 
 
 Projections
 of future earnings or losses or other earnings guidance 

5 

All
Directors, Officers and Employees 

 December
2, 2022 

 Page
6 

News
 of a pending or proposed merger or an acquisition or disposition of significant assets 
 
 Gain
 or loss of a substantial customer or supplier 
 
 Stock
 splits and other corporate events 
 
 New
 equity or debt offerings 
 
 Significant
 litigation exposure due to actual or threatened litigation 
 
 Major
 changes in management 
 
 Important
 changes in the Company s business 
 
 Impending
 bankruptcy or financial liquidity problems 

Non-Public
Information 

Non-public
information is information that has not been disclosed to the general public and is not available to the general public. For most companies
including the Company, disclosure on its website is still not considered public by the SEC. One common misconception is that material
information loses its non-public status as soon as a press release is issued. Non-public information will generally be
deemed to be public when (i) it is filed with the SEC or a press release is issued and the public has had a period of time (as much as
24 hours) to fully absorb the information. 

F.
Blackout Periods/Event-Specific Trading Restriction Periods 

Blackout
Periods for All Employees and Insiders 

All
officers, directors, employees and certain consultants in the finance/accounting department are prohibited from trading in the Company s
securities during certain Blackout Periods. The Company will notify consultants if they are subject to the Blackout Periods. 

The
four Blackout Periods begin on the 16 th day of the last month of each fiscal quarter and end one day following the Company s
issuance of its quarterly (or annual) earnings release or the filing of the Company s financial statements with the SEC if no earnings
release is issued (an Earnings Announcement ). 

Example:
If the quarter ends on June 30 th , the Blackout Period begins after the market closes on June 15 th (or prior
trading day if the 15 th is not a trading day) and all trading of the Company s securities by Insiders must cease until
an Earnings Announcement is released. If the Earnings Announcement is made after the market close on August 14 th , the Blackout
Period would end at the market opening on August 16 th . Therefore, your Trading Window (when you can trade) for
a quarter ending June 30 th , in this example, would begin August 16 th (or the next trading day) and would end after
the market close on September 15 th (or the prior trading day as explained above). 

The
Company reserves the right to shorten or close the Trading Window without prior notice. 

6 

All
 Directors, Officers and Employees 

 December
2, 2022 

 Page
7 

Event
Specific Blackout Periods 

From
time to time, an event may occur that is material to the Company and is known by only a few directors, officers and/or employees. So
long as the event remains material and nonpublic, all directors, officers and the persons designated by the Compliance Officer may not
trade Company common stock. In addition, the Company s financial results may be sufficiently material in a particular fiscal quarter
that, in the judgment of the Compliance Officer, designated persons should refrain from trading in Company common stock even sooner than
the typical Blackout Period described above. In that situation, the Compliance Officer may notify these persons that they should not
trade in the Company s common stock, without disclosing the reason for the restriction. During a Blackout period, gifts to family
members and trust controlled by the Insider are permissible since such parties are subject to the Policy. 

The
existence of an event-specific trading restriction period or extension of a Blackout Period will not be announced to the Company as a
whole, and should not be communicated to any other person. Even if the Compliance Officer has not designated you as a person who should
not trade due to an event-specific restriction, you should not trade while aware of Material Non-Public Information. Exceptions will
not be granted during an event-specific trading restriction period. 

G.
Preclearance 

Due
to the Company s size, preclearance is required for all Insiders. Of course, family members of any of these people require preclearance.
A request for preclearance must be submitted to the Compliance Officer on the form attached to this Policy as Exhibit A at least
two days in advance of the proposed transaction. Preclearance requires the approval of the Compliance Officer and our SEC counsel. If
your trade is pre-cleared by the Compliance Officer, the transaction must be effected within five trading days unless the Insider has
submitted a Rule 10b5-1 Plan, in which case the Plan should be delivered to the broker or other third party within that period. If the
transaction is not effected within that time period will be subject to pre-clearance again. 

The
responsibility for determining whether the Insider has Material Non-Public Information rests with the Insider, and preclearance of the
transaction does not constitute legal advice and does not in any way insulate the Insider from liability under the securities laws. For
executive officers and directors, preclearance permits our legal counsel to review the proposed trade to ascertain if there is any possible
violation of the short-swing trading rules. 

H.
Compliance and Company Assistance 

The
Company is indebted to all Insiders who have helped to make the Company successful and is appreciative of all efforts on its behalf.
To protect the Company and its shareholders, it is necessary to implement the foregoing Policy. The Company appreciates your continued
cooperation and support in this effort. 

You
should remember that the ultimate responsibility for adhering to this Policy and avoiding improper trading rests with you. If you violate
this Policy, the Company may take disciplinary action, including dismissal for cause. Each of you should sign one copy of this Policy
and return it to the Company acknowledging that you have read and understand it. If anyone has any questions or wants to have an office
conference concerning the issues raised by this Policy, please contact the Compliance Officer. 

I.
Transactions with the Company 

While
there can be no anti-fraud issues with transactions with an issuer since there is no deception or breach of duty, because of short-swing
profit concerns and optics, transactions of an Insider with the Company may be permitted if precleared. An example is the cashless exercise
of an option granted by the Company. 

J.
Annual Update 

On
annual basis (as well as initially with all new employees or significant consultants), this Policy will be distributed to all recipients
who will be asked to acknowledge receipt in writing. 

7 

All
Directors, Officers and Employees 

 December
2, 2022 

 Page
8 

I
acknowledge that I have read and understand this Memorandum and to abide by the Company s Policy on stock trading. 

Dated:
 ______________ ___, 2022 

Signature 

Print
 Name 

8 

Exhibit
A 

REQUEST
FOR PRECLEARANCE OF 

 PURCHASE
OR SALE OF SECURITIES 

Name: 

Date:

Proposed
 Transaction: 
 
 Purchase
 of Stock 

Sale
 of Stock 

Exercise
 of Options 
 
 Incentive
 Stock 

Options 

Non-Qualified
 Options 

Exercise
 of Warrants 

Date
 of Grant of Options, Warrants or Other Securities: 

Other
 [Please explain] 

Number
 of Shares/Options: 

Date
 of Proposed Transaction: 

1.
Have you made purchase(s) of White River Energy Corp (the Company stock within the last six months? 

Yes 
 
 No 
 
 If
so, please complete: 

Date(s)
 of Purchase(s): 

No.
 of Shares: 

___________ 

2.
Have you made sales of the Company s stock within the last six months? 

Yes 
 
 No 

If
so, please complete: 

Date(s)
 of Sale(s): 

No.
 of Shares: 

___________ 

3.
Have you made exercises or conversions of the Company s options/warrants or other securities of the Company within the last six
months? 

Yes 
 
 No 

1 

If
so, please complete: 

Date(s)
 of Exercise(s): 

No.
 of Options: 

___________ 

4.
Have you received grants of the Company s options/warrants or other securities of the Company within the last six months? 

Yes 
 
 No 

If
so, please complete: 

Date(s)
 of Grant(s): 

No.
 of Options: 

___________ 

In
consideration of this approval, I affirm that I am not in possession of Material Non-Public Information. 

________________________________ 

Request
 Approved: 
 
 Yes 
 
 No 

If
 Denied, Reason: 

Date: 

Jay
 Puchir, Chief Executive Officer 

Michael
 D. Harris, Esq. 

2 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

TBPELS
REGISTERED ENGINEERING FIRM F-1580 

FAX (713) 651-0849 

1100 LOUISIANA SUITE 4600 
 
 HOUSTON, TEXAS 77002-5294 
 
 TELEPHONE
(713) 651-9191 

Consent
of Independent Petroleum Engineers 

White
River Energy Corp.: 

We
have issued our report dated May 22, 2023 on estimates of proved reserves, future production and income attributable to certain leasehold
interests of White River Holdings Corp. as of March 31, 2023. As independent oil and gas consultants, we hereby consent to the inclusion
of our report and the information contained therein referenced in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of White River Energy Corp and to all
references to our firm in this Annual Report. 

/s/
 RYDER SCOTT COMPANY, L.P. 

RYDER
 SCOTT COMPANY, L.P. 

TBPELS
 Firm Registration No. F-1580 

Houston,
Texas 

 June
27, 2023 

SUITE
 2800, 350 7TH AVENUE, S.W. 
 
 CALGARY, ALBERTA T2P 3N9 
 
 TEL (403) 262-2799 
 
 633 17TH STREET, SUITE 1700 
 
 DENVER, COLORADO 80202 
 
 TEL (303) 339-8110 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jay Puchir certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of White River Energy Corp; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
June 29, 2023 

/s/
 Jay Puchir 

Jay
 Puchir 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report of White River Energy Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March
31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Jay Puchir, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 annual report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the annual report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Jay Puchir 

Jay
 Puchir 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer and 

Principal
 Financial Officer) 

Dated:
 June 29, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 10
 ex99-1.htm

Exhibit
99.1 

White
River Holdings Corp 

Estimated 

Future
Reserves and Income 

Attributable
to Certain 

Leasehold
Interests 

SEC
Parameters 

As
of 

March
31, 2023 

/s/
 Daniel R. Olds 
 
 /s/
 Beau Utley 
 
 Daniel
 R. Olds, P.E. 
 
 Beau
 Utley 
 
 TBPELS
 License No. 60996 
 
 Senior
 Petroleum Engineer 
 
 Managing
 Senior Vice President 

[SEAL] 

RYDER
SCOTT COMPANY, L.P. 

 TBPELS
Firm Registration No. F-1580 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

TBPELS
 REGISTERED ENGINEERING FIRM F-1580 

FAX
 (713) 651-0849 

1100
 LOUISIANA SUITE 4600 
 
 HOUSTON,
 TEXAS 77002-5294 
 
 TELEPHONE
 (713) 651-9191 

May
22, 2023 

Mr.
Jay Puchir 

 White
River Holdings Corp 

 5899
Preston Rd., #505 

 Frisco,
TX 75034 

Dear
Mr. Puchir: 

At
your request, Ryder Scott Company, L.P. (Ryder Scott) has prepared an estimate of the proved reserves, future production, and income
attributable to certain leasehold interests of White River Holdings Corp (White River) as of March 31, 2023. The subject properties are
operated by White River Operating, a wholly owned entity of White River and Rabb Contracting Company, LLC., and are located in the states
of Louisiana and Mississippi. The reserves and income data were estimated based on the definitions and disclosure guidelines of the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) contained in Title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, Modernization of Oil and Gas Reporting,
Final Rule released January 14, 2009 in the Federal Register (SEC regulations). Our third party study, completed on May 18, 2023 and
presented herein, was prepared for public disclosure by White River in filings made with the SEC in accordance with the disclosure requirements
set forth in the SEC regulations. 

The
properties evaluated by Ryder Scott represent 100 percent of the total net proved liquid hydrocarbon reserves of White River as of March
31, 2023. 

The
estimated reserves and future net income amounts presented in this report, as of March 31, 2023 are related to hydrocarbon prices. The
hydrocarbon prices used in the preparation of this report are based on the average prices during the 12-month period prior to the as
of date of this report, determined as the unweighted arithmetic averages of the prices in effect on the first-day-of-the-month
for each month within such period, unless prices were defined by contractual arrangements, as required by the SEC regulations. Actual
future prices may vary considerably from the prices required by the SEC regulations. The reserves volumes and the income attributable
thereto have a direct relationship to the hydrocarbon prices actually received; therefore, volumes of reserves actually recovered and
the amounts of income actually received may differ significantly from the estimated quantities presented in this report. The results
of this study are summarized as follows. 

SUITE
 2800, 350 7TH AVENUE, S.W. 
 
 CALGARY,
 ALBERTA T2P 3N9 
 
 TEL
 (403) 262-2799 
 
 633
 17TH STREET, SUITE 1700 
 
 DENVER,
 COLORADO 80202 
 
 TEL
 (303) 339-8110 

White River Holdings Corp May 22, 2023 Page 2 

SEC
PARAMETERS 

 Estimated
Net Reserves and Income Data 

 Certain
Leasehold Interests of 

 White
River Holdings Corp 

As
 of March 31, 2023 

Total
 Proved 

Developed 

Producing 
 
 Net
 Reserves 

Oil/Condensate
 Barrels 
 35,597 

Income
 Data ) 

Future
 Gross Revenue 
 3,239,272 
 
 Deductions 
 1,543,805 
 
 Future
 Net Income (FNI) 
 1,695,467 

Discounted
 FNI @ 10 
 1,285,177 

Liquid
hydrocarbons are expressed in standard 42 U.S. gallon barrels. The revenues, deductions, and income data are expressed as U.S. dollars ). 

The
estimates of the reserves, future production, and income attributable to properties in this report were prepared using the economic software
package PHDWin Petroleum Economic Evaluation Software, a copyrighted program of TRC Consultants L.C. Ryder Scott has found this program
to be generally acceptable, but notes that certain summaries and calculations may vary due to rounding and may not exactly match the
sum of the properties being summarized. Furthermore, one-line economic summaries may vary slightly from the more detailed cash flow projections
of the same properties, also due to rounding. The rounding differences are not material. 

The
future gross revenue is after the deduction of production taxes. The deductions incorporate the normal direct costs of operating the
wells, water trucking and hauling costs, ad valorem taxes, and certain abandonment costs net of salvage. The Other deductions
shown in the cash flow projections include variable operating costs on a dollar per barrel basis. The future net income is before the
deduction of state and federal income taxes and general administrative overhead, and has not been adjusted for outstanding loans that
may exist nor does it include any adjustment for cash on hand or undistributed income. 

Liquid
hydrocarbon reserves account for 100 percent of total future gross revenue from proved reserves. 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

 White River Holdings Corp May 22, 2023 Page 3 

The
discounted future net income shown above was calculated using a discount rate of 10 percent per annum compounded annually. At White River s
request, future net income was discounted at four other discount rates which were also compounded annually. These results are shown in
summary form as follows. 

Discounted
 Future Net Income ) 

As
 of March 31, 2023 
 
 Discount
 Rate 
 Total 
 
 Percent 
 Proved 

2 
 1,599,170 
 
 5 
 1,467,709 
 
 8 
 1,352,925 
 
 9 
 1,318,218 

The
results shown above are presented for your information and should not be construed as our estimate of fair market value. 

Reserves
Included in This Report 

The
proved reserves included herein conform to the definition as set forth in the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulations
Part 210.4-10(a). An abridged version of the SEC reserves definitions from 210.4-10(a) entitled PETROLEUM RESERVES DEFINITIONS 
is included as an attachment to this report. 

The
various reserves status categories are defined in the attachment entitled PETROLEUM RESERVES STATUS DEFINITIONS AND GUIDELINES 
in this report. All of the reserves included herein consist of the proved developed producing category. 

No
attempt was made to quantify or otherwise account for any accumulated gas production imbalances that may exist. The proved gas volumes
presented herein do not include volumes of gas consumed in operations as reserves. 

Reserves
are estimated remaining quantities of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of a given
date, by application of development projects to known accumulations. All reserves estimates involve an assessment of the uncertainty
relating the likelihood that the actual remaining quantities recovered will be greater or less than the estimated quantities determined
as of the date the estimate is made. The uncertainty depends primarily on the amount of reliable geologic and engineering data available
at the time of the estimate and the interpretation of these data. The relative degree of uncertainty may be conveyed by placing reserves
into one of two principal categories, either proved or unproved. Unproved reserves are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves
and may be further sub-categorized as probable and possible reserves to denote progressively increasing uncertainty in their recoverability.
At White River s request, this report addresses only the proved reserves attributable to the properties evaluated herein. 

Proved
oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated
with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward. The proved reserves included herein were estimated
using deterministic methods. The SEC has defined reasonable certainty for proved reserves, when based on deterministic methods, as a
 high degree of confidence that the quantities will be recovered. 

Proved
reserves estimates will generally be revised only as additional geologic or engineering data become available or as economic conditions
change. For proved reserves, the SEC states that as changes due to increased availability of geoscience (geological, geophysical,
and geochemical), engineering, and economic data are made to the estimated ultimate recovery (EUR) with time, reasonably certain EUR
is much more likely to increase or remain constant than to decrease. Moreover, estimates of proved reserves may be revised as
a result of future operations, effects of regulation by governmental agencies or geopolitical or economic risks. Therefore, the proved
reserves included in this report are estimates only and should not be construed as being exact quantities, and if recovered, the revenues
therefrom, and the actual costs related thereto, could be more or less than the estimated amounts. 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

 White River Holdings Corp May 22, 2023 Page 4 

White
River s operations may be subject to various levels of governmental controls and regulations. These controls and regulations may
include, but may not be limited to, matters relating to land tenure and leasing, the legal rights to produce hydrocarbons drilling and
production practices, environmental protection, marketing and pricing policies, royalties, various taxes and levies including income
tax, and are subject to change from time to time. Such changes in governmental regulations and policies may cause volumes of proved reserves
actually recovered and amounts of proved income actually received to differ significantly from the estimated quantities. 

The
estimates of proved reserves presented herein were based upon a detailed study of the properties in which White River owns an interest;
however, we have not made any field examination of the properties. No consideration was given in this report to potential environmental
liabilities that may exist nor were any costs included for potential liabilities to restore and clean up damages, if any, caused by past
operating practices. 

Estimates
of Reserves 

The
estimation of reserves involves two distinct determinations. The first determination results in the estimation of the quantities of recoverable
oil and gas and the second determination results in the estimation of the uncertainty associated with those estimated quantities in accordance
with the definitions set forth by the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulations Part 210.4-10(a). The process of estimating
the quantities of recoverable oil and gas reserves relies on the use of certain generally accepted analytical procedures. These analytical
procedures fall into three broad categories or methods: (1) performance-based methods, (2) volumetric-based methods and (3) analogy.
These methods may be used individually or in combination by the reserves evaluator in the process of estimating the quantities of reserves.
Reserves evaluators must select the method or combination of methods which in their professional judgment is most appropriate given the
nature and amount of reliable geoscience and engineering data available at the time of the estimate, the established or anticipated performance
characteristics of the reservoir being evaluated, and the stage of development or producing maturity of the property. 

In
many cases, the analysis of the available geoscience and engineering data and the subsequent interpretation of this data may indicate
a range of possible outcomes in an estimate, irrespective of the method selected by the evaluator. When a range in the quantity of reserves
is identified, the evaluator must determine the uncertainty associated with the incremental quantities of the reserves. If the reserves
quantities are estimated using the deterministic incremental approach, the uncertainty for each discrete incremental quantity of the
reserves is addressed by the reserves category assigned by the evaluator. Therefore, it is the categorization of reserves quantities
as proved, probable and/or possible that addresses the inherent uncertainty in the estimated quantities reported. For proved reserves,
uncertainty is defined by the SEC as reasonable certainty wherein the quantities actually recovered are much more likely to be
achieved than not. The SEC states that probable reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered
than proved reserves but which, together with proved reserves, are as likely as not to be recovered. The SEC states that possible
reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than probable reserves and the total quantities ultimately
recovered from a project have a low probability of exceeding proved plus probable plus possible reserves. All quantities of reserves
within the same reserves category must meet the SEC definitions as noted above. 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

 White River Holdings Corp May 22, 2023 Page 5 

Estimates
of reserves quantities and their associated reserves categories may be revised in the future as additional geoscience or engineering
data become available. Furthermore, estimates of reserves quantities and their associated reserves categories may also be revised due
to other factors such as changes in economic conditions, results of future operations, effects of regulation by governmental agencies
or geopolitical or economic risks as previously noted herein. 

The
proved reserves for the properties included herein were estimated by performance methods. These performance methods include decline curve
analysis which utilized extrapolations of historical production and pressure data available through February 2023 in those cases where
such data were considered to be definitive. The data utilized in this analysis were furnished to Ryder Scott by White River or obtained
from public data sources and were considered sufficient for the purpose thereof. 

To
estimate economically producible proved oil and gas reserves and related future net cash flows, we consider many factors and assumptions
including, but not limited to, the use of reservoir parameters derived from geological, geophysical and engineering data which cannot
be measured directly, economic criteria based on current costs and SEC pricing requirements, and forecasts of future production rates.
Under the SEC regulations 210.4-10(a)(22)(v) and (26), proved reserves must be anticipated to be economically producible from a given
date forward based on existing economic conditions including the prices and costs at which economic producibility from a reservoir is
to be determined. While it may reasonably be anticipated that the future prices received for the sale of production and the operating
costs and other costs relating to such production may increase or decrease from those under existing economic conditions, such changes
were, in accordance with rules adopted by the SEC, omitted from consideration in making this evaluation. 

White
River has informed us that they have furnished us all of the material accounts, records, geological and engineering data, and reports
and other data required for this investigation. In preparing our forecast of future proved production and income, we have relied upon
data furnished by White River with respect to property interests owned, production and well tests from examined wells, normal direct
costs of operating the wells or leases, ad valorem and production taxes, and adjustments or differentials to product prices. Ryder Scott
reviewed such factual data for its reasonableness; however, we have not conducted an independent verification of the data furnished by
White River. We consider the factual data used in this report appropriate and sufficient for the purpose of preparing the estimates of
reserves and future net revenues herein. 

In
summary, we consider the assumptions, data, methods and analytical procedures used in this report appropriate for the purpose hereof,
and we have used all such methods and procedures that we consider necessary and appropriate to prepare the estimates of reserves herein.
The proved reserves included herein were determined in conformance with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Modernization
of Oil and Gas Reporting; Final Rule, including all references to Regulation S-X and Regulation S-K, referred to herein collectively
as the SEC Regulations. In our opinion, the proved reserves presented in this report comply with the definitions, guidelines
and disclosure requirements as required by the SEC regulations. 

Future
Production Rates 

For
wells currently on production, our forecasts of future production rates are based on historical performance data. 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

 White River Holdings Corp May 22, 2023 Page 6 

The
future production rates from wells currently on production may be more or less than estimated because of changes including, but not limited
to, reservoir performance, operating conditions related to surface facilities, compression and artificial lift, pipeline capacity and/or
operating conditions, producing market demand and/or allowables or other constraints set by regulatory bodies. 

Hydrocarbon
Prices 

The
hydrocarbon prices used herein are based on SEC price parameters using the average prices during the 12-month period prior to the as
of date of this report, determined as the unweighted arithmetic averages of the prices in effect on the first-day-of-the-month
for each month within such period, unless prices were defined by contractual arrangements. For hydrocarbon products sold under contract,
the contract prices, including fixed and determinable escalations, exclusive of inflation adjustments, were used until expiration of
the contract. Upon contract expiration, the prices were adjusted to the 12-month unweighted arithmetic average as previously described. 

Ryder
Scott utilized published benchmark prices to estimate the SEC hydrocarbon prices in effect on March 31, 2023. These initial SEC hydrocarbon
prices were determined using the 12-month average first-day-of-the-month benchmark prices appropriate to the geographic area where the
hydrocarbons are sold. These benchmark prices are prior to the adjustments for differentials as described herein. The table below summarizes
the benchmark prices and price reference used for the geographic area included in the report. In certain
geographic areas, the price reference and benchmark prices may be defined by contractual arrangements. 

The
product prices that were actually used to determine the future gross revenue for each property reflect adjustments to the benchmark prices
for gravity, quality, local conditions, and/or distance from market, referred to herein as differentials. The differentials
used in the preparation of this report were calculated by us using data furnished to by White River. We have not conducted an independent
verification of the data provided by White River to determine these differentials. 

In
addition, the table below summarizes the net volume weighted benchmark prices adjusted for differentials and referred to herein as the
 average realized prices. The average realized prices shown in the table below were determined from the total future gross
revenue before production taxes and the total net reserves for the geographic area and presented in accordance with SEC disclosure requirements
for the geographic area included in the report. 

Geographic
 Area 
 Product 
 Price
 Reference 
 Average
 Benchmark Price 
 Average
 Realized Price 
 
 North
 America 

United
 States 
 Oil/Condensate 
 WTI
 Cushing 
 90.97/bbl 
 93.07/bbl 

The
effects of derivative instruments designated as price hedges of oil quantities are not reflected in our individual property evaluations. 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

 White River Holdings Corp May 22, 2023 Page 7 

Costs 

The
fixed and variable operating costs for the leases and wells in this report were furnished by White River and are based on the operating
expense reports of White River and include only those costs directly applicable to the leases or wells. The Other deductions
shown in the cash flow projections include variable operating costs on a dollar per barrel basis. The operating costs include a portion
of general and administrative costs allocated directly to the leases and wells. The operating costs furnished by White River were reviewed
by us for their reasonableness using information furnished by White River for this purpose. No deduction was made for loan repayments,
interest expenses, or exploration and development prepayments that were not charged directly to the leases or wells. 

The
estimated net cost of abandonment after salvage was included for properties where abandonment costs net of salvage were material, and
is shown in the cash flows as Development Costs. The estimates of the net abandonment costs were estimated by Ryder Scott and considered
reasonable based on publicly available abandonment cost data where the properties are located. Ryder Scott has not performed a detailed
field examination of White River s assets; however, we consider these estimates sufficient for the purpose of estimating abandonment
costs for White River s properties in this report. White River confirmed that these costs estimated by Ryder Scott are reasonable
for purposes of this report. At White River s request, the abandonment cost after salvage is estimated to occur approximately five
years after the wells reach their economic producing limit. 

Current
costs used by White River were held constant throughout the life of the properties. 

Standards
of Independence and Professional Qualification 

Ryder
Scott is an independent petroleum engineering consulting firm that has been providing petroleum consulting services throughout the world
since 1937. Ryder Scott is employee-owned and maintains offices in Houston, Texas; Denver, Colorado; and Calgary, Alberta, Canada. We
have approximately eighty engineers and geoscientists on our permanent staff. By virtue of the size of our firm and the large number
of clients for which we provide services, no single client or job represents a material portion of our annual revenue. We do not serve
as officers or directors of any privately-owned or publicly-traded oil and gas company and are separate and independent from the operating
and investment decision-making process of our clients. This allows us to bring the highest level of independence and objectivity to each
engagement for our services. 

Ryder
Scott actively participates in industry-related professional societies and organizes an annual public forum focused on the subject of
reserves evaluations and SEC regulations. Many of our staff have authored or co-authored technical papers on the subject of reserves
related topics. We encourage our staff to maintain and enhance their professional skills by actively participating in ongoing continuing
education. 

Prior
to becoming an officer of the Company, Ryder Scott requires that staff engineers and geoscientists receive professional accreditation
in the form of a registered or certified professional engineer s license or a registered or certified professional geoscientist s
license, or the equivalent thereof, from an appropriate governmental authority or a recognized self-regulating professional organization.
Regulating agencies require that, in order to maintain active status, a certain amount of continuing education hours be completed annually,
including an hour of ethics training. Ryder Scott fully supports this technical and ethics training with our internal requirement mentioned
above. 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

 White River Holdings Corp May 22, 2023 Page 8 

We
are independent petroleum engineers with respect to White River. Neither we nor any of our employees have any financial interest in the
subject properties and neither the employment to do this work nor the compensation is contingent on our estimates of reserves for the
properties which were reviewed. 

The
results of this study, presented herein, are based on technical analyses conducted by teams of geoscientists and engineers from Ryder
Scott. The professional qualifications of the undersigned, the technical person primarily responsible for overseeing, reviewing and approving
the evaluation of the reserves information discussed in this report, are included as an attachment to this letter. 

Terms
of Usage 

The
results of our third party study, presented in report form herein, were prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements set forth
in the SEC regulations and intended for public disclosure as an exhibit in filings made with the SEC by White River. 

For
filings made with the SEC under the 1933 Securities Act, we have provided our written consent for the references to our name, as well
as to the references to our third party report, in the registration statement on Form S-1 by White River. Our consent for such use is
included as a separate exhibit to the filings made with the SEC by White River. 

We
have provided White River with a digital version of the original signed copy of this report letter. In the event there are any differences
between the digital version included in filings made by White River and the original signed report letter, the original signed report
letter shall control and supersede the digital version. 

The
data and work papers used in the preparation of this report are available for examination by authorized parties in our offices. Please
contact us if we can be of further service. 

Very
 truly yours, 

RYDER
 SCOTT COMPANY, L.P. 

TBPELS
 Firm Registration No. F-1580 

/s/
 Daniel R. Olds 

Daniel
 R. Olds, P.E. 

TBPELS
 License No. 60996 

Managing
 Senior Vice President 
 
 [SEAL] 

/s/
 Beau Utley 

Beau
 Utley 

Senior
 Petroleum Engineer 

DRO-BU
 (LPC)/pl 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

 White River Holdings Corp May 22, 2023 Page 9 

Professional
Qualifications of Primary Technical Person 

The
conclusions presented in this report are the result of technical analysis conducted by teams of geoscientists and engineers from Ryder
Scott Company, L.P. Daniel R. Olds was the primary technical person responsible for overseeing the estimate of the reserves, future production,
and income prepared by Ryder Scott presented herein. 

Mr.
Olds, an employee of Ryder Scott Company, L.P. (Ryder Scott) since 2001, is a Managing Senior Vice President and also serves as an Engineering
Group Coordinator responsible for coordinating and supervising staff and consulting engineers of the company in ongoing reservoir evaluation
studies worldwide. He is a member of Ryder Scott s Board of Directors. Before joining Ryder Scott, Mr. Olds served in a number
of engineering and evaluation positions with PricewaterhouseCoopers, Wintershall Oil and Gas Company and Cities Service Oil Company.
For more information regarding Mr. Olds geographic and job specific experience, please refer to the Ryder Scott Company website
at www.ryderscott.com/Employees . 

Mr.
Olds earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Petroleum Engineering from West Virginia University in 1981, an MBA from the University of
Houston in 1991 and is a licensed Professional Engineer in the State of Texas. He is also a member of the Society of Petroleum Evaluation
Engineers (past president) and the Society of Petroleum Engineers. He currently serves on the SPE Oil and Gas Reserves Committee. 

In
addition to gaining experience and competency through prior work experience, the Texas Board of Professional Engineers requires a minimum
of fifteen hours of continuing education annually, including at least one hour in the area of professional ethics, which Mr. Olds fulfills.
For 2021, Mr. Olds has over 28 hours of continuing education hours related to reserves, reserve evaluation, and ethics. 

Based
on his educational background, professional training and almost 40 years of practical experience in the estimation and evaluation of
petroleum reserves, Mr. Olds has attained the professional qualifications as a Reserves Estimator and Reserves Auditor set forth in Article
III of the Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information promulgated by the Society
of Petroleum Engineers as of June 2019. 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

 White River Holdings Corp May 22, 2023 Page 10 

PETROLEUM
RESERVES DEFINITIONS 

As
Adapted From: 

 RULE
4-10(a) of REGULATION S-X PART 210 

 UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (SEC) 

PREAMBLE 

On
January 14, 2009, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) published the Modernization of Oil and Gas Reporting;
Final Rule in the Federal Register of National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). The Modernization of Oil and
Gas Reporting; Final Rule includes revisions and additions to the definition section in Rule 4-10 of Regulation S-X, revisions
and additions to the oil and gas reporting requirements in Regulation S-K, and amends and codifies Industry Guide 2 in Regulation S-K.
The Modernization of Oil and Gas Reporting; Final Rule , including all references to Regulation S-X and Regulation S-K,
shall be referred to herein collectively as the SEC regulations . The SEC regulations take effect for all filings made with
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission as of December 31, 2009, or after January 1, 2010. Reference should be made to the
full text under Title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, Regulation S-X Part 210, Rule 4-10(a) for the complete definitions (direct passages
excerpted in part or wholly from the aforementioned SEC document are denoted in italics herein). 

Reserves
are estimated remaining quantities of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of a given date,
by application of development projects to known accumulations. All reserve estimates involve an assessment of the uncertainty relating
the likelihood that the actual remaining quantities recovered will be greater or less than the estimated quantities determined as of
the date the estimate is made. The uncertainty depends chiefly on the amount of reliable geologic and engineering data available at the
time of the estimate and the interpretation of these data. The relative degree of uncertainty may be conveyed by placing reserves into
one of two principal classifications, either proved or unproved. Unproved reserves are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves
and may be further sub-classified as probable and possible reserves to denote progressively increasing uncertainty in their recoverability.
Under the SEC regulations as of December 31, 2009, or after January 1, 2010, a company may optionally disclose estimated quantities of
probable or possible oil and gas reserves in documents publicly filed with the SEC. The SEC regulations continue to prohibit disclosure
of estimates of oil and gas resources other than reserves and any estimated values of such resources in any document publicly filed with
the SEC unless such information is required to be disclosed in the document by foreign or state law as noted in 229.1202 Instruction
to Item 1202. 

Reserves
estimates will generally be revised only as additional geologic or engineering data become available or as economic conditions change. 

Reserves
may be attributed to either natural energy or improved recovery methods. Improved recovery methods include all methods for supplementing
natural energy or altering natural forces in the reservoir to increase ultimate recovery. Examples of such methods are pressure maintenance,
natural gas cycling, waterflooding, thermal methods, chemical flooding, and the use of miscible and immiscible displacement fluids. Other
improved recovery methods may be developed in the future as petroleum technology continues to evolve. 

Reserves
may be attributed to either conventional or unconventional petroleum accumulations. Petroleum accumulations are considered as either
conventional or unconventional based on the nature of their in-place characteristics, extraction method applied, or degree of processing
prior to sale. Examples of unconventional petroleum accumulations include coalbed or coalseam methane (CBM/CSM), basin-centered gas,
shale gas, gas hydrates, natural bitumen and oil shale deposits. These unconventional accumulations may require specialized extraction
technology and/or significant processing prior to sale. 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

 White River Holdings Corp May 22, 2023 Page 11 

Reserves
do not include quantities of petroleum being held in inventory. 

Because
of the differences in uncertainty, caution should be exercised when aggregating quantities of petroleum from different reserves categories. 

RESERVES
(SEC DEFINITIONS) 

Securities
and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X 210.4-10(a)(26) defines reserves as follows: 

Reserves.
 Reserves are estimated remaining quantities of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible,
as of a given date, by application of development projects to known accumulations. In addition, there must exist, or there must be a
reasonable expectation that there will exist, the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in the production, installed means of
delivering oil and gas or related substances to market, and all permits and financing required to implement the project. 

Note
to paragraph (a)(26): Reserves should not be assigned to adjacent reservoirs isolated by major, potentially sealing, faults until
those reservoirs are penetrated and evaluated as economically producible. Reserves should not be assigned to areas that are clearly separated
from a known accumulation by a non-productive reservoir i.e. , absence of reservoir, structurally low reservoir, or negative test
results). Such areas may contain prospective resources i.e. , potentially recoverable resources from undiscovered accumulations). 

PROVED
RESERVES (SEC DEFINITIONS) 

Securities
and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X 210.4-10(a)(22) defines proved oil and gas reserves as follows: 

Proved
oil and gas reserves. Proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and
engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward, from known
reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations prior to the time at which contracts
providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic
or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must
be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time. 

(i)
The area of the reservoir considered as proved includes: 

(A)
The area identified by drilling and limited by fluid contacts, if any, and 

(B)
Adjacent undrilled portions of the reservoir that can, with reasonable certainty, be judged to be continuous with it and to contain economically
producible oil or gas on the basis of available geoscience and engineering data. 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

 White River Holdings Corp May 22, 2023 Page 12 

(ii)
In the absence of data on fluid contacts, proved quantities in a reservoir are limited by the lowest known hydrocarbons (LKH) as seen
in a well penetration unless geoscience, engineering, or performance data and reliable technology establishes a lower contact with reasonable
certainty. 

(iii)
Where direct observation from well penetrations has defined a highest known oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated
gas cap, proved oil reserves may be assigned in the structurally higher portions of the reservoir only if geoscience, engineering, or
performance data and reliable technology establish the higher contact with reasonable certainty. 

(iv)
Reserves which can be produced economically through application of improved recovery techniques (including, but not limited to, fluid
injection) are included in the proved classification when: 

(A)
Successful testing by a pilot project in an area of the reservoir with properties no more favorable than in the reservoir as a whole,
the operation of an installed program in the reservoir or an analogous reservoir, or other evidence using reliable technology establishes
the reasonable certainty of the engineering analysis on which the project or program was based; and 

(B)
The project has been approved for development by all necessary parties and entities, including governmental entities. 

(v)
Existing economic conditions include prices and costs at which economic producibility from a reservoir is to be determined. The price
shall be the average price during the 12-month period prior to the ending date of the period covered by the report, determined as an
unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within such period, unless prices are defined by contractual
arrangements, excluding escalations based upon future conditions. 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

 White River Holdings Corp May 22, 2023 Page 13 

PETROLEUM
RESERVES STATUS DEFINITIONS AND GUIDELINES 

As
Adapted From: 

 RULE
4-10(a) of REGULATION S-X PART 210 

 UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (SEC) 

and 

2018
PETROLEUM RESOURCES MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (SPE-PRMS) 

 Sponsored
and Approved by: 

 SOCIETY
OF PETROLEUM ENGINEERS (SPE) 

 WORLD
PETROLEUM COUNCIL (WPC) 

 AMERICAN
ASSOCIATION OF PETROLEUM GEOLOGISTS (AAPG) 

 SOCIETY
OF PETROLEUM EVALUATION ENGINEERS (SPEE) 

 SOCIETY
OF EXPLORATION GEOPHYSICISTS (SEG) 

 SOCIETY
OF PETROPHYSICISTS AND WELL LOG ANALYSTS (SPWLA) 

 EUROPEAN
ASSOCIATION OF GEOSCIENTISTS ENGINEERS (EAGE) 

Reserves
status categories define the development and producing status of wells and reservoirs. Reference should be made to Title 17, Code of
Federal Regulations, Regulation S-X Part 210, Rule 4-10(a) and the SPE-PRMS as the following reserves status definitions are based on
excerpts from the original documents (direct passages excerpted from the aforementioned SEC and SPE-PRMS documents are denoted in italics
herein). 

DEVELOPED
RESERVES (SEC DEFINITIONS) 

Securities
and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X 210.4-10(a)(6) defines developed oil and gas reserves as follows: 

Developed
oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that can be expected to be recovered: 

(i)
Through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor
compared to the cost of a new well; and 

(ii)
Through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means
not involving a well. 

Developed
Producing (SPE-PRMS Definitions) 

While
not a requirement for disclosure under the SEC regulations, developed oil and gas reserves may be further sub-classified according to
the guidance contained in the SPE-PRMS as Producing or Non-Producing. 

Developed
Producing Reserves 

Developed
Producing Reserves are expected quantities to be recovered from completion intervals that are open and producing at the effective date
of the estimate. 

Improved
recovery reserves are considered producing only after the improved recovery project is in operation. 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

 White River Holdings Corp May 22, 2023 Page 14 

Developed
Non-Producing 

Developed
Non-Producing Reserves include shut-in and behind-pipe Reserves. 

Shut-In 

Shut-in
Reserves are expected to be recovered from: 

(1) completion
 intervals that are open at the time of the estimate but which have not yet started producing; 
 
 (2) wells
 which were shut-in for market conditions or pipeline connections; or 
 
 (3) wells
 not capable of production for mechanical reasons. 

Behind-Pipe 

Behind-pipe
Reserves are expected to be recovered from zones in existing wells that will require additional completion work or future re-completion
before start of production with minor cost to access these reserves. 

In
all cases, production can be initiated or restored with relatively low expenditure compared to the cost of drilling a new well. 

UNDEVELOPED
RESERVES (SEC DEFINITIONS) 

Securities
and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X 210.4-10(a)(31) defines undeveloped oil and gas reserves as follows: 

Undeveloped
oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing
wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. 

(i)
Reserves on undrilled acreage shall be limited to those directly offsetting development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of
production when drilled, unless evidence using reliable technology exists that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility
at greater distances. 

(ii)
Undrilled locations can be classified as having undeveloped reserves only if a development plan has been adopted indicating that they
are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless the specific circumstances, justify a longer time. 

(iii)
Under no circumstances shall estimates for undeveloped reserves be attributable to any acreage for which an application of fluid injection
or other improved recovery technique is contemplated, unless such techniques have been proved effective by actual projects in the same
reservoir or an analogous reservoir, as defined in paragraph (a)(2) of this section, or by other evidence using reliable technology establishing
reasonable certainty. 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 wtrv-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 wtrv-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 wtrv-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 wtrv-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

