<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230418_10-K_edgar_data_1847577_0001140361-23-018724.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5310166</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>286618</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>888400</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1299776</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1499574</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1140419</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-018724.hdr.sgml : 20230418
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417182456
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-018724
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230418
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Learn CW Investment Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001847577
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40885
		FILM NUMBER:		23825044

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11755 WILSHIRE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2320
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4243242990

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11755 WILSHIRE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2320
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-018724.txt : 20230418

10-K
 1
 brhc10050198_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____ to ____.

Commission File Number: 

oration

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading

 symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Securities registered

pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
 (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this
 chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files).

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
 the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
 standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
 under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the
 correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
 executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s
 most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was .

As of April 17, 2023, there were Class A
 ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and
 outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

None.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

1

Item 1.

Business .

2

Item 1A.

Risk Factors. 

12

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments. 

13 

Item 2.

Properties. 

13

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings. 

14 

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures. 

14 

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

14 

Item 6.

[Reserved] 

15

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

15 

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

20 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

21 

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

21 

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures. 

21 

Item 9B.

Other Information. 

22

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

22 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

23 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation. 

27 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

27 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

30 

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

32 

Item 15.

Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

33 

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary. 

33 

i 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements
 within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s
 expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are
 forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify
 forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about:

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;

our ability to complete the Business Combination (as defined herein);

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business;

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following the Business Combination;

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving the Business Combination;

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete the Business Combination;

our pool of prospective target businesses;

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of
 other infectious diseases);

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities;

our public securities potential liquidity and trading;

the lack of a market for our securities;

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; the Company s ability to continue as a going concern;

the Company s ability to continue as a going concern;

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or

our financial performance.

1 

Table of Contents 

The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no
 assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
 results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should
 one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update
 or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

PART I

References in this report to we, us or the Company refer to Learn CW. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor 
 refer to CWAM LC Sponsor, LLC. References to founder shares are to shares of our Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering, and the shares of our Class A ordinary
 shares issued upon the conversion thereof as provided herein, and references to initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering.

Item 1.

Business.

General

We are a blank check company incorporated on February 21, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
 reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, we are a shell company as
 defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. On October 13, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering (the IPO of
 23,000,000 units, which included the issuance of 3,000,000 units as a result of the underwriter s full exercise of their over-allotment option (the Units ), each Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value 0.0001 per
 share (the Public Shares and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company (each, a Public Warrant ), each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for 11.50 per share, subject to
 adjustment. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, and the IPO generated gross proceeds of 230,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated a private placement (the Private Placement with our sponsor, of an
 aggregate of 7,146,000 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 7,146,000. On October 7, 2021, our registration statement for our IPO was declared
 effective.

Following the closing of the IPO on October 13, 2021, a total of 232,300,000 10.10 per Public Unit) of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account (the
 Trust Account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders at a U.S. based trust account, with U.S. Bank National Association, acting as trustee, and invested only in United States government securities within the meaning
 of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company
 Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.

Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its tax obligations (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
 expenses), the funds held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any of the Company s public shares properly
 submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (a) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide holders of the Public Shares the right
 to have their shares redeemed in connection with the Business Combination or to redeem 100 of the Company s public shares if it does not complete the Business Combination by April 13, 2023 (or by October 13, 2023 if the period of time to
 consummate a business combination is extended) (such period, the completion window or (b) with respect to any other material provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (iii) the redemption of
 the Company s Public Shares if it is unable to complete a Business Combination within the completion window, subject to applicable law.

On April 13, 2023, we extended the period of time to consummate the Business Combination by one month, from April 13, 2023 to May 13, 2023. In
 connection with such extension, an aggregate of 115,000 was deposited in the Trust Account. 

Our sponsor is an affiliate of Learn Capital and Commonwealth Asset Management CWAM ). Founded in 2008, Learn Capital is a leading venture capital firm to focus exclusively on early-stage and
 mid-stage investments in the 5.4 trillion global education sector. By leveraging deep sector expertise and networks and sustained attention to emerging breakthroughs in technology-enabled education delivery, the firm has invested early in many
 of the sector s largest and leading companies. In the last decade, Learn Capital has raised four funds totaling 600+ million in assets under management and invested in category-leading companies reaching learners globally, rendering a firm the
 leading global brand for technology-enabled education venture capital. Learn Capital was founded by Rob Hutter and Greg Mauro, a team who formerly managed an affiliate of Founders Fund, and Learn Capital possesses decades of founding, operating,
 and investing experience in the education, consumer, hard tech and enterprise technology sectors.

2 

Table of Contents 

Commonwealth Asset Management Holdings LLC CWAM Platform is a Los Angeles-based asset management platform founded in June 2019 and led by Adam Fisher, our President, and the former Head of Global
 Macro and Real Estate at Soros Fund Management LLC Soros and the former founder and Chief Investment Officer of Commonwealth Opportunity Capital, GP LLC CWOC ). The CWAM Platform offers separate but complementary products in the two
 business lines of Global Macro, managed by its advisor CWAM, and Real Estate, managed by its dedicated advisor Commonwealth Real Estate LP CWRE ). Over time, CWAM has found these two strategies to be the dominant expressions of its top-down
 investment process and philosophy. Prior to establishing the CWAM Platform, the founders and key investment professionals worked together as the core macro and real estate groups at Soros, and before that at CWOC.

While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business industry or sector, we intend to focus our search for target businesses in the education, training and education technology EdTech industries. We intend to build an industry-leading sustainable education platform with attractive returns on invested capital and robust free cash flow generation. By consummating a business combination with a target business in the education,
 training and EdTech industries, we aim to offer public market investors near-term access and direct investment exposure to the long-term trends favorably impacting these sectors and to the related consolidation and value-creation opportunities.
 We intend to take a disciplined approach towards consummating an initial business combination with an emphasis on building significant shareholder value over the long-term. We also intend to look for target businesses with proven management teams
 who will foster an ownership culture with strong alignment of incentives.

Business Strategy

Our business strategy is to identify and complete our Business Combination with a company that complements the experiences and skills of our management team and can benefit from their operational
 expertise. Our selection process will leverage our founders broad and deep relationship network, distinct industry experiences and proven deal sourcing capabilities to access a broad spectrum of differentiated opportunities. This network has
 been developed through our founders extensive experience and demonstrated success in both investing in and operating businesses in our target sectors and across a variety of industries, including:

a track record of successfully identifying, acquiring and growing companies and ability to deliver shareholder value over an extended time period with above-market-average investment returns;

experience deploying a proven value creation toolkit including recruiting world-class talent, identifying value enhancements, delivering operating efficiencies and successfully integrating strategic
 acquisitions; and

an extensive history of accessing the capital markets across various business cycles, including financing businesses and assisting companies with the transition to public ownership.

We believe that our management team is well positioned to identify attractive business combination opportunities with a compelling industry backdrop and an opportunity for significant growth. Our
 founders objectives are to generate attractive returns for shareholders and enhance value through improving operational performance of the acquired company. We expect to favor opportunities with certain industry and business characteristics. Key
 industry characteristics include compelling long-term growth, attractive competitive dynamics, consolidation opportunities and low risk of technological obsolescence. Key business characteristics include high barriers to entry, significant
 streams of recurring revenue, opportunity for operational improvement, attractive steady-state margins, high incremental margins and attractive free cash flow characteristics.

3 

Table of Contents 

Acquisition Criteria

Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will use these
 criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into the Business Combination with a target business that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, which are not meant to be
 exhaustive. However, we intend to seek to acquire businesses that we believe:

are fundamentally sound but are underperforming their potential;

exhibit unrecognized value or other characteristics that we believe have been misevaluated by the marketplace;

are at an inflection point where we believe we can drive improved financial performance;

offer opportunities to enhance financial performance through organic initiatives and/or inorganic growth opportunities that we identify in our analysis and due diligence;

can benefit from our founders knowledge of the target sectors, proven collection of operational strategies and tools, and past experiences in profitability and rapidly scaling businesses;

are valued attractively relative to their existing cash flows and potential for operational improvement; and

offer an attractive potential return for our shareholders, weighing potential growth opportunities and operational improvements in the target business against any identified downside risks.

These criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the
 merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we
 decide to enter into the Business Combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria and guidelines in our shareholder communications
 related to the Business Combination, which, as discussed in the prospectus, would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the SEC.

The Business Combination

We initially had until April 13, 2023 to consummate the Business Combination, with an automatic six-month extension if we have signed a
 definitive agreement with respect to the Business Combination within such 18-month period. However, on April 13, 2023, we extended the period of time to consummate the Business Combination by one month, from April 13, 2023 to May 13, 2023. In
 connection with such extension, an aggregate of 115,000 was deposited in the Trust Account. In connection with any such extension, public shareholders will not be offered the opportunity to vote on or redeem their shares. Pursuant to the terms
 of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and the trust agreement, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate the Business Combination, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon ten days advance
 notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the Trust Account 115,000 0.005 per share in either case) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each one month extension (up to an aggregate of 690,000, or 0.03 per
 share, if we extend for the full six months). Any such payments would be made in exchange for additional Private Placement Warrants to be issued by us to our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, as applicable, at a price of 1.00 per warrant
 (for a total of 690,000 if payments are made for six such extensions), which warrants will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. We will only be able to extend the period of time to consummate the Business Combination by up to an
 additional five months. We will issue a press release announcing the extension at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we will issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline, announcing whether the funds
 have been timely deposited. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are obligated to fund the Trust Account in order to extend the time for us to complete the Business Combination, but our sponsor will not be obligated to extend such time.

4 

Table of Contents 

The rules of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE _ require that we must consummate an initial business combination with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair
 market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions held in trust) at the time of
 our signing a definitive agreement in connection with the Business Combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the Business Combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent
 investment banking firm that is a member of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will
 not be able to make such independent determination of fair market value, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value
 of the target s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board of
 directors determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. As any such opinion, if obtained, would only state that the fair market value meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion
 includes material information regarding the valuation of the target or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required by Schedule 14A of the
 Exchange Act, any proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC _ in connection with the Business Combination will include such opinion.

We anticipate structuring the Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the outstanding
 equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure the Business Combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in
 order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting
 securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the Business Combination may collectively own a minority
 interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the Business Combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of
 the issued and outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to the
 Business Combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to the Business Combination. If less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or
 acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the Business Combination involves more than one target business,
 the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking shareholder
 approval, as applicable. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding the Business Combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. To the extent we effect the Business Combination with a company or business
 that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular
 target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.

Acquisition Process

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document
 reviews and inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. We will also utilize our operational and capital planning experience.

5 

Table of Contents 

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the Business Combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with
 any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which the Business Combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the
 funds we can use to complete another business combination.

We are not prohibited from pursuing the Business Combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, founders, officers or directors. In the event we seek to
 complete the Business Combination or, subject to certain exceptions, subsequent material transactions with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our founders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors,
 will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such initial business combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view.

Our officers and directors have not individually selected a target business. Our management team is continuously made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to
 pursue for a business combination. However, we have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination
 target with respect to an initial business combination with us.

In addition, certain of our founders, officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities, including CWAM and
 Learn Capital. As a result, if any of our founders, officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he, she or it has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then,
 subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, or contractual obligations, he, she or it will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can
 pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not believe that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our founders, officers or
 directors will materially affect our ability to complete the Business Combination. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a
 director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any
 interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other.

Furthermore, our sponsor, founders, officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during
 the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. Our founders, officers and directors are
 not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and
 monitoring the related due diligence. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete the Business Combination.

6 

Table of Contents 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of the Business Combination

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of the Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash,
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of two (2) business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest (net of taxes paid or payable), divided by the number of then
 issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account is 10.10 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be
 reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. The redemption right will include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself in order to
 validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of the Business Combination with respect to our warrants. Further, subject to the provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, we
 will not proceed with redeeming the Public Shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into agreements with us,
 pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares in connection with the completion of the Business Combination. The other members of our management team have entered into
 agreements similar to the one entered into by our sponsor with respect to any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of the Business Combination.

Manner of Conducting Redemptions

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of the Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general
 meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our
 discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or
 whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while
 direct mergers with our company and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association would typically require shareholder
 approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the
 tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the NYSE, we will be required to comply with the NYSE rules. If we held a shareholder vote to approve the Business
 Combination, we will, pursuant to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association:

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and

file proxy materials with the SEC.

Submission of the Business Combination to a Stockholder Vote

In the event that we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights
 described above upon completion of the business combination.

7 

Table of Contents 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete the Business Combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the
 shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, Softbank, the sponsor investors and our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO in
 favor of the Business Combination. As a result, assuming Softbank and the sponsor investors continue to own the shares they have purchased, we would not need any additional shares to be voted in favor of a transaction, in order to have the
 Business Combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our initial shareholders have entered into
 agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the Business Combination, or (ii) to waive their redemption
 rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (a) that would affect the substance or timing of our
 obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with the Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination by April 13, 2023 (or by October 13, 2023
 if the period of time to consummate a business combination is extended) or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity. On April 13, 2023, we extended the period of time to
 consummate the Business Combination by one month, from April 13, 2023 to May 13, 2023. In connection with such extension, an aggregate of 115,000 was deposited in the Trust Account.

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of the Business Combination if We Seek Stockholder Approval

If we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Amended and Restated
 Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that a public shareholder, other than Softbank, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
 Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO (the Excess Shares ), without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will
 discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to
 purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten to
 exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability (other than Softbank)
 to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the IPO without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete the Business Combination,
 particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.

8 

Table of Contents 

However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against the Business Combination.

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Business Combination

Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that we will have by April 13,
 2023 (or by October 13, 2023 if the period of time to consummate a business combination is extended) to complete the Business Combination. On April 13, 2023, we extended the period of time to consummate the Business Combination by one month,
 from April 13, 2023 to May 13, 2023. In connection with such extension, an aggregate of 115,000 was deposited in the Trust Account. 

If we do not complete the Business Combination within such prescribed time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
 not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay
 dissolution expenses and net of taxes paid or payable), divided by the number of then-issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
 further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case, to
 our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which
 will expire worthless if we fail to complete the Business Combination within the prescribed time period. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of
 the Business Combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands
 law.

Corporate Information

Our executive offices are located at 11755 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 2320, Los Angeles, California 90025, and our telephone number is (424) 324-2990. We maintain a corporate website at
 www.learncwinvestmentcorp.com. The information that is or may be contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not part of this report and is not incorporated herein by reference. We are
 required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events in Current Reports on Form 8-K. These reports are available on our website. The
 SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website is located at http://www.sec.gov. In addition, the
 Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from us at info@learncwinvestmentcorp.com or by telephone at 424-324-2990.

Status as a Public Company

We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to a traditional initial
 public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our Public Shares
 (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Public Shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost
 effective method to becoming a public company than a typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are
 significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us.

Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s
 ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access
 to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s
 profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.

9 

Table of Contents 

While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a special purpose
 acquisition company, including our lack of an operating history and our potential need to seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial business combination, negatively.

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of
 certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive
 compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our
 securities may be more volatile.

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for
 complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage
 of the benefits of this extended transition period.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual
 gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second
 fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.

Competition

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other
 special purpose acquisition companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in
 identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge
 than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the
 sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others
 an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of the Business Combination in conjunction with a
 shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for the Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
 negotiating a business combination.

Facilities

We currently maintain our executive offices at 11755 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 2320, Los Angeles, California 90025. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

10 

Table of Contents 

Employees

We currently have three executive officers: Robert Hutter, Adam Fisher and Greg Mauro. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters
 but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed the Business Combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been
 selected for the Business Combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of the Business Combination.

11 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors.

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this Annual Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a
 material effect on us and our operations.

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed Business Combination, which means we may complete the Business Combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do
 not support such a combination.

The requirement that we complete the Business Combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we
 have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete the Business Combination on terms that would produce
 value for our shareholders.

We may not be able to complete the Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares
 and liquidate.

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or
 warrants, potentially at a loss.

If we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination, our sponsor, Softbank, the sponsor investors, the initial shareholders, our directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may elect to
 purchase Public Shares or Public Warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares.

The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after the Business Combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess
 the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for the Business Combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and
 completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.

If we do not consummate the Business Combination by May 13, 2023 (or by October 13, 2023 if the period of time to consummate a business combination is extended), our public shareholders may be forced to wait
 beyond such applicable period before redemption from our Trust Account.

Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business
 combination.

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited.

12 

Table of Contents 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within th meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging
 growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our seucirites less attractive to investor and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.

The current economic downturn may lead to increased difficulty in completing our business combination.

Recent volatility in capital markets may affect our ability to obtain financing for our business combination through sales of our ordinary shares or issuance of indebtedness.

Military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for public traded securities, which could make it difficult for us to consummate the Business Combination.

There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

There may be significant competition for us to find an attractive target for an initial Business Combination. This could increase the costs associated with completing our initial Business Combination and may
 result in our inability to find a suitable target for our initial Business Combination.

If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a
 result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete an initial Business Combination and instead to liquidate
 the Company.

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with the Business Combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to
 enforce our legal rights.

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and
 results of operations.

For the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section entitled Risk Factors 
 contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on April 4, 2022, and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022,
 as filed with the SEC on May, 20, 2022, August 22, 2022, and November 22, 2022, respectively.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

Item 2. 

Properties.

We do not own or lease any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. We currently maintain our executive offices at 11755 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 2320, Los Angeles,
 California 90025. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

13 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings.

To the knowledge of our management, there is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or
 against any of our property.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market Information

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on The New York Stock Exchange under the symbols LCW.U, LCW and LCW.WS, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on
 October 13, 2021, and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants commenced separate public trading on November 29, 2021.

Holders

On December 31, 2022, there was 1 holder of record of our units, 1 holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, 2 holders of record of our warrants, and 5 holders of record of our founder shares.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

None.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

In February 2021, we issued to our sponsor an aggregate of 7,187,000 founder shares in exchange for a payment of 25,000 from our sponsor to cover for certain expenses on behalf of us, or
 approximately 0.003 per share. On August 20, 2021 and September 9, 2021, we effected two surrenders of founder shares, resulting in our initial shareholders holding, and there being outstanding, an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares. The sale
 of the founder shares was made pursuant to an exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

14 

Table of Contents 

As described above under the heading Business General in Part I of this report, on October 13, 2021, we consummated the Private Placement, with our sponsor and the Underwriters, of an aggregate of
 7,146,000 Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 7,146,000. The Private Placement Warrants are substantially similar to the Public
 Warrants, except that if held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, they may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis and subject to certain limited exceptions, will be subject to transfer restrictions until 30 days following the
 consummation of the Company s Business Combination. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company under all redemption
 scenarios and exercisable by holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The Private Placement Warrants have been issued pursuant to, and are governed by the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement. The issuances of the Private
 Placement Warrants were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The sale of the private placement warrants was made pursuant to an exemption from registration
 contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering

On October 13, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 23,000,000 Units, which included 3,000,000 Units issued pursuant to the exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option. The Units were sold at
 a price of 10.00 per Unit, and the IPO generated gross proceeds of 230,000,000. Evercore Group L.L.C. acted as the sole underwriter of the IPO. The securities sold in the IPO were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement
 on Form S-1 (No. 333-254820). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on October 7, 2021.

On October 13, 2021, a total of 230,000,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were deposited in the Trust Account. The net proceeds deposited in the
 Trust Account remain on deposit in the Trust Account and are invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended
 investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the
 distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders,

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

None.

Item 6. 

[Reserved]

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

References to the Company, our, us or we refer to Learn CW Investment Corporation. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should
 be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the
 discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. Certain information contained in the
 discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

15 

Table of Contents 

Overview

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on February 2, 2021, for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
 reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. While we may pursue an initial Business Combination target in any industry or geographic location, we intend to focus our search for a target business operating in the
 media, entertainment and technology industries. Our Sponsor, Learn CW Investment Corporation, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. We intend to effectuate the Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering
 and the private placement of the private placement warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans
 to complete a Business Combination will be successful.

Our registration statement for our IPO was declared effective on October 7, 2021. On October 13, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 23,000,000 units, including the issuance of 3,000,000 units as a result
 of the underwriter s full exercise of their over-allotment option, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 230,000,000. Each Unit consisted of one Public Share and one-half of one redeemable Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles
 the holder to purchase one Public Share for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of 7,146,000 warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private
 placement to CWAM LC Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor generating gross proceeds of 7,146,000.

Following the closing of the IPO on October 13, 2021, 232,300,000 10.10 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement
 Warrants was placed in a non-interest bearing Trust Account (the Trust Account ), located in the United States at a nationally recognized financial institution, with U.S. Bank National Association acting as trustee, and invested only in United
 States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company
 Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee will not be permitted to invest in other securities or assets. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending
 the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
 Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of the Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of the public
 shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares; or (iii)
 absent the completing an initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering, the return of the funds held in the Trust Account to the public stockholders as part of the redemption of the public shares. If the Company
 does not invest the proceeds as discussed above, the Company may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act.

If we are unable to complete the Business Combination within the Combination Period or during any Extension Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
 promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, divided by the number of then
 outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public Shareholder s rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as
 reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in
 each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law.

Results of Operations

Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022, were those related to our formation, the preparation for our Initial Public Offering and, since the closing of the
 IPO, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of the Business
 Combination, at the earliest. We incurred expenses as a result of being a public company (including for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for expenses in connection with searching for a prospective
 initial Business Combination.

16 

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 9,891,490, which consisted of 
 operating expenses of 1,802,357, a change in fair value of the warrant liability of 8,419,283, and interest income related to the Trust Account of 3,274,564. 

For the period ended December 31, 2021, we had a net income of 9,486,606, which consisted of operating expenses of 453,467, a change in fair value of the warrant liability of
 12,039,966, interest income of 3,712, transaction costs allocable to warrant liability of 781,595 and loss on issuance of private placement warrants of 1,322,010.

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern

On October 13, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 20,000,000 units, generating gross proceeds of 200,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the
 Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated a private placement of 7,146,000 Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to its Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7,146,000. Simultaneously, the underwriters exercised the
 over-allotment option and purchased an additional 3,000,000 Over-Allotment Units, generating an aggregate of gross proceeds of 30,000,000.

Following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering on October 13, 2021, an amount of 232,300,000 10.10 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the
 Initial Public Offering was placed in the Trust Account. Transaction costs amounted to 12,375,591 consisting of 2,446,000 of underwriting fees, 9,780,500 of deferred underwriting fees and 930,686 of other costs.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had approximately 235,578,275 and 232,303,712 cash held in the Trust Account, respectively. We intend to use substantially all of the funds
 held in the Trust Account. To the extent that our shares or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the
 operations of the post-Business Combination entity, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash of 748,857 and 237,363 held outside of the Trust Account, respectively. We intend to use the funds held outside of the Trust Account primarily to
 identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, properties, or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representative or owners, review
 corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination.

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or our officers and directors may provide us working
 capital loans Working Capital Loans ). On May 3, 2022, the Sponsor confirmed to the Company that it will provide any such Working Capital Loans for at least the next twelve months. On May 5, 2022, the Company drew down and received cash
 proceeds of 1,050,000. The outstanding balance under this loan is 1,050,000 as of December 31, 2022. If we complete a Business Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event
 that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such
 loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. The Company initially had until April 13, 2023, 18 months from the closing of the IPO, to consummate a Business Combination. On April 13, 2023, we
 extended the period of time to consummate the Business Combination by one month, from April 13, 2023 to May 13, 2023. In connection with such extension, an aggregate of 115,000 was deposited in the Trust Account. It is uncertain that the
 Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by the specified period. If a Business Combination is not consummated by May 13, 2023 and the Company decides not to extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination,
 there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. 

17 

Table of Contents 

The Company s evaluation of its working capital, along with, the liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt
 about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern one year from the date that these financial statements are issued. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the
 classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Founder Shares

On February 2, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 7,187,000 shares of Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. On August 20, 2021
 and September 9, 2021, the Sponsor effected a surrender of 1,287,000 Class B ordinary shares and 150,000 Class B ordinary shares, respectively, to the Company for no consideration, resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B ordinary
 shares outstanding from 7,187,000 to 5,750,000. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part. The
 underwriter s over-allotment option was exercised in full on October 13, 2021, and these shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.

The Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until two years after the completion of a Business Combination.

Promissory Note Related Party

On February 18, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Proposed Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). On March 25,
 2021, the Company borrowed 300,000 on the Note to cover expenses related to the Proposed Offering. On September 7, 2021, the Sponsor and the company agreed to amend and restate the Note (the Amended and Restated Note to extend the maturity
 date. The Amended and Restated Note was non-interest bearing and was paid in full in October 2021.

Related Party Loans

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the sponsor, an affiliate of the sponsor, or the Company s officers and directors may, but are
 not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without
 interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of notes may be converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The warrants will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. In
 the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital
 Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has drawn 1,050,000 and 0 on this loan, respectively.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations
 other than obligations disclosed herein.

18 

Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations

Registration Rights Agreement

The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares, and any shares that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of the
 Founder Shares) were entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed upon the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these securities were entitled to make up to three demands, excluding
 short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders had certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. We will
 bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting Agreement

The underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 7,780,500 in the aggregate, and a discretionary deferred fee of 2,000,000. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter
 from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

Softbank and Sponsors Investors Investment

A fund managed by SB Management Limited, a 100 directly owned subsidiary of SoftBank Group Corp., and certain members of our Sponsor, in the aggregate, have purchased 100.0
 million of units (or 10,000,000 units) and 7.7 million of units (or 770,000 units), respectively, in the Initial Public Offering. The underwriter is entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.35 per unit for every unit purchased by Softbank, the
 payment of which has been deferred and will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination. The underwriter has not received any underwritten
 discount for any unit purchased by the sponsor investors.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of the financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP requires management to
 make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
 results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting estimates affecting our financial statements:

Derivative Financial Instruments

The Company accounts for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in
 Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ), and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants
 are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are
 indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly
 period end date while the warrants are outstanding.

For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance.
 For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the
 estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. The fair value of the warrants was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The more significant estimates made by management
 in these fair value determinations are around the inputs used in the fair value model, with volatility being the most judgmental of those inputs. A 1 increase in volatility input would increase the Company s warrant liability by approximately
 1,700,000.

19 

Table of Contents 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards

In August 2020, FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU
 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative
 scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an
 entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its financial statements.

Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements.

JOBS Act

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. Section 102(b)(1)
 of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared
 effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition
 period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected to irrevocably opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is
 issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we will adopt the new or revised standard at the time public companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial
 statements with another emerging growth company that has not opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used.

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act,
 if, as an emerging growth company , we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section
 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the
 PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive
 compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the
 completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

The net proceeds of our IPO and the Private Placement held in the Trust Account are invested in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain
 conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest
 rate risk.

20 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Reference is made to Pages F-1 through F-20 comprising a portion of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is
 recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
 be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

As required by Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
 our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective, due solely to a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the warrant valuation and
 the recording of interest income earned on the trust account. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that
 the financial statements included in this Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well
 conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are
 resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance
 that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
 that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.

Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting

As required by SEC rules and regulations implement Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
 Officer is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, as amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that:

21 

Table of Contents 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company,

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of our management and directors, and

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements

Because of its inherent limitation, internal control over financial reporting may
 not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
 that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at
 December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
 and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Management has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our
 review process for complex securities.

This Report does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Other than as discussed above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
 (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 

Other Information.

Not applicable.

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

Not applicable.

22 

Table of Contents 

PART III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors and Executive Officers

Our directors and executive officers are as follows:

Name

Age

Title

Robert Hutter

51

Chief Executive Officer and Director

Adam Fisher

51

President and Director

Greg Mauro

53

Chief Operating Officer

Alan Howard

59

Director

Ellen Levy

53

Director

Peter Relan

60

Director

Daniel H. Stern

62

Director

Anuranjita Tewary

46

Director

Robert Hutter serves as our Chief Executive Officer and Director. Rob Hutter is the Founder Managing Partner at Learn Capital. He
 oversees the investing practice of the firm, which spans seed, early stage and emerging growth companies dedicated to the transformation of learning and the improvement of individual and societal capacities at scale. He represents Learn Capital
 across a range of portfolio investments including Coursera, Udemy, Nerdy, Photomath, Brilliant, SoloLearn, Andela, Prenda, Merlyn Mind and several other breakthrough firms. In addition to his work with edtech companies, he is an active angel
 investor in tech startups active across a span of other segments. Previously, Rob was a Partner at Revolution Ventures, an early stage venture investment firm and affiliate of Founders Fund. He was additionally co-founder and president of Swarm
 Networks, a massively scalable storage company purchased by Intel. He was also involved in the founding stages of transportation intelligence leader SmartDrive Systems and the chipmaker Silicon Spice, which was purchased by Broadcom. In addition,
 he co-founded two companies in online games and also co-founded Edusoft, a K-12 assessment management platform purchased by Houghton-Mifflin in 2003. He is a graduate of Harvard University. We believe that Mr. Hutter is well qualified to serve as
 a director due to his significant investment experience and his senior leadership experience.

Adam Fisher serves as our President and Director. Mr. Fisher is the Founder and Chief Investment Officer of the CWAM Platform. Over the last
 16 years, Mr. Fisher has built and successfully led numerous investment management practices across both public and private markets. Prior to launching Commonwealth, from 2017 to 2019, Mr. Fisher served as the Global Head of Macro and Real Estate
 at Soros Fund Management. Prior to joining Soros, Mr. Fisher founded and served as the CIO of CWOC, a global macro hedge fund, from its inception in November 2008 up until it began the process of returning capital to investors in July 2017 when
 the investment team moved to Soros. CWOC had approximately 2.3 billion assets under management at its closing in June 2017 and 25 employees across three office locations. The firm offered two comingled global macro hedge funds as well as
 multiple co-investment opportunities in both the liquid and illiquid space. Before CWOC, Mr. Fisher co-founded Orient Property Group in 2006, focusing on investments throughout the Asia Pacific region. Prior to that, from 2003 to 2006, Mr. Fisher
 co-founded Irongate Capital Partners Irongate ), a property investment and development firm. Irongate and its predecessor entity were involved in property transactions in Florida, California, Hawaii, Mexico and Canada. Prior to founding
 Irongate, Mr. Fisher worked in New York for two private equity firms, NMS Capital and TD Capital, as well as a risk arbitrage firm affiliated with Reservoir Capital. He holds a JD/MBA from Columbia University and serves on the Columbia University
 Richman Center for Business, Law and Public Policy Advisory Board. He received his B.S. from Washington University in St. Louis. We believe that Mr. Fisher is well qualified to serve as a director due to his significant investment experience and
 his senior leadership experience.

23 

Table of Contents 

Greg Mauro serves as our Chief Operating Officer. Greg Mauro is the Founder Managing Partner of Learn Capital. Greg currently serves
 on the boards of New Globe, Higher Ground, Wave Neuroscience, Cognitive Genetics, Ascent, Smashcut, Foundry College and previously served on the boards of Edmodo (sold to NetDragon) and Mangahigh (sold to Westermann). Greg has been active in the
 charter school movement since 2000, serving eight years on the foundation board for High Tech High, considered by many observers to be the MIT of charter schools. He was also the founder of Revolution Community Ventures, providing low-cost
 funds to high performing charters serving low-income communities. Previously, Greg managed Revolution Ventures, an early-stage venture firm and affiliate of Founders Fund. While at
 Revolution, Greg was the Co-Founder and President of SmartDrive, a video-based safety program and transportation intelligence platform transform. Greg was also Co-Founder and CEO of Nextivity, whose Cel-Fi product is a low-cost, carrier-approved
 digital signal booster. Greg was first investor and led business development at Entropic, inventor of the ubiquitous MoCa home networking standard. Greg secured investment from Time Warner, Comcast, DISH, and DIRECTV before going public. Greg was
 also co-founder of Tachyon, the world s first broadband-over-satellite provider, serving customers as diverse as Burning Man, General Electric, and the US Department of Defense. Greg is the co-owner of Powder Mountain, the largest ski area in the
 United States. Greg is a member of the Pacific Council on International Policy. Greg s career began as a Monitor Group strategy consultant, and he is a graduate of UCLA s College of Honors.

Alan Howard serves as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Howard is Founder Partner and Senior Trader of Brevan Howard Asset Management
 LLP, one of the world s leading global macro absolute return managers. We believe that Mr. Howard is well qualified to serve as a director due to his significant investment experience and his senior leadership experience.

Ellen Levy serves as a member of our board of directors. Dr. Levy is Managing Director of Silicon Valley Connect, working with organizations
 and entrepreneurs on opportunities for networked innovation. She is also an active angel investor in early-stage technology centric companies across many sectors including EdTech. Additionally, she is a member of the Board of Directors for
 commercial real estate finance company Walker Dunlop, alternative investment platform for financial advisors CAIS and social network for military and veterans company Rallypoint. She has been appointed as a Senior Advisor to the President
 of Arizona State University. From 2003 to 2012, Dr. Levy worked at LinkedIn, having served as Vice President of Strategic Initiatives, head of Corporate Business Development, a member of the Executive Team, and as Advisory Board member when
 the company was first founded. Prior to LinkedIn, Dr. Levy spent two years running a program at Stanford University, facilitating collaboration between industry partners, Silicon Valley, and the university research community. Over her career, Dr.
 Levy has held formal roles in venture capital (Softbank Venture Capital; NeoCarta Ventures; Draper Fisher Jurvetson), startups (WhoWhere, sold to Lycos; Softbook Press, sold to Gemstar; LinkedIn, LNKD), technology think tanks (Interval Research),
 large corporations (Apple Computer, AAPL; PriceWaterhouse Coopers), and universities (Harvard University; Arizona State University; Stanford University). She has a BA from the University of Michigan and a MA/PhD in Cognitive Psychology from
 Stanford University. We believe that Dr. Levy is well qualified to serve as a director due to her significant investment experience and her senior leadership experience.

Peter Relan serves as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Relan is the founder of YouWeb Incubator, and the co-founder and Chief
 Executive Officer of GotIt! Inc. Prior to founding YouWeb in 2007, Mr. Relan served as the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Business Signatures, an internet fraud detection engine, from 2001 to 2007. Prior to Business Signatures, he worked
 at Oracle from 1994 to 1998, serving as the Vice President, Internet Division prior to his departure. From 1988 to 1994, he was an architect at Hewlett-Packard. Mr. Relan was the initial investor, and served on the Board of Discord until 2020.
 Mr. Relan s career began as a network development engineer and an internet research engineer for Systems Development Corporation. Mr. Relan received an MS in Engineering Management from Stanford University and a BS in Engineering from UCLA. We
 believe that Mr. Relan is well qualified to serve as a director due to his significant business experience and his senior leadership experience.

Daniel H. Stern serves as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Stern is founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer of Reservoir Capital
 Group, a New York-based investment management firm. Prior to founding Reservoir Capital Group in 1998, Mr. Stern was President of Ziff Brothers Investments and served as an Associate at Bass Brothers Enterprises in Fort Worth, Texas. Mr. Stern is
 the Chairman of Film at Lincoln Center and serves as a Trustee of several non-profit organizations. Mr. Stern received an AB from Harvard College and an MBA from Harvard Business School. We believe that Mr. Stern is well qualified to serve as a
 director due to his significant investment experience and his senior leadership experience.

24 

Table of Contents 

Anuranjita Tewary serves as a member of our board of directors. Dr. Tewary currently is an independent advisor, advising companies on how to
 develop data strategies that align with their respective business and product goals, as well as with respect to the kind of data and analytics expertise needed, how best to structure data organizations, and how to hire the right kind of data
 science talent. Prior to this, Dr. Tewary was the Chief Data Officer for Mint at Intuit and Director of Product Management for Data Products. Dr. Tewary started Level Up Analytics in 2012. Level Up Analytics was acquired by Intuit in October
 2013. Prior to that, Dr. Tewary was a Senior Data Scientist at LinkedIn. Dr. Tewary is also the founder of The Technovation Challenge, an education non-profit dedicated to teaching girls coding and high-tech entrepreneurship. Dr. Tewary has a
 bachelor s degrees in Physics and Mathematics with Computer Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a PhD in Applied Physics from Stanford University. We believe that Dr. Tewary is well qualified to serve as a director due to
 her significant entrepreneurship experience and her senior leadership experience.

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors

Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual
 general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. The
 term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Howard and Dr. Levy will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. Relan, Mr. Stern and Dr. Tewary will
 expire at our second general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Fisher and Mr. Hutter, will expire at our third annual general meeting.

Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior
 to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors will be authorized to
 appoint persons to the offices as set forth in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association as it deems appropriate. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that our officers may consist of one
 or more chairmen of the board, chief executive officers, a president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Our board of directors has one standing committee, an audit committee. Because we will be a controlled company under applicable NYSE rules, we are not required to have a compensation committee
 composed of independent directors or a nominating and corporate governance committee composed of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NYSE and Rule 10A of the Exchange Act require that the
 audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.

Audit Committee

We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Mr. Stern, Mr. Relan and Dr. Tewary serve as members of our audit committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC
 rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to the exception described below. Mr. Stern, Mr. Relan and Dr. Tewary are independent. Because our securities are listed on the NYSE in
 connection with our IPO, we have one year from the date of the IPO for our audit committee to have at least three members, all of whom must be independent.

Mr. Stern serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee meets the financial literacy requirements of the NYSE, and our board of directors has determined that Mr.
 Stern qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. The primary purposes of our audit committee are to assist the board s oversight of:

25 

Table of Contents 

the integrity of our financial statements;

our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

the qualifications, engagement, compensation, independence and performance of our independent auditor;

our process relating to risk management and the conduct and systems of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures;

the performance of our internal audit function; and

such other matters as are assigned to the committee by the board pursuant to its charter or as mandated under applicable laws, rules and regulations.

The audit committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of the NYSE.

Director Nominations

We do not have a standing nominating and corporate governance committee though we intend to form a nominating and corporate governance committee as and when required to do so by law or NYSE rules. The
 typical functions of this committee are addressed by our full board of directors. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees
 to stand for appointment at the next annual general meeting (or, if applicable, an extraordinary general meeting). Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director for appointment to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth
 in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.

We have not formally established any specific minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for
 director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom and the ability to represent the best interests of our
 shareholders.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our
 board of directors.

Code of Ethics

We have adopted a code of ethics and business conduct (our Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and
 employees.

Corporate Governance Guidelines

Our board of directors has adopted corporate governance guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of the NYSE that serve as a flexible framework within which our board of directors
 and its committees operate. These guidelines will cover a number of areas including board membership criteria and director qualifications, director responsibilities, board agenda, roles of the chairman of the board, chief executive officer and
 presiding director, meetings of independent directors, committee responsibilities and assignments, board member access to management and independent advisors, director communications with third parties, director compensation, director orientation
 and continuing education, evaluation of senior management and management succession planning.

26 

Table of Contents 

Availability of Documents

We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement relating to our IPO and they are referred to in the exhibit index of this report.
 You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics and corporate governance guidelines will be provided without charge upon request from us and
 will be posted on our website. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Please see Where You Can Find Additional Information. 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation.

Executive Officer and Director Compensation

None of our executive officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be
 reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an initial business combination. We also expect that customary management fees will be paid to an affiliate of our sponsor to manage the
 investments in the Trust Account. In the future, we, upon consultation with the compensation committee of our board of directors, may decide to compensate our executive officers and other employees. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly
 basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than
 quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses related to
 identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor,
 executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of the Business Combination.

After the completion of the Business Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees
 will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit
 on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of
 the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination,
 by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of the Business Combination, although it is possible that some
 or all of our executive officers and directors may remain directors or negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the Business Combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to
 retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of the Business Combination
 will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of April 17, 2023, based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to
 the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares, by:

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares;

27 

Table of Contents 

each of our executive officers and directors; and

all our executive officers and directors as a group.

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table
 does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this report.

Class B ordinary shares

Class A ordinary shares

Name of Beneficial Owners (1) 

Number of

 Shares

 Beneficially

 Owned

Approximate

 Percentage

 of

 Class

Number of

 Shares

 Beneficially

 Owned

Approximate

 Percentage

 of

 Class

CWAM LC Sponsor LLC (4) 

5,630,000

97.9

770,000

3.35

Robert Hutter (3) 

5,630,000

97.9

770,000

3.35

Adam Fisher (4) 

5,630,000

97.9

770,000

3.35

Greg Mauro

Alan Howard

Ellen Levy

30,000

Peter Relan

30,000

Daniel H. Stern

30,000

Anuranjita Tewary

30,000

All officers and directors as a group (five individuals)

5,750,000

100

SB Northstar LP (5) 

10,000,000

43.48

SoftBank Group Corp. (5) 

6,573,000

28.58

SB Management Limited (5) 

10,000,000

43.48

Cantor Fitzgerald Securities

3,427,000

14.90

Less than one percent.

(1) 

Based on 28,750,000 ordinary shares outstanding as of March 30, 2022, including 23,000,000 Class A ordinary shares (including those Class A ordinary shares comprising a portion of a Unit) and 5,750,000 Class B
 ordinary shares. Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to elect all of our directors
 prior to the consummation of the Business Combination.

(2) 

Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 11755 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 2320, Los Angeles, California 90025.

(3) 

Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the
 consummation of the Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder thereof.

(4) 

These Class B ordinary shares are held directly by CWAM LC Sponsor LLC. CWAM LC Sponsor LLC is owned by three members, the largest of which, Learn Capital, LLC, holds a 50 interest. Robert Hutter is the sole
 member of Learn Capital, LLC. The non-member manager of CWAM LC Sponsor LLC is ABF Manager LLC. Adam Fisher is the sole member of ABF Manager LLC. Accordingly, each of Learn Capital, LLC, Robert Hutter, Adam Fisher, and ABF Manager LLC
 may be deemed to beneficially own the Class B ordinary shares held directly by CWAM LC Sponsor LLC. Each of Learn Capital, LLC, Robert Hutter, Adam Fisher, and ABF Manager LLC disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares except to the
 extent, if any, of his or its pecuniary interest therein.

28 

Table of Contents 

(5) 

According to the SoftBank 13G filed on November 10, 2021, these Class A ordinary shares are held directly by SB Northstar LP SB Fund ). SB Management Limited SB Management serves as the investment manager
 to the SB Fund and SoftBank Group Corp. SoftBank owns SB Management. The address of SoftBank is 1-7-1, Kaigan, Minato-ku Tokyo 105-7537 Japan. The address of SB Management is 9th Floor, Al Sila Tower Adgm Square, Al Maryah Island Abu
 Dhabi, C0 NA. SB Management serves as the investment manager to the SB Fund and as such may be deemed to have voting and investment power over the securities held by the SB Fund. SoftBank owns SB Management and it may be deemed to have
 voting and investment power over the Class A Ordinary Shares held by the SB Fund.

Our initial shareholders will have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders of our public shares will not have the right to appoint any directors to our
 board of directors prior to the Business Combination. Because of this ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to
 our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and approval of significant corporate transactions including the Business Combination. Softbank and the sponsor investors purchased 100.0 million of units (or 10,000,000 units) and
 7.7 million of units (or 770,000 units), respectively, in the IPO, which number of units in the aggregate equals approximately 37.5 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding after the
 closing of the IPO. Softbank is not affiliated with us, our sponsor or any of our officers and directors, and Softbank and the sponsor investors did not receive any Class B ordinary shares in connection with the IPO. Such number of units,
 together with Class B ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders, equals approximately 57.5 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding after the closing of the IPO.

Our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 7,146,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.00
 per warrant. If we do not complete the Business Combination by April 13, 2023 (or by October 13, 2023 if the period of time to consummate a business combination is extended), the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The private
 placement warrants are subject to the transfer restrictions described below. The private placement warrants will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. Our sponsor, or its
 permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the private placement
 warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in the IPO. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the
 warrants being sold as part of the units in the IPO.

CWAM LC Sponsor LLC, our sponsor, and CWAM LLC and Learn Capital, LLC are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws.

29 

Table of Contents 

Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants

The founder shares, private placement warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise
 thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the letter agreement entered into by our initial shareholders, directors and officers. Pursuant to such letter agreement, our initial shareholders, directors and
 officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell (i) any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (a) one year after the completion of the Business Combination; and (b) subsequent to the Business Combination (x) the date on
 which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property or (y) if the closing
 price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any twenty (20) trading days within any
 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Business Combination and (ii) any of their private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants until thirty (30) days after the completion of
 the Business Combination. In addition, Softbank and the sponsor investors have expressed an interest in entering into letter agreements with us pursuant to which they would agree to not transfer, assign or sell any of their units and the
 underlying securities for a period of 60 days from the date of the prospectus. The foregoing restrictions are not applicable to transfers (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, any
 members of our sponsor or their affiliates, or any affiliates of our sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of one of the individual s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of that is a member of the individual s
 immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization, (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual, (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified
 domestic relations order, (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement or in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at
 which the applicable securities were originally purchased, (f) by virtue of the laws of the State of Delaware or the limited liability company agreement of our sponsor upon dissolution of the sponsor, (g) in the event of the company s liquidation
 prior to the completion of a business combination, (h) to the company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, or (i) in the event of our completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange or
 other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent to our completion of the Business Combination; provided , however , that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer
 restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreements.

Registration Rights

The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of
 working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a
 registration rights agreement. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with
 respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of the Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

In February 2021, we issued an aggregate of 7,187,000 founder shares to our sponsor in exchange for a payment of 25,000 from our sponsor to cover for certain expenses on behalf of us, or
 approximately 0.003 per share. On August 20, 2021 and September 9, 2021, we effected two surrenders of founder shares, resulting in our initial shareholders holding, and there being outstanding, an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares. In May
 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors at the same price originally paid for such shares.

30 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 7,146,000 private placement warrants. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to
 adjustment. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the
 completion of the Business Combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor.

If any of our founders, officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he, she or it has then-current fiduciary or contractual
 obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he, she or it will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such
 opportunity.

We expect that customary management fees will be paid to an affiliate of our sponsor to manage the investments in the Trust Account.

Other than these fees, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective
 affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating
 and completing an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates.

In addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or
 certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required on a non-interest basis. If we complete the Business Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds held in the Trust Account
 released to us. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for
 such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement
 warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion
 of the Business Combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights
 to seek access to funds in our Trust Account.

After the Business Combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully
 disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
 of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider the Business Combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.

We have entered into a registration and shareholder rights agreement with respect to the founder shares and private placement warrants, which is described under the heading Item 12. Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Registration Rights. 

Softbank and the Sponsor Investors

Softbank and the sponsor investors purchased 100.0 million of units (or 10,000,000 units) and 7.7 million of units (or 770,000 units), respectively, in the IPO, which number of units in the
 aggregate equals approximately 37.5 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding after the closing of the IPO. Such number of units, together with Class B ordinary shares held by our initial
 shareholders, equals approximately 57.5 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. The underwriter is entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.35 per unit for every unit purchased by
 Softbank, the payment of which will be deferred and will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a business combination. The underwriter will not receive any
 underwritten discount for any unit purchased by the sponsor investors.

31 

Table of Contents 

Softbank and the sponsor investors have also entered into letter agreements with us pursuant to which they have agreed to (a) vote all of their public shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor
 of the Business Combination on terms substantially identical to those agreed to by the initial shareholders with respect to the initial shareholder s voting agreement and (b) not transfer, assign or sell any of their units and the underlying
 securities for a period of 60 days from October 7, 2021, this transfer restriction period elapsed on December 6, 2021. Softbank and the sponsor investors are entitled to cast approximately 37.5 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares and
 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding.

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions

The audit committee of our board of directors has adopted a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions required to be
 disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including
 the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the
 committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in
 some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction.

Management will present to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related
 party transactions only if our audit committee approves or ratifies the transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy does not permit any director or executive officer to participate in the discussion of, or
 decision concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is the related party.

Director Independence

We will be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE rules prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. As a controlled company, we will not be required to comply with the NYSE
 rules that require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person who has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or
 officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board of directors has determined that each of Dr. Levy, Mr. Stern, Mr. Relan and Dr. Tewary are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards and
 applicable SEC rules. Pursuant to NYSE s phase-in rules for newly listed companies, we have one year from the date on which we are first listed on NYSE for a majority of our board of directors to be independent. Our independent directors will
 have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, for services rendered in 2022 and 2021:

Type of Fee

Year 

 Ended

 December 

 31,

 2022

Year 

 Ended

 December 

 31,

 2021

Audit Fees

130,810 

93,010

Audit-Related Fees

Tax Fees

All Other Fees

32 

Table of Contents 

Pre-Approval Policy

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the
 formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit
 services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of
 the audit).

PART IV

Item 15. 

Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 

The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 

Financial Statements 

(2) 

Financial Statements Schedules 

All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and
 notes thereto in is Item 15 of Part IV below.

(3) 

Exhibits

We hereby file as part of this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Copies of such material can be obtained on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary.

Not applicable.

33 

Table of Contents 

LEARN CW INVESTMENT CORPORATION

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 688 

F-2

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3

Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) Through December 31,
 2021 

F-4

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) Through December 31, 2021 

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) Through December 31, 2021 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of

Learn CW Investment Corporation

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying -balance sheets of Learn CW Investment Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders 
 deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 , and the related notes
 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its
 operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 , in conformity with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the
 Company s ability to execute its business plan is dependent upon the consummation of a business combination and it lacks the financial resources it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year
 from the issuance date of the financial statements. Further, if the Company does not complete a business combination by May 13, 2023, or obtain approval for an extension of this deadline, it will be required to cease all operations except for
 the purpose of liquidating. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans with regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not
 include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
 the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
 accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
 financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.

As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
 the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
 respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
 estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021.

April 17, 2023

F-2 

Table of Contents 

LEARN CW INVESTMENT CORPORATION

BALANCE SHEETS

December 31, 2022 

December 31,

 2021 

ASSETS

Current

Cash

Prepaid expenses - current

Total current assets

Assets Held in Trust

Prepaid expenses non-current

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

Current Liabilities

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Total current liabilities

Deferred Underwriter s Fee Payable

Convertible Promissory Note Related Party 

Warrant Liability

Total liabilities

COMMITMENTS CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 6) 

Class A ordinary shares; shares at redemption value 

Shareholders Deficit

Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 outstanding

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 outstanding (excluding subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid in capital

Accumulated Deficit

Total Shareholders Deficit

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements.

F-3 

Table of Contents 

LEARN CW INVESTMENT CORPORATION

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

For the

 period from February 2,

 2021

 (inception) 
 through

 December 31, 2021 

Formation costs and other operating expenses

Loss from operations

Other Income (Expense):

Interest income

Transaction costs allocable to warrant liability

Loss on Issuance of Private Placement Warrants

Change in fair value of warrant liability

Net income

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares

See accompanying notes to the financial statements . 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

LEARN CW INVESTMENT CORPORATION

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

Class B Ordinary Shares

Shares

Amount

Additional

 Paid in

 Capital

Accumulated

 Deficit

Total 

 Shareholders 

 Deficit

Balance January 1, 2022

Accretion of Class A shares subject to possible redemption

-

-

Net income

-

Balance December 31, 2022

FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 2, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021

Class B

 Ordinary shares

Shares

Amount

Additional

 Paid in

 Capital

Accumulated

 Deficit

Total

 Shareholders 

 Deficit

Balance - February 2, 2021
 (Inception)

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Net income

Balance December 31, 2021

See accompanying notes to the financial statements.

F-5 

Table of Contents 

LEARN CW INVESTMENT CORPORATION

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

For the

 period from February 2,

 2021

 (inception) 
 through

 December 31, 2021 

Cash flow from operating activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Loss on issuance of private warrants

Transaction costs associated with issuance of warrants

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash flow from investing activities:

Investment of cash in Trust Account

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from sale of Initial Public Offering Units, net of underwriting fees

Proceeds from sale of private placement warrants

Proceeds from promissory note - related party

Proceeds from convertible promissory note related party 

Repayment of promissory note - related party

Payment of offering costs

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash

Cash at the beginning of the period

Cash at the end of the period

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities:

Deferred offering costs included in accrued expenses

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of Class B ordinary shares

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Deferred underwriting fee payable

Initial measurement of warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering accounted for as liabilities

See accompanying notes to the financial statements.

F-6 

Table of Contents 

LEARN CW INVESTMENT CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging
 growth companies.

units (the Units ), which included units issued pursuant to the exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value per
 share (the Class A Ordinary Shares ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company (the Public Warrants ), each whole Public
 Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per share. The Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of .

private placement warrants (the Private Placement Warrants to the Company s sponsor, CWAM LC Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), at a purchase
 price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of .

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public
 Offering and the Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account Trust Account which may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
 Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as
 determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below.

, consisting of of underwriting fee, of deferred underwriting fee and 
 of other offering costs, with included in accumulated deficit as an allocation for the Public Warrants and the Private Placement
 Warrants.

or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time
 of the signing of a definitive agreement to enter a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as
 an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. Upon the closing of the Proposed
 Offering, management has agreed that per Unit sold in the Proposed Offering, including the proceeds from the sale of the Private
 Placement Warrants, will be held in a trust account (the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any
 open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or
 (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below.

F-7 

Table of Contents 

either immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.

(so that it does not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be
 contained in the agreement relating to the Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company receives an ordinary resolution under
 Cayman Islands law approving a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company, or such other vote as required by law or stock exchange rule. If a
 shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the
 redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to
 completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the
 Proposed Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed
 Business Combination.

of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent.

of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete
 a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders
 with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the Trust account and
 not previously released to pay taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares.

F-8 

Table of Contents 

months (or up to months if the period of time to consummate a Business Combination is extended) from the closing of the Proposed
 Public Offering to consummate a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). However, if the Company has not completed a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
 winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem of the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
 interest earned and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution
 expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if
 any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining Public Shareholders and its Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s
 obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire
 worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period.

).

per public
 share and (2) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 
 per public share, due to reductions in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to
 seek access to the Trust Account and as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the Proposed Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the
 possibility that the sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target
 businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.

F-9 

Table of Contents 

cash held in the Trust Account and held outside of the Trust Account. Prior to
 the completion of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity needs has been satisfied through a payment of certain offering costs of 
 from the Sponsor (see Note 5) for the Founder Shares, and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of (see
 Note 5). During 2021 and prior to the Initial Public Offering, the Company drew on the
 Note, which it paid in October 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement, the Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied from the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement
 not held in the Trust Account. The Company s Sponsor has undertaken to fund working capital deficiencies of the Company and finance transaction costs in connection with an initial Business Combination of the Company by means of Company working
 capital loans, as defined below (see Note 5). On May 5, 2022, the Company drew down and received cash proceeds of from the
 Sponsor under the Working Capital Loan arrangement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has sustained negative cash flows from operations and expects to continue to incur negative cash flows from operations for at least the
 next twelve months from the filing of this report .

, from April 13, 2023 to May 13, 2023. In connection with such extension, an
 aggregate of was deposited in the Trust Account. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate the proposed Business
 Combination by this time. If a business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a business
 combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the issuance of this filing. No adjustments have been made to the
 carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after May 13, 2023. The Company intends to complete the proposed Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. However, there can be no assurance
 that the Company will be able to consummate any business combination by May 13, 2023. 

F-10 

Table of Contents 

and ,
 respectively, and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result
 in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

F-11 

Table of Contents 

Less:

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs

Plus:

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021

Plus:

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

(consisting of of underwriting fee, of deferred underwriting fee and 
 of other offering costs) were recognized with included in the statements of operations as an allocation for the Public
 Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants. offering costs were incurred for the year ended December 31, 2022.

F-12 

Table of Contents 

Denominator:

Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share

F-13 

Table of Contents 

Units, including Units as a result of the underwriters 
 exercise of their over-allotment option in full, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of the Company s Class A ordinary share, and one-half 
 of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 8).

Private Placement Units at a price of per unit
 for an aggregate purchase price of . Each Private Placement Warrant is identical to the warrants offered in the Initial
 Public Offering, except there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to Private Placement Warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not consummate a Business Combination within the
 Combination Period.

of outstanding advances from the Sponsor towards the issuance of shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares. On August 20, 2021 and September 9, 2021, the Sponsor effected a surrender of Class B ordinary shares and Class B ordinary
 shares, respectively, to the Company for consideration, resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B ordinary shares
 outstanding from to .
 All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share surrender. The initial shareholders agreed to forfeit up to Founder Shares to the extent the over-allotment was not exercised in full by the underwriter. In May 2021, our sponsor transferred founder shares to each of our independent directors at the same price originally paid for such shares. On October 13, 2021, the underwriter
 exercised the full over-allotment option . 

F-14 

Table of Contents 

after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange
 or similar transaction that results in the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of the Company s Class A ordinary
 shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the
 like) for any trading days within any -trading

day period commencing at least days after the Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up.

to cover expenses related to the Proposed Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). On March 25, 2021, the Company borrowed on the Note to cover expenses related to the Proposed Offering. On September 7, 2021, the sponsor and the company agreed to amend and restate the Note (the Amended
 and Restated Note to extend the maturity date. The Amended and Restated Note is non-interest bearing and is payable on the earlier of October 31, 2021 or the completion of the Proposed Offering. The Note was paid in full on October 26, 2021.

of notes may be converted upon
 consummation of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of per warrant. The warrants will be identical to the Private
 Placement Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to
 repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has t drawn on this loan.

which the Company drew down in full on May 5, 2022. This note is non-interest bearing and is due on the earlier of the day by which the Company must complete a
 Business Combination, and the effective date of a Business Combination. The outstanding balance under this loan amounted to 
 as of December 31, 2022. Management determined that there was an embedded conversion feature related to the note that would require bifurcation and be classified as a liability. However, based on a third-party valuation, the amount was
 determined to be de minimis. 

demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
 registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The
 Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

F-15 

Table of Contents 

per Unit, or in the aggregate, and a discretionary deferred fee of . The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject
 to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

directly owned subsidiary of SoftBank Group Corp., and certain members of our sponsor, in the aggregate, have purchased 
 million of units (or units) and million of units (or units), respectively, in this offering,
 and we agreed to direct the underwriter to sell Softbank and the sponsor investors such number of units, which number of units in the aggregate equals approximately of the total number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Such number of units, together with Class B ordinary shares held by our initial
 shareholders, equals approximately of the total number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares issued and
 outstanding. The underwriter is entitled to an underwriting discount of per unit for every unit purchased by Softbank, the
 payment of which has been deferred and will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination. The underwriter did not receive any underwritten
 discount for any unit purchased by the sponsor investors. Softbank and the sponsor investors entered into a letter agreement with us pursuant to which they would agree (a) to vote all of their public shares
 purchased during or after this offering in favor of the Business Combination on terms substantially identical to those agreed to by the initial shareholders with respect to the initial Shareholders 
 voting arrangement and (b) not transfer, assign or sell any of their units and the underlying securities for a period of days
 from the date of the Offering. 

warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that, because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant
 must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company has classified each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such remeasurement, the warrant liability
 will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statements of operations. The warrants are also subject to re-evaluation of the proper classification and accounting treatment at each reporting period.
 If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the warrants will be reclassified as of the date of the event that causes the reclassification.

F-16 

Table of Contents 

business days, after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement registering the issuance, under the Securities
 Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to
 cause such registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement
 covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the th business day after the
 closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on
 a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption.

. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants:

per Public Warrant;

days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading
 days within a -trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the
 warrant holders.

. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants:

per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares
 determined by reference to an agreed table based on the redemption date and the fair market value of Class A ordinary shares;

per
 public share (as adjusted) for any trading days within the -trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and

trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant
 holders is less than per share (as adjusted), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for
 redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above.

F-17 

Table of Contents 

per Class
 A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder
 Shares held by the sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of such initial Business
 Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s ordinary shares during the 
 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the 
 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the
 Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and will
 be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement
 Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.

whole public warrants and private placement
 warrants outstanding with a fair value of and , respectively. At December 31, 2021, there were 
 whole public warrants and private placement warrants outstanding with a fair value of and , respectively.

warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the private placement warrants in accordance with the
 guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a derivative liability. The warrant agreement contains an Alternative
 Issuance provision that if less than of the consideration receivable by the holders of the Class A ordinary share in the Business
 Combination is payable in the form of ordinary equity in the successor entity, and if the holders of the warrants properly exercises the warrants within following the public disclosure of the consummation of Business Combination by the Company, the warrant price shall be reduced by an amount equal to the difference (but in no event less than zero) of (i) the warrant price
 in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined below) minus (B) the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined below). The Black-Scholes Warrant Value means the value of a Warrant immediately prior to the
 consummation of the Business Combination based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Model for a Capped American Call on Bloomberg Financial Markets. Per Share Consideration means (i) if the consideration paid to holders of the ordinary share consists
 exclusively of cash, the amount of such cash per ordinary share, and (ii) in all other cases, the volume weighted average price of the ordinary share as reported during the ten -trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the effective date of the Business Combination.

F-18 

Table of Contents 

shares of Class A ordinary
 shares with a par value per share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares outstanding which were subject to possible redemption and are classified outside of permanent equity in the balance sheets.

shares of par value preference shares. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A, par value ordinary share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary share are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A ordinary share issued or outstanding, (excluding Class A shares subject to possible redemption). 

Class B ordinary shares, par value. Holders of the Company s ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like. In the case that additional Class
 A ordinary shares, or equity linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the Proposed Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares shall convert
 into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary
 shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as converted basis, of the sum
 of the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the Proposed Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (excluding any
 shares or equity linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination, and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to the sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). Holders of
 Founder Shares may also elect to convert their Class B ordinary shares into an equal number of Class A ordinary shares, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time.

F-19 

Table of Contents 

Liabilities:

Warrant Liabilities:

Public Warrants

Private Placement Warrants

Total Warrant Liabilities

Liabilities:

Warrant Liabilities:

Public Warrants

Private Placement Warrants

Total Warrant Liabilities

share of Class A ordinary share and one-fifth of one
 Public Warrant), and (ii) the sale of Private Placement Units, first to the Warrants based on their fair values as determined at initial measurement, with the remaining proceeds allocated to shares of Class A ordinary share subject to possible
 redemption based on their relative fair values at the initial measurement date. The Private Placement Warrants were classified as Level 3 at the initial measurement date due to the use of unobservable inputs. For periods subsequent to the
 detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, which occurred on November 29, 2021, the Public Warrants were valued using the instrument s publicly listed trading price on the NYSE as of the balance sheet date, which is considered to be a
 Level 1 measurement due to the use of an observable market quote in an active market.

F-20 

Table of Contents 

Exercise Price

Risk-free rate of interest

Volatility

Term

Probability Weighted Fair Value of Warrants

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 
 (1) 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

, are not in compliance with Section 802.01B of the NYSE Listed Company Manual (the Listing Rule ). The Listing Rule requires us to maintain a minimum of public stockholders on a continuous basis. The NYSE notification letter specified that we had days to submit a plan that demonstrates how the we expect to return to compliance with the Listing Rule within months of receipt of the notice. Following receipt of the notification letter, we submitted such a plan to the Listing Operation Committee of the NYSE and such compliance plan was
 subsequently accepted. As a result, the Company remains subject to quarterly monitoring by the NYSE for compliance with the plan.

, from April 13, 2023 to May 13, 2023. In connection
 with such extension, an aggregate of was deposited in the Trust Account. 

F-21 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit

Description

1.1 

Underwriting Agreement, dated October 7, 2021, between the Company and Evercore Group L.L.C., as underwriter (4) 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, dated October 7, 2021 (4) 

4.1 

Specimen Unit Certificate (3) 

4.2 

Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (2) 

4.3 

Specimen Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.4) (4) 

4.4 

Warrant Agreement, dated October 12, 2021, between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as transfer agent (4) 

4.5 

Description of Securities

10.1 

Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated as of September 7, 2021, issued to the Company (3) 

10.2 

Letter Agreement, dated October 7, 2021, among the Company and its officers, directors, director nominees and the Sponsor (4) 

10.3 

Letter Agreement, dated October 7, 2021, between the Company and Softbank (4) 

10.4 

Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 12, 2021, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. (4) 

10.5 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 12, 2021, between the Company, the Sponsor and certain other security holders of the Company (4) 

10.6 

Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2021, between the Registrant and the Sponsor (1) 

10.7 

Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated October 12, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. (4) 

10.8 

Form of Indemnity Agreement (4) 

14.1 

Form of Code of Ethics (2) 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

99.1 

Form of Audit Committee Charter (2) 

Filed herewith

(1) 

Filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 29, 2021 (File No. 333-254820).

(2) 

Filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 14, 2021 (File No. 333-254820).

(3) 

Filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on September 17, 2021 (File No. 333-254820).

(4) 

Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 14, 2021 (File No. 001-40885).

F-22 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

April 17, 2023 

Learn CW Investment Corporation

By:

/s/ Robert Hutter

Name: Robert Hutter

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Signature

Title

Date

Chief Executive Officer and

/s/ Robert Hutter

Director (Principal Executive,

 Financial and Accounting Officer)

April 17 , 2023

Robert Hutter

/s/ Adam Fisher

President

April 17 , 2023

Adam Fisher

/s/ Alan Howard

Director

April 17 , 2023

Alan Howard

/s/ Ellen Levy

Director

April 17 , 2023

Ellen Levy

/s/ Peter Relan

Director

April 17 , 2023

Peter Relan

/s/ Daniel H. Stern

Director

April 17 , 2023

Daniel H. Stern

/s/ Anuranjita Tewary

Director

April 17 , 2023

Anuranjita Tewary

<EX-4.5>
 2
 brhc10050198_ex4-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.5

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

As of April 17 , 2023 , Learn CW
 Investment Corporation we, our, us or the Company had the following three classes of its securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001
 par value per share Class A ordinary shares ), (ii) redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, and (iii) units, consisting of one Class A
 ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share.

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company (company number 371160) and our affairs are governed by our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, the Companies Act
 and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, we are authorized to issue 220,000,000 ordinary shares, including 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares 0.0001 par value, and
 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, as well as 1,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our Amended and Restated
 Memorandum and Articles of Association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you.

Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, references in this report to: (i) Class B ordinary shares are to the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; (ii)
 founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our IPO (as defined herein), and our Class A shares issued upon the conversion thereof; (iii) private placement warrants are to
 our warrants purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our IPO; (iv) public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock included in the units sold in our IPO (whether they were purchased in our IPO or thereafter in the open
 market); (v) public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that the status of our sponsor
 and each member of our management team as a public shareholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; (vi) public warrants are to our warrants included in the units sold in our IPO (whether
 they were purchased in our IPO or thereafter in the open market) and to the private placement warrants if held by third parties other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees; (vii) sponsor are to CWAM LC Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited
 liability company; and (viii) warrants are to the public warrants and the private placement warrants.

Terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

Units

Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles its holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of
 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described herein. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be
 exercised at any given time by a warrant holder.

The Class A ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on November 29, 2021. Commencing on that date, holders have the option to continue to hold units
 or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon
 separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade.

Ordinary Shares

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary
 shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
 Association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote
 at a general meeting of the company, is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of
 our ordinary shares that are voted, and pursuant to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, such actions include amending our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and approving a statutory merger or
 consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with
 respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. However, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right
 to appoint directors in any election held prior to or in connection with the completion of the Business Combination, meaning that holders of Class A ordinary shares will not have the right to appoint any directors until after the completion of the
 Business Combination. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The provisions of our Amended and Restated
 Memorandum and Articles of Association relating to the rights of holders of Class B ordinary shares to appoint or remove directors prior to the Business Combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 of
 our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor.

2 

Because our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business
 combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the
 extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with the Business Combination.

Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our
 first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on
 the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of the Business
 Combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial
 business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the Business Combination at a per-share price,
 payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, calculated as of two (2) business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest (net of taxes paid or payable), divided by the
 number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.10 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who
 properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. Our initial shareholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption
 rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the Business Combination. The other members of our management team have entered into agreements similar to the one entered into by our sponsor with
 respect to any public shares acquired by them in or after this offering.

Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related
 redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide
 to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents
 with the SEC prior to completing the Business Combination. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial
 business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain
 shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek
 shareholder approval, we will complete the Business Combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of
 the company. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of the Business Combination even if a majority of our public
 shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes and abstentions will have no effect on the approval of the Business Combination
 once a quorum is obtained. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association require that at least five (5) days notice will be given of any general meeting.

3 

If we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that a public shareholder, other than Softbank, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group 
 (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent.

However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against the Business Combination. Our shareholders 
 inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete the Business Combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market.
 Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the Business Combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and,
 in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

If we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination, we will complete the Business Combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which
 requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, Softbank, the sponsor investors and our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any
 public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (the IPO in favor of the Business Combination. As a result, assuming Softbank and the sponsor investors continue to own the shares they have indicated an interest in purchasing,
 we would not need any additional shares to be voted in favor of a transaction, in order to have such initial business combination approved. The other members of our management team have entered into agreements similar to the one entered into by our
 sponsor with respect to any public shares acquired by them in or after this offering. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at
 all.

4 

Pursuant to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, if we do not complete the Business Combination by April 13, 2023 (or October 13, 2023 if the period of
 time to consummate a business combination is extended), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a
 per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes paid or payable), divided by the number of then
 issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
 following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all
 cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. Our initial shareholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
 their founder shares if we fail to complete the Business Combination within 18 months (or up to 24 months if the period of time to consummate a business combination is extended) from the closing of this offering. However, if our initial
 shareholders or management team acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete the Business Combination within the
 prescribed time period. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to
 the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. On April 13, 2023, we extended the period of time to consummate the Business
 Combination by one month, from April 13, 2023 to May 13, 2023. In connection with such extension, an aggregate of 115,000 was deposited in the Trust Account.

In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for
 distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund
 provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
 including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes paid or payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, upon the completion of the Business Combination, subject to the
 limitations described herein.

5 

Founder Shares

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in our IPO, and
 holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) prior to the Business Combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, including in
 connection with the completion of the Business Combination and holders of a majority of our Class B ordinary shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (ii) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions
 contained in a letter agreement that our initial shareholders, directors and officers have entered into with us; (iii) pursuant to such letter agreement, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed to (A) waive their redemption
 rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares held by them, as applicable, in connection with the completion of the Business Combination, (B) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares held
 by them, as applicable, in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (1) that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption
 of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination by April 13, 2023 (or October 13, 2023 if the period of time to consummate a
 business combination is extended) or (2) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
 to their founder shares if we fail to complete the Business Combination by April 13, 2023 (or October 13, 2023 if the period of time to consummate a business combination is extended) (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from
 the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete the Business Combination within the prescribed time frame); (iv) the founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or
 immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder thereof, as described below; and (v) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we submit the Business Combination to our
 public shareholders for a vote, Softbank, the sponsor investors, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of the Business
 Combination. The other members of our management team have entered into agreements similar to the one entered into by our sponsor with respect to any public shares acquired by them in or after our IPO. On April 13, 2023, we extended the period of
 time to consummate the Business Combination by one month, from April 13, 2023 to May 13, 2023. In connection with such extension, an aggregate of 115,000 was deposited in the Trust Account.

The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination, or earlier at the
 option of the holder thereof, on a one-for-one basis. However, if additional Class A ordinary shares or any other equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in this offering and related to the closing of
 the Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding
 upon completion of this offering plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection
 with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the
 initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor upon conversion of working capital loans, provided that such conversion of Class B ordinary shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. The term
 equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with the Business Combination, including, but not
 limited to, a private placement of equity or debt securities.

6 

Our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of the Business
 Combination; and (ii) subsequent to the Business Combination (x) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A
 ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property or (y) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
 other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Business Combination. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial
 shareholders with respect to any founder shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions as the lock-up. 

Prior to the Business Combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled
 to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These
 provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. With respect to any other matter
 submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with the Business Combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share
 entitling the holder to one vote.

Register of Members

Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein:

the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares;

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and

the date on which any person ceased to be a member.

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of
 fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon
 the closing of this public offering, the register of members will be immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members has been updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to
 have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal
 position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an
 application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court.

7 

Warrants

Public Shareholders Warrants

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time
 commencing on the later of one year from the closing of this offering and 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination, except as discussed in the immediately succeeding paragraph. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may
 exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of the Business Combination, at
 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a
 registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with
 respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class
 A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two
 immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net
 cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary
 share underlying such unit.

8 

We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later
 than twenty business days after the closing of the Business Combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares
 issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the registration statement to become effective within sixty (60) business days after the closing of the Business Combination, and to maintain the
 effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if our Class A ordinary shares are at
 the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants
 who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our
 commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is
 not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an
 effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under
 applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained
 by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Fair Market Value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the Fair Market Value and (B) 0.361.
 The Fair Market Value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the
 warrant agent.

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants):

in whole and not in part;

at a price of 0.01 per warrant;

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant
 as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any twenty (20) trading days within a thirty (30) trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of
 redemption to the warrant holders.

9 

We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
 exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption
 right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem warrants even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants.

We have established the 18.00 (as adjusted) redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the
 warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the
 price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants 
 Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued.

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00.

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants:

in whole and not in part;

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior
 to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the Fair Market Value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described below;

if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a
 warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to
 the warrant holders; and

10 

if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant
 holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution
 Adjustments ), then the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above.

Beginning on the date the notice of redemption is given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers
 in the table below represent the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the Fair Market Value of our
 Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on volume weighted average price of our
 Class A ordinary shares during the ten (10) trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration
 date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final Fair Market Value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends.

Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary shares
 have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in the Business Combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of
 the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following the Business Combination.

The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the
 exercise price of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the
 share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of
 shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant. If the exercise price of a
 warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied by a
 fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00 and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the
 second paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price
 adjustment.

11 

Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares

Redemption Date (period to 
 expiration of warrants)

10.00

11.00

12.00

13.00

14.00

15.00

16.00

17.00

18.00

60 months

0.261

0.281

0.297

0.311

0.324

0.337

0.348

0.358

0.361

57 months

0.257

0.277

0.294

0.310

0.324

0.337

0.348

0.358

0.361

54 months

0.252

0.272

0.291

0.307

0.322

0.335

0.347

0.357

0.361

51 months

0.246

0.268

0.287

0.304

0.320

0.333

0.346

0.357

0.361

48 months

0.241

0.263

0.283

0.301

0.317

0.332

0.344

0.356

0.361

45 months

0.235

0.258

0.279

0.298

0.315

0.330

0.343

0.356

0.361

42 months

0.228

0.252

0.274

0.294

0.312

0.328

0.342

0.355

0.361

39 months

0.221

0.246

0.269

0.290

0.309

0.325

0.340

0.354

0.361

36 months

0.213

0.239

0.263

0.285

0.305

0.323

0.339

0.353

0.361

33 months

0.205

0.232

0.257

0.280

0.301

0.320

0.337

0.352

0.361

30 months

0.196

0.224

0.250

0.274

0.297

0.316

0.335

0.351

0.361

27 months

0.185

0.214

0.242

0.268

0.291

0.313

0.332

0.350

0.361

24 months

0.173

0.204

0.233

0.260

0.285

0.308

0.329

0.348

0.361

21 months

0.161

0.193

0.223

0.252

0.279

0.304

0.326

0.347

0.361

18 months

0.146

0.179

0.211

0.242

0.271

0.298

0.322

0.345

0.361

15 months

0.130

0.164

0.197

0.230

0.262

0.291

0.317

0.342

0.361

12 months

0.111

0.146

0.181

0.216

0.250

0.282

0.312

0.339

0.361

9 months

0.090

0.125

0.162

0.199

0.237

0.272

0.305

0.336

0.361

6 months

0.065

0.099

0.137

0.178

0.219

0.259

0.296

0.331

0.361

3 months

0.034

0.065

0.104

0.150

0.197

0.243

0.286

0.326

0.361

0 months

0.042

0.115

0.179

0.233

0.281

0.323

0.361

The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption
 date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower
 fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately
 following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption
 feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our
 Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the
 warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this
 redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in
 connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any Class A ordinary shares.

12 

This redemption feature differs from the warrant redemption features used in some other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash
 (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A ordinary shares exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be
 redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above 10.00 per public share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption
 feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds
 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the
 date of our IPO. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would
 have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine
 it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders.

As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will
 provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants
 when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise
 their warrants for Class A ordinary shares if and when such Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50.

No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to
 the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for
 instance, if we are not the surviving company in the Business Combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the company (or
 surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants.

13 

Redemption Procedures

A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent
 that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A
 ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise.

Anti-Dilution Adjustments

If the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend paid in Class A ordinary shares to all or substantially all
 holders of Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
 on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A
 ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in
 such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid
 in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary
 shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A
 ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to
 receive such rights.

14 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially
 all of the holders of Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are then convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when
 combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution, does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted
 to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with
 respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business
 combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (i) that would affect the
 substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18
 months (or up to 24 months if the period of time to consummate a business combination is extended) from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination
 activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete the Business Combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the
 amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event.

If the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or
 other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion
 to such decrease in issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares.

Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by
 multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment
 and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter.

In addition, if (x) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the Business Combination at an
 issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its
 affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of
 the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Business Combination on the date of the completion of the Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A
 ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate the Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be
 adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share
 equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the
 price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market
 Value and the Newly Issued Price.

15 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of
 such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or
 reorganization of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with
 which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately
 theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization,
 merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were
 entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become
 exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to
 and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and
 Articles of Association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon
 completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such
 maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the
 issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant
 holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to
 adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A
 ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so
 listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced
 as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an
 extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants.

16 

The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake,
 including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as
 contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable
 and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely
 affects the interests of the registered holders and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, at least 50 of the
 then outstanding private placement warrants.

The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares.
 After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.

No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a
 fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder.

Exclusive Forum for Certain Lawsuits

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and
 enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action,
 proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum.

17 

Private Placement Warrants

Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering. The
 private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination (except
 pursuant to limited exceptions to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or
 its permitted transferees (except as otherwise set forth herein). Our sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other
 than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering.
 Any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the number of the then outstanding private
 placement warrants.

In connection with a redemption of our warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00, holders of private placement warrants who exercise their shares
 on a cashless basis would receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table set forth under Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants. If holders of private placement warrants elect to exercise them on
 a cashless basis at any time other than in connection with such a redemption of warrants by us, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
 (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Sponsor Fair Market Value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the Sponsor Fair Market Value. The Sponsor
 Fair Market Value shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The
 reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a
 business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except during
 specific periods. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public
 shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such
 securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate.

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or
 certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the
 option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants.

18 

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of the Business Combination. The payment of cash
 dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of the Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to the
 Business Combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with the Business Combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
 we may agree to in connection therewith.

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is American Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify American Stock Transfer
 Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in
 that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity.

American Stock Transfer Trust Company has agreed that it has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account,
 and has irrevocably waived any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account that it may have now or in the future. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied, or a claim
 will only be able to be pursued, solely against us and our assets outside the trust account and not against the any monies in the trust account or interest earned thereon.

Certain Differences in Corporate Law

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from
 laws applicable to U.S. corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United
 States and their shareholders.

19 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements . In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman
 Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction).

Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain
 prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of 90 in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b)
 such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of
 each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar
 of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. Where the merger or consolidation
 involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of
 the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign
 company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or
 resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its
 affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be
 suspended or restricted. Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of
 the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign
 company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived, (b) the transfer is
 permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company, and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the
 foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public
 interest to permit the merger or consolidation.

20 

Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting
 to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the
 merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within twenty (20) days following the date on which the merger or
 consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within twenty (20) days following receipt of such notice from the constituent
 company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven (7) days following the date of the expiration of the period
 set out in paragraph (b) above or seven (7) days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to
 each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within thirty (30) days following the date on which the offer was made, the company
 must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such thirty (30) day period, within twenty (20) days following the date on which such thirty (30) day period expires, the company (and any
 dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the
 fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the
 amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting
 shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date
 or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company.

Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will
 generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought
 pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a
 majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present
 and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting
 shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that:

21 

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with;

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question;

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to
 receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of U.S. corporations.

Squeeze-out Provisions . When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer is made within four
 months, the offer or may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed
 unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders.

Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a
 share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business.

Shareholders Suits . Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been
 brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based
 on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be
 of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which:

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority;

22 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed.

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities . The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides
 less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States.

We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us
 judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us
 predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory
 enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on
 the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman
 Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud
 or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman
 Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies . We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act
 distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The
 requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below:

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies;

23 

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection;

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting;

an exempted company may issue negotiable or bearer shares or shares with no par value;

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance);

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands;

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company.

Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional
 circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil).

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to this offering that will apply to us
 until the completion of the Business Combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution under Cayman Islands law where it has been
 approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which notice
 specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given, or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our Amended and
 Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written
 resolution of all of our shareholders.

24 

As of April 17 , 2023 , our sponsor beneficially owned 20 
 of our ordinary shares. will participate in any vote to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our Amended and Restated Memorandum and
 Articles of Association provide, among other things, that:

If we do not complete the Business Combination by May 13, 2023 (or October 13, 2023 if the period of time to consummate a business combination is extended) from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all
 operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
 then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes paid or payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption
 will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
 approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other
 requirements of applicable law;

Prior to the Business Combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any
 initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond May 13, 2023 (or October 13, 2023 if the
 period of time to consummate a business combination is extended) from the closing of this offering;

In the event we seek to complete the Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our founders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain
 an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such initial business combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view;

If a shareholder vote on the Business Combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will
 offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing the Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial
 and other information about the Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act;

25 

We must consummate an initial business combination with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (net of amounts
 disbursed to management for working capital purposes and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions held in trust) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with the Business Combination;

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (i) that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our
 public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination by May 13, 2023 (or October 13, 2023 if the period of time to consummate a
 business combination is extended) from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the
 opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes paid or payable)
 divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and

We will not effectuate the Business Combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.

In addition, our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our
 net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001.

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution which requires
 the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting or by way of unanimous written resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the
 approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of
 association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, we
 view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the
 opportunity to redeem their public shares.

26 

Anti-Money Laundering Cayman Islands

If any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering or
 is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector or other trade, profession, business or employment, the
 person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Law (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or
 money laundering or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Law (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or
 terrorist financing and property. Such a report will not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise.

Cayman Islands Data Protection

We have certain duties under the Data Protection Law (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the DPA based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy.

Privacy Notice

Introduction

This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the Company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal data
 within the meaning of the DPA personal data ).

In the following discussion, the Company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise.

Investor Data

We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal
 course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We
 will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the DPA, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal
 data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data.

27 

In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the DPA, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this
 personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors for the purposes of the DPA or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us.

We may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals
 connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence
 records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity.

Who This Affects

If you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited
 partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the Company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to
 such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content.

How the Company May Use a Shareholder s Personal Data

The Company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular:

(i) 
 
 where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements;

(ii) 
 
 where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or

(iii) 
 
 where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms.

Should we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you.

28 

Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data

In certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities such as
 the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities.

We anticipates disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the United States,
 the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf.

The Data Protection Measures We Take

Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPA.

We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or
 unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data.

We shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to whom the
 relevant personal data relates.

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that our board of directors is be classified into three classes of directors and also include provisions
 providing for advance notice procedures, inability of shareholders to call a general meeting and removal of directors only for cause and only by the board of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only
 by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings.

In addition, prior to the Business Combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, including in connection with the
 completion of the Business Combination and holders of a majority of our Class B ordinary shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
 relating to the rights of holders of Class B ordinary shares to appoint or remove directors prior to the Business Combination may only be amended by a special resolution which shall include the affirmative vote of a majority of our Class B ordinary
 shares.

29 

Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of
 corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and
 preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.

Registration Rights

The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
 the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into in connection with our IPO. The
 holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
 filed subsequent to our completion of the Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Listing of Securities

Our Units, Class A Ordinary Shares and Warrants are listed on the NYSE under the symbol LCW.U , LCW and LCW.WS , respectively.

30 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 brhc10050198_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

I, Robert Hutter, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Learn CW Investment Corporation;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
 its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313);

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
 the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the
 case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date:

April 17 , 2023

By:

/s/ Robert Hutter

Robert Hutter

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 brhc10050198_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Learn CW Investment Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I,
 Robert Hutter, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date:

April 17 , 2023

By:

/s/ Robert Hutter

Robert Hutter

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 lcw-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 lcw-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 lcw-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 lcw-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 lcw-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

