<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1358633_0001731122-23-000672.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2908685</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>249428</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>620482</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>696361</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>592739</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>684848</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-23-000672.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417170102
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-23-000672
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SENTIENT BRANDS HOLDINGS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001358633
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-COMPUTER & COMPUTER SOFTWARE STORES [5734]
		IRS NUMBER:				200956471
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34861
		FILM NUMBER:		23824609

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVE
		STREET 2:		21ST, FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-202-2897

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVE
		STREET 2:		21ST, FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Intelligent Buying, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060406

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-23-000672.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 e4598_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

U.S.
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
DC 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from__________________
to _______________________. 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

Issuer s telephone number: - 

Indicate by chec k
mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller
reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller Reporting Company

Emerging Growth Company

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered under Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act: 

Common Stock, par
value 0.001 per share 

 (Title of class) 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day
of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
was . 

As of April 11, 2023, there were 
shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. 

Documents incorporated by reference: None 

SENTIENT BRANDS HOLDINGS INC. 

 FORM 10-K
ANNUAL REPORT 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 21 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 21 
 
 PART II 
 
 22 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 26 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements 
 36 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 36 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 38 
 
 PART III 
 
 39 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 39 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 41 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 43 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 45 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 46 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 47 

Signatures 
 51 

PART I 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

CERTAIN STATEMENTS IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT
MAY CONSTITUTE FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS . WHEN THE WORDS BELIEVES , ANTICIPATES , INTENDS ,
 EXPECTS , PLANS , SEEKS , PROJECTS , ESTIMATES AND SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS
ARE USED, THEY IDENTIFY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE BASED ON MANAGEMENT S CURRENT BELIEFS
AND ASSUMPTIONS AND INFORMATION CURRENTLY AVAILABLE TO MANAGEMENT AND INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES AND OTHER
FACTORS WHICH MAY CAUSE THE ACTUAL RESULTS, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT FROM ANY FUTURE
RESULTS, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. INFORMATION CONCERNING FACTORS THAT
COULD CAUSE OUR ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS CAN BE FOUND IN OUR PERIODIC REPORTS
FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. WE UNDERTAKE NO OBLIGATION TO PUBLICLY RELEASE REVISIONS TO THESE FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS TO REFLECT FUTURE EVENTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES OR REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF UNANTICIPATED EVENTS. 

Unless otherwise indicated, references
to we , us , our , Company , Sentient Brands , and SNBH 
mean Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries, and references to fiscal mean the Company s fiscal
year ended December 31. References to the parent company mean Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General 

Unless the context otherwise requires, in this
report, the terms Sentient Brands , Company , SNBH , we , or our 
refers to Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., a Nevada corporation. The Company s principal office is located at 590 Madison Avenue,
21 st Floor, New York, New York 10022. The Company s telephone number is (646) 202-2897. The Company s website
is www.sentientbrands.com. The Company reports its operations using a fiscal year ending December 31, and the operations reported
on this Form 10-K are presented on a consolidated basis. 

The Company files Annual Reports on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, registration statements and other items with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ). In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the language this fiscal year or current
fiscal year refers to the 12-month period ended December 31, 2022. 

In addition, the public may read and copy any
materials the Company s files with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington,
D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.
The SEC maintains an internet site www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements regarding issuers,
like the Company, that file electronically with the SEC. 

Overview 

Sentient Brands is a next-level product development
and brand management company with a focus on building innovative brands in the Luxury and Premium Market space. The Company has
a Direct-to Consumer business model focusing on the integration of CBD, wellness and beauty for conscious consumers. The Company
incorporates an omnichannel approach in its marketing strategies to ensure that its products are accessible across both digital
and retail channels. The Company develops and nurtures Lifestyle Brands with carefully thought-out ingredients, packaging, fragrance
and design. Sentient Brands leadership team has extensive experience in building world-class brands such as Hugo Boss, Victoria s
Secret, Versace, and Bath Body Works. The Company is focused on two key market segments targeting: wellness and responsible
luxury, which the Company believes represent unique opportunities for its Oeuvre product line. The Company intends to leverage
its in-house innovation capabilities to launch new products that disrupt adjacent product categories. We plan to
grow by leveraging our deep connections within our existing network and attract consumers through increased brand awareness and
investing in unique social media marketing. The Company s goal is to create customer experiences that have sustainable resonance
with consumers and consistently implement strategies that result in long-term profit growth for our investors. 

1 

Principal Products and Services 

All of our proprietary formulations contain
clean, vegan, ethically and environmentally responsible ingredients. The Company currently has one main product line, and another
in development. The Company s current active product line is Oeuvre. 

Oeuvre 

Oeuvre - A Body of
Art is a next generation CBD luxury skin care line and lifestyle brand. The foundation of our system of
products is our proprietary OE Complex: Botanicals + Gemstones + Full flower Hemp infused formulation. Each product in the Oeuvre
Artistry Collection optimizes three functions: cellular energy, moisture balance, and nutrient utilization. Four products comprise
the Oeuvre collection: 

Purifying Exfoliator 

Replenishing Facial Oil 

Ultra-Nourishing Face Cream 

Revitalizing Eye Cream 

Drawing inspiration from petals, leaves, roots,
minerals and gemstones, Oeuvre celebrates the artistry of well-being and beauty, inside and out. Oeuvre products
are non-toxic, ungendered products made with zero GMO, retinyl palmitate, petroleum, mineral oil, parabens, sulfates, and synthetic
colors. 

Oeuvre Target Market 

Oeuvre is our luxury segment product
line. With Oeuvre , we are targeting a large and influential consumer class of individuals that are HENRYs 
 High-Earners-Not-Rich-Yet. They have discretionary income and are highly likely to be wealthy in the future. HENRYs earn
between 100,000 and 250,000 annually. They are digitally fluent, love online shopping online, and are big discretionary spenders.
Therefore, ouvreskincare.com offers inclusive, aspirationally affordable luxury products positioned for them. 

We believe the benefit of onboarding this demographic
to Oeuvre are twofold: securing valuable present customers and building relationships and business with those
most likely to be amongst the most affluent consumers in the future. By the year 2025, Millennials and Generation Z will represent
more than 40 of the overall luxury goods market, according to a 2019 report published by Boston Consulting Group. We seek to target
such consumer group for the sale of our Oeuvre products. 

On social media, we target the following audiences
for our Oeuvre brand: 

Women aged 30+ 

Luxury Skincare Enthusiasts 

CBD Enthusiasts 

Crystal Lovers 

Wellness Audience 

Makeup Artists 

Art 

Beauty 

Influencers 

Bloggers 

2 

Suppliers 

The Company has several third-party suppliers
and is not reliant on any particular supplier for its product offerings. Many of our products contain CBD derived from industrial
hemp or cannabis which we obtain from third parties. Hemp cultivation can be impacted by weather patterns and other natural events,
but we have not yet faced any supply issues to date with obtaining raw materials for our products. 

Distribution 

We have two primary methods through which we
sell our products: 

1. 
 Direct to Consumer online e-commerce platform 

2. 
 Wholesale partners 

Marketing Strategy 

We support our brand launches through social
media and marketing campaigns, including utilizing influencers. Marketing and public relations firms are engaged by the Company
to spearhead its launch of Oeuvre, and will likely be engaged for our future planned brand launches as well. 

Growth Strategies 

To grow our company, Sentient Brands intends
to: 

Create a leading consumer packaged goods company; 

Partner with established distributers and retailers; 

Focus on operational excellence and product quality; and 

Establish ongoing communication with the capital markets 

Our mission is to create the next generation
of CBD/THC consumer brands. The Company believes it has assembled a highly accomplished team of branding and marketing professionals
who have a combined experience and track record of successfully launching and operating major brands in the consumer market space,
which the Company believes will provide it with it a competitive edge in its industry. 

M A Strategy 

In Q3 2022, the
Company launched an M A strategy to identify high-margin, revenue generating businesses within above-average growth potential
industry sectors as potential acquisition targets. 

Customers 

The Company launched its Oeuvre product
line in the fourth quarter of 2021. The Company s sales channels are direct to consumer and wholesale. 

Intellectual Property 

The Company s Oeuvre brand is
trademarked in the United States, with a European trademark application pending. The Company expects to rely on trade secrets
and proprietary know-how protection for our confidential and proprietary information, however we have not yet taken security
measures to protect this information. 

3 

Competition 

We have experienced, and expect to continue
to experience, intense competition from a number of companies. 

The current market for hemp-derived CBD products
is highly competitive, consisting of publicly-trade and privately-owned companies, many of which are more adequately capitalized
than the Company. The Company s current publicly listed competitors include Charlotte s Web, CV Sciences, Elixinol,
Abacus, and Green Growth Brands, and private companies such as BeBoe, St. Jane. Mary s, Lord Jones, Bluebird Folium Biosciences,
Global Cannabinoids, and Pure Kana. In addition, public and private U.S. and Canadian companies have entered the hemp-derived CBD
consumer market or have announced plans to do so. This market is highly fragmented, and according to the Hemp Business Journal,
the vast majority of industry participants generate less than 2 million in annual revenue. We see this an opportunity to create
a foothold in the CBD consumer marketplace with the goal of building Sentient Brands as a major brand name in this space. 

Industry Overview 

The market for products based on extracts of
hemp and cannabis, is expected to grow substantially over the coming years. Arcview Market Research and BDS Analytics are forecasting
the combined market to reach nearly 45 billion within the U.S. in the year 2024. While much of this market is expected to be comprised
of high potency THC-based products that will be sold in licensed dispensaries, certain research firms are still predicting the
market to grow to 5.3 billion, 12.6 billion, and 2.2 billion by 2024 in the product areas of low THC cannabinoids, THC-free
Cannabinoids and pharmaceutical cannabinoids, respectively. 

On December 20, 2018, President Donald J. Trump
signed into law the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, otherwise known as the Farm Bill. Prior to its passage,
hemp, a member of the cannabis family, and hemp-derived CBD were classified as a Schedule I controlled substances, and illegal
under the Controlled Substances Act CSA ). Under Section 10113 of the Farm Bill, hemp cannot contain more than 0.3
percent THC. THC refers to the chemical compound found in cannabis that produces the psychoactive high associated
with cannabis. Any cannabis plant that contains more than 0.3 percent THC would be considered non-hemp cannabis or marijuana under
federal law and thus would face no legal protection under this new legislation and would be an illegal Schedule 1 drug under the
CSA. 

With the passage of the Farm Bill, hemp cultivation
is broadly permitted. The Farm Bill explicitly allows the transfer of hemp-derived products across state lines for commercial or
other purposes. It also puts no restrictions on the sale, transport, or possession of hemp-derived products, so long as those items
are produced in a manner consistent with the law. 

Recent Developments 

Covid-19 

A novel strain of coronavirus Covid-19 emerged globally in December 2019 and was declared a pandemic. The extent to which Covid-19 will impact our customers, business,
results and financial condition will depend on current and future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted
at this time. While the Company s day-to-day operations beginning March 2020 through the 2022 fiscal year were impacted,
we suffered less immediate impact as most of our staff works remotely and continues to develop our product offerings. 

On April 18, 2020, the Company, through its
subsidiary Jaguaring Company, entered into a Paycheck Protection Program Promissory Note and Agreement with KeyBank National Association,
pursuant to which the Company received loan proceeds of 231,500 (the PPP Loan ). The PPP Loan was made under, and
was subject to the terms and conditions of, the PPP which was established under the CARES Act and is administered by the U.S. Small
Business Administration. The term of the PPP Loan was two years with a maturity date of April 18, 2022 and contained a favorable
fixed annual interest rate of 1.00 . Payments of principal and interest on the PPP Loan were deferred for the first six months
of the term of the PPP Loan until November 18, 2020. Principal and interest are payable monthly and may be prepaid by the Company
at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. Under the terms of the CARES Act, recipients can apply for and receive
forgiveness for all or a portion of loans granted under the PPP. Such forgiveness will be determined, subject to limitations, based
on the use of loan proceeds for certain permissible purposes as set forth in the PPP, including, but not limited to, payroll costs
(as defined under the PPP) and mortgage interest, rent or utility costs (collectively, Qualifying Expenses ), and
on the maintenance of employee and compensation levels during the eight-week period following the funding of the PPP Loan. The
Company used the proceeds of the PPP Loan, for Qualifying Expenses. On December 8, 2021, the Company received notification from
Key Bank that our forgiveness application was approved in full by the Small Business Administration, or SBA. 

4 

Government Regulation 

The United States Food Drug Administration FDA is generally responsible for protecting the public health by ensuring the safety, efficacy, and security of
(1) prescription and over the counter drugs; (2) biologics including vaccines, blood and blood products, and cellular and gene
therapies; (3) foodstuffs including dietary supplements, bottled water, and baby formula; and (4) medical devices including heart
pacemakers, surgical implants, prosthetics, and dental devices. 

Regarding its regulation of drugs, the FDA
process requires a review that begins with the filing of an investigational new drug (IND) application, with follow on clinical
studies and clinical trials that the FDA uses to determine whether a drug is safe and effective, and therefore subject to approval
for human use by the FDA. 

Aside from the FDA s mandate to regulate
drugs, the FDA also regulates dietary supplement products and dietary ingredients under the Dietary Supplement Health and Education
Act of 1994. This law prohibits manufacturers and distributors of dietary supplements and dietary ingredients from marketing products
that are adulterated or misbranded. This means that these firms are responsible for evaluating the safety and labeling of their
products before marketing to ensure that they meet all the requirements of the law and FDA regulations, including, but not limited
to the following labeling requirements: (1) identifying the supplement; (2) nutrition labeling; (3) ingredient labeling; (4) claims;
and (5) daily use information. 

The FDA has not approved cannabis, marijuana,
hemp or derivatives as a safe and effective drug for any indication. As of the date of this filing, we have not, and do not intend
to file an Investigational New Drug Application (IND) with the FDA, concerning any of our products that contain CBD derived from
industrial hemp or cannabis. Further, our products containing CBD derived from industrial hemp are not marketed or sold using claims
that their use is safe and effective treatment for any medical condition subject to the FDA s jurisdiction. 

Government Approvals 

The Company does not currently require any
government approvals for its operations or product offerings. In August 2019, the DEA affirmed that CBD preparations at or below
the 0.3 percent delta-9 THC threshold, is not a controlled substance, and a DEA registration is not required. As a result of the
2018 Farm Bill, the FDA has been tasked with developing CBD regulations. The FDA has not yet published regulations. 

Research and Development 

We are continuously in the process of identifying
and/or developing potential new products to offer to our customers. Our expenditures on research and development have historically
been small and immaterial compared to our other business expenditures. We are currently developing new formulations for additional
product lines. 

Employees 

We believe that our success depends upon our
ability to attract, develop and retain key personnel. We currently employ two full-time employees. The Company otherwise currently
relies on the services of independent contractors. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and management
considers relations with our employees to be in good standing. Although we continually seek to add additional talent to our work
force, management believes that it currently has sufficient human capital to operate its business successfully. 

Our compensation programs are designed to align
the compensation of our employees with our performance and to provide the proper incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees
to achieve superior results. The structure of our compensation programs balances incentive earnings for both short-term and long-term
performance. 

The health and safety of our employees is our
highest priority, and this is consistent with our operating philosophy. Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, employees, including
our specialized technical staff, are working from home or in a virtual environment unless they have a requirement to be in the
office for short-term tasks and projects. 

The primary mailing address for the Company
is 590 Madison Avenue, 21 st Floor, New York, New York 10022. The Company s telephone number is (646) 202-2897.
The Company s website is www.sentientbrands.com. 

5 

Reports to Security Holders 

We intend to furnish our shareholders annual
reports containing financial statements audited by our independent registered public accounting firm and to make available quarterly
reports containing unaudited financial statements for each of the first three quarters of each year. We file Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form 8-K with the SEC in order to meet our timely and continuous
disclosure requirements. We may also file additional documents with the SEC if they become necessary in the course of our company s
operations. 

The public may read and copy any materials
that we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may
obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet
site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov. 

Company History 

The Company was incorporated under the laws
of the State of California on March 22, 2004, until changing its state of incorporation from California to Nevada in 2021, as further
described below. 

On December 9, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation (the Certificate with the State of California to (i) effect a forward
stock split of its outstanding shares of common stock at a ratio of 7 for 1 (7:1) (the Forward Stock Split ), (ii)
increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 50,000,000 shares to 500,000,000 shares, and (iii) effectuate a name
change (the Name Change ). Fractional shares that resulted from the Forward Stock Split will be rounded up to the
next highest number. As a result of the Name Change, the Company s name changed from Intelligent Buying, Inc. 
to Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. . The Certificate was approved by the majority of the Company s shareholders
and by the Board of Directors of the Company. The effective date of the Forward Stock Split and the Name Change was March 2, 2021. 

In connection with the above, the Company filed
an Issuer Company-Related Action Notification Form with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. The Forward Stock Split and
the Name Change was implemented by FINRA on March 2, 2021. Our symbol on OTC Markets was INTBD for 20 business days from March
2, 2021 (the Notification Period ). Our new CUSIP number is 81728V 102. As a result of the name change, our symbol
was changed to SNBH following the Notification Period. All share and per share information has been retroactively
adjusted to reflect this forward stock split. 

In addition, on January 29, 2021, the Company,
merged with and into its wholly owned subsidiary, Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., a Nevada corporation, pursuant to an Agreement
and Plan of Merger between Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., a California corporation, and Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., a Nevada
corporation. Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., a Nevada corporation, continued as the surviving entity of the migratory merger. Pursuant
to the migratory merger, the Company changed its state of incorporation from California to Nevada and each share of its common
stock converted into one share of common stock of the surviving entity in the migratory merger. No dissenters rights were
exercised by any of the Company s stockholders in connection with the migratory merger. 

Following the consummation of the migratory
merger, the articles of incorporation and bylaws of the Nevada corporation that was newly-created as a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company became the articles of incorporation and bylaws for the surviving entity in the migratory merger. 

The foregoing information
is a summary of each of the matters described above, is not complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the exhibits, each of which is attached an exhibit to this Form 10-K Annual Report. Readers should review those exhibits
for a complete understanding of the terms and conditions associated with this matter. 

6 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

You should carefully consider the following
material risk factors as well as all other information set forth or referred to in this report before purchasing shares of our
common stock. Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. The Company believes all material risk factors have
been presented below. If any of the following events or outcomes actually occurs, our business operating results and financial
condition would likely suffer. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of
the money you paid to purchase our common stock. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

We are an early-stage company with very
limited operating history. Such limited operating history may not provide an adequate basis to judge our future prospects and results
of operations. 

We have a limited operating history. We have
limited experience and operating history in which to assess our future prospects as a company, and this limited experience is compounded
by our recent shift in business towards product development and sales. In addition, the market for our products is highly competitive.
If we fail to successfully develop and offer our products and services in an increasingly competitive market, we may not be able
to capture the growth opportunities associated with them or recover our development and marketing costs, and our future results
of operations and growth strategies could be adversely affected. Our limited history may not provide a meaningful basis for investors
to evaluate our business, financial performance, and prospects. 

We may fail to successfully execute our
business plan. 

Our shareholders may lose their entire investment
if we fail to execute our business plan. Our prospects must be considered in light of the following risks and uncertainties, including
but not limited to, competition, the erosion of ongoing revenue streams, the ability to retain experienced personnel and general
economic conditions. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in executing our business plan. If we fail to successfully
execute our business plan, we may be forced to cease operations, in which case our shareholders may lose their entire investment. 

We have a history of losses and may have
to further reduce our costs by curtailing future operations to continue as a business. 

Historically we have had operating losses and
our cash flow has been inadequate to support our ongoing operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of
 734,737, and as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 3,055,646. Our ability to fund our capital requirements
out of our available cash and cash generated from our operations depends on a number of factors, including our ability to gain
market acceptance of our products and continue growing our existing operations. If we cannot generate positive cash flow from operations,
we will have to reduce our costs and try to raise working capital from other sources. These measures could materially and adversely
affect our ability to execute our operations and expand our business. 

The Company may suffer from lack of availability
of additional funds. 

We expect to have ongoing needs for working
capital in order to fund operations and to continue to expand our operations. To that end, we may be required to raise additional
funds through equity or debt financing. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in securing additional capital
on favorable terms, if at all. If we are successful, whether the terms are favorable or unfavorable, there is a potential that
we will fail to comply with the terms of such financing, which could result in severe liability for our Company. If we are unsuccessful,
we may need to (a) initiate cost reductions; (b) forego business development opportunities; (c) seek extensions of time to fund
liabilities, or (d) seek protection from creditors. In addition, any future sale of our equity securities would dilute the ownership
and control of your shares and could be at prices substantially below prices at which our shares currently trade. Our inability
to raise capital could require us to significantly curtail or terminate our operations. We may seek to increase our cash reserves
through the sale of additional equity or debt securities. The sale of convertible debt securities or additional equity securities
could result in additional and potentially substantial dilution to our shareholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result
in increased debt service obligations and could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations
and liquidity. In addition, our ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms is subject to a variety of uncertainties. 

7 

In addition, if we are unable to generate adequate
cash from operations, and if we are unable to find sources of funding, it may be necessary for us to sell all or a portion of our
assets, enter into a business combination, or reduce or eliminate operations. These possibilities, to the extent available, may
be on terms that result in significant dilution to our shareholders or that result in our shareholders losing all of their investment
in our Company. 

The commercial success of our products
is dependent, in part, on factors outside our control . 

The commercial success of our products is dependent
upon unpredictable and volatile factors beyond our control, such as the success of our competitors products. Our failure
to attract market acceptance and a sustainable competitive advantage over our competitors would materially harm our business. 

We are attempting to launch brands in
new markets and with new products. Our inability to effectively execute our business plan in relation to these new brands could
negatively impact our business. 

We are attempting launch new CBD product brands
into the marketplace. The CBD products market is relatively new, and therefore potentially more risky than other, more established
product categories. Further, we are attempting to launch new product lines containing CBD products, rather than rely on brands
that we have currently launched. Launching new products into new markets is risky and requires extensive marketing and
business expertise. There can be no assurances we will have the capital, personnel resources, or expertise to be successful in
launching these new business efforts. 

Our Business Can be Affected by Unusual
Weather Patterns 

Hemp cultivation can be impacted by weather
patterns and these unpredictable weather patterns may impact our client-customers ability to harvest hemp. In addition,
severe weather, including drought and hail, can destroy a hemp crop, which could result a shortage of raw materials. If our suppliers
are unable to obtain sufficient hemp from which to process CBD, our ability to meet customer demand, generate sales, and maintain
operations will be impacted. 

Our business and financial performance
may be adversely affected by downturns in the target markets that we serve or reduced demand for the types of products we sell. 

Demand for our products is often affected by
general economic conditions as well as product-use trends in our target markets. These changes may result in decreased demand for
our products. The occurrence of these conditions is beyond our ability to control and, when they occur, they may have a significant
impact on our sales and results of operations. The inability or unwillingness of our customers to pay a premium for our products
due to general economic conditions or a downturn in the economy may have a significant adverse impact on our sales and results
of operations. 

Changes within the cannabis industry
may adversely affect our financial performance. 

Changes in the identity, ownership structure
and strategic goals of our competitors and the emergence of new competitors in our target markets may harm our financial performance.
New competitors may include foreign-based companies and commodity-based domestic producers who could enter our specialty markets
if they are unable to compete in their traditional markets. 

We are subject to certain tax risks and
treatments that could negatively impact our results of operations. 

Section 280E of the Internal Revenue Code,
as amended, prohibits businesses from deducting certain expenses associated with trafficking-controlled substances (within the
meaning of Schedule I and II of the Controlled Substances Act). The IRS has invoked Section 280E in tax audits against various
cannabis businesses in the U.S. that are permitted under applicable state laws. Although the IRS issued a clarification allowing
the deduction of certain expenses, the scope of such items is interpreted very narrowly, and the bulk of operating costs and general
administrative costs are not permitted to be deducted. While there are currently several pending cases before various administrative
and federal courts challenging these restrictions, there is no guarantee that these courts will issue an interpretation of Section
280E favorable to cannabis businesses. 

8 

The Company s industry is highly
competitive, and we have less capital and resources than many of our competitors which may give them an advantage in developing
and marketing products similar to ours or make our products obsolete. 

We are involved in a highly competitive industry
where we may compete with numerous other companies who offer alternative methods or approaches, who may have far greater resources,
more experience, and personnel perhaps more qualified than we do. Such resources may give our competitors an advantage in developing
and marketing products similar to ours or products that make our products less desirable to consumers or obsolete. There can be
no assurance that we will be able to successfully compete against these other entities. 

We may be unable to respond to the rapid
change in the industry and such change may increase costs and competition that may adversely affect our business 

Rapidly changing technologies, frequent new
product and service introductions and evolving industry standards characterize our market. The continued growth of the Internet
and intense competition in our industry exacerbates these market characteristics. Our future success will depend on our ability
to adapt to rapidly changing trends and capitalize on them. We may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful
development, introduction or marketing of our products. In addition, any new enhancements must meet the requirements of our current
and prospective customers and must achieve significant market acceptance. We could also incur substantial costs if we need to modify
our products and services or infrastructures to adapt to these changes. We also expect that new competitors may introduce products
or services that are directly or indirectly competitive with us. These competitors may succeed in developing products and services
that have greater functionality or are less costly than our products and services and may be more successful in marketing such
products and services. Technological changes have lowered the cost of operating, communications and computer systems and purchasing
software. These changes reduce our cost of selling products and providing services, but also facilitate increased competition by
reducing competitors costs in providing similar products and services. This competition could increase price competition
and reduce anticipated profit margins. 

Our acquisition strategy creates risks
for our business. 

We expect that we will pursue acquisitions
of other businesses, assets or technologies to grow our business. We may fail to identify attractive acquisition candidates, or
we may be unable to reach acceptable terms for future acquisitions. We might not be able to raise enough cash to compete for attractive
acquisition targets. If we are unable to complete acquisitions in the future, our ability to grow our business at our anticipated
rate will be impaired. We may pay for acquisitions by issuing additional shares of our Common Stock, which would dilute our stockholders,
or by issuing debt, which could include terms that restrict our ability to operate our business or pursue other opportunities and
subject us to meaningful debt service obligations. We may also use significant amounts of cash to complete acquisitions. To the
extent that we complete acquisitions in the future, we likely will incur future depreciation and amortization expenses associated
with the acquired assets. We may also record significant amounts of intangible assets, including goodwill, which could become impaired
in the future. Acquisitions involve numerous other risks, including: 

difficulties integrating the operations, technologies, services and personnel of the acquired companies; 

challenges maintaining our internal standards, controls, procedures and policies; 

diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; 

over-valuation by us of acquired companies; 

litigation resulting from activities of the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders and other third parties; 

9 

insufficient revenues to offset increased expenses associated with the acquisitions and unanticipated liabilities of the acquired companies; 

insufficient indemnification or security from the selling parties for legal liabilities that we may assume in connection with our acquisitions; 

entering markets in which we have no prior experience and may not succeed; 

risks associated with foreign acquisitions, such as communication and integration problems resulting from geographic dispersion and language and cultural differences, compliance with foreign laws and regulations and general economic or political conditions in other countries or regions; 

potential loss of key employees of the acquired companies; and 

impairment of relationships with clients and employees of the acquired companies or our clients and employees as a result of the integration of acquired operations and new management personnel. 

Our management team s attention
may be diverted by recent acquisitions and searches for new acquisition targets, and our business and operations may suffer adverse
consequences as a result. 

Mergers and acquisitions are time intensive,
requiring significant commitment of our management team s focus and resources. If our management team spends too much time
focused on recent acquisitions or on potential acquisition targets, our management team may not have sufficient time to focus on
our existing business and operations. This diversion of attention could have material and adverse consequences on our operations
and our ability to be profitable. 

We may be unable to scale our operations
successfully. 

Our growth strategy will place significant
demands on our management and financial, administrative and other resources. Operating results will depend substantially on the
ability of our officers and key employees to manage changing business conditions and to implement and improve our financial, administrative
and other resources. If the Company is unable to respond to and manage changing business conditions, or the scale of its operations,
then the quality of its services, its ability to retain key personnel, and its business could be harmed. 

The Company may suffer from a lack of
liquidity. 

By incurring indebtedness, the Company subjects
itself to increased debt service obligations which could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations
and liquidity. This would impair our ability to hire the necessary senior and support personnel required for our business, as well
carry out its acquisition strategy and other business objectives. 

Economic conditions or changing consumer
preferences could adversely impact our business. 

A downturn in economic conditions in one or
more of the Company s markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, business
and prospects especially in light of the fact that we are selling products generally considered non-essential and/or discretionary.
Although we attempt to stay informed of economic and customer trends, any sustained failure to identify and respond to trends could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects. 

The requirements of remaining a public
company may strain our resources and distract our management, which could make it difficult to manage our business. 

We are required to comply with various regulatory
and reporting requirements, including those required by the SEC. Complying with these reporting and other regulatory requirements
are time-consuming and expensive and could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

10 

If we secure intellectual property rights
in the future, such intellectual property rights will be valuable, and if we are unable to protect them or are subject to intellectual
property rights claims, our business may be harmed. 

If we secure intellectual property rights,
including those rights related to trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets, they will be important assets for us. We do not hold
any patents protecting our intellectual property at this time. Various events outside of our control may pose a threat to any intellectual
property rights that we acquire as well as to our business. For example, we may be subject to third-party intellectual property
rights claims, and our technologies may not be able to withstand any such claims. Regardless of the merits of the claims, any intellectual
property claims could be time-consuming and expensive to litigate or settle. In addition, if any claims against us are successful,
we may have to pay substantial monetary damages or discontinue any of our practices that are found to be in violation of another
party s rights. We also may have to seek a license to continue such practices, which may significantly increase our operating
expenses or may not be available to us at all. Also, the efforts we may take to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient
or effective. Any significant impairment of our potential future intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability
to compete. 

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality
of our trade secrets and know-how, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 

The Company has not currently filed for any
protection of its intellectual property. We expect to rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how protection for our confidential
and proprietary information, and we have taken security measures to protect this information. These measures, however, may not
provide adequate protection for our trade secrets, know-how, or other confidential information. Among other things, we seek to
protect our trade secrets, know-how, and confidential information by entering into confidentiality agreements with parties who
have access to them, such as our employees, collaborators, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors, and other third parties.
We cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets
or proprietary technology and processes. Moreover, there can be no assurance that any confidentiality agreements that we have with
our employees, consultants, or other third parties will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how, and confidential
information or will provide adequate remedies in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of such information. Despite these
efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets,
and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Monitoring unauthorized uses and disclosures is difficult,
and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary technologies will be effective. Accordingly, there
also can be no assurance that our trade secrets or know-how will not otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. 

Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed
or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition,
trade secrets may be independently developed by others in a manner that could prevent legal recourse by us. If any of our confidential
or proprietary information, such as our trade secrets, were to be disclosed or misappropriated, or if any such information was
independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position would be materially and adversely harmed. Trade secrets and know-how
can be difficult to protect as trade secrets and know-how will over time be disseminated within the industry through independent
development, the publication of journal articles, and the movement of personnel skilled in the art from company to company or academic
to industry scientific positions. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor
or other third party, we would have no right to prevent such competitor from using that technology or information to compete with
us, which could harm our competitive position. Because from time to time we expect to rely on third parties in the development,
manufacture and distribution of our products and provision of our services, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. We
seek to protect our proprietary technology in part by entering into confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, material transfer
agreements, license agreements, collaboration agreements, supply agreements, consulting agreements or other similar agreements
with our advisors, employees, collaborators, licensors, suppliers, third-party contractors, and consultants prior to beginning
research or disclosing proprietary information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose
our confidential information, including our trade secrets and know-how. Despite the contractual provisions employed when working
with third parties, the need to share trade secrets, know-how, and other confidential information increases the risk that such
trade secrets and know-how become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are
disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our know-how and
trade secrets, a competitor s discovery of our trade secrets or know-how, or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair
our competitive position and may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

In addition, these agreements typically restrict
the ability of our advisors, employees, collaborators, licensors, suppliers, third-party contractors, and consultants to publish
data potentially relating to our trade secrets or know-how, although our agreements may contain certain limited publication rights.
Despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets and know-how, our competitors may discover our trade secrets or know-how, either
through breach of our agreements with third parties, independent development, or publication of information by any of our third-party
collaborators. A competitor s discovery of our trade secrets or know-how would impair our competitive position and have a
material adverse impact on our business. 

11 

The auditor included a going concern 
note in its audit report. 

As noted in our audited financials for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we ve sustained recurring operating losses and our accumulated deficit raises substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We may not have enough funds to sustain the business until it becomes profitable.
Even if we obtain financing, we may not accurately anticipate how quickly we may use the funds and whether these funds are sufficient
to bring the business to profitability. 

We are required to comply with certain
provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and if we fail to
continue to comply, our business could be harmed, and the price of our securities could decline. 

Rules adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act require an annual assessment of internal control over financial reporting, and for certain issuers
an attestation of this assessment by the issuer s independent registered public accounting firm. The standards that must
be met for management to assess the internal control over financial reporting as effective are evolving and complex, and require
significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. We expect to incur significant expenses
and to devote resources to Section 404 compliance on an ongoing basis. It is difficult for us to predict how long it will take
or costly it will be to complete the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for each
year and to remediate any deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we may not be able to complete
the assessment and remediation process on a timely basis. In the event that our Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer
determines that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective as defined under Section 404, we cannot predict
how regulators will react or how the market prices of our securities will be affected; however, we believe that there is a risk
that investor confidence and the market value of our securities may be negatively affected. 

Due to the economic hardships presented
by the COVID-19 pandemic, we obtained a loan from the Paycheck Protection Program PPP Loan from the U.S. Small
Business Administration SBA pursuant to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES
Act ). We may not be entitled to forgiveness under the PPP Loan which would negatively impact our cash flow, and our
application for the PPP Loan could damage our reputation. 

On April 18, 2020, the Company received the
proceeds of a loan from a banking institution, in the principal amount of 231,500 (the Loan ), pursuant to the Paycheck
Protection Program (the PPP under Division A, Title I of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act
(the CARES Act ), which was enacted on March 27, 2020. The Loan, which was in the form of a Note dated April 18, 2020,
matures on April 18, 2022 and bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.00 per annum, payable monthly to KeyBank National Association,
as the lender, commencing on November 18, 2020. 

Under the terms of the CARES Act, as amended
by the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act of 2020, the Company is eligible to apply for and receive forgiveness for all
or a portion of their respective PPP Loan. Such forgiveness will be determined, subject to limitations, based on the use of the
Loan proceeds for certain permissible purposes as set forth in the PPP, including, but not limited to, payroll costs (as defined
under the PPP) and mortgage interest, rent or utility costs (collectively, Qualifying Expenses incurred during the
24 weeks subsequent to funding, and on the maintenance of employee and compensation levels, as defined, following the funding of
the PPP Loan. The Company used the proceeds of the PPP Loan for Qualifying Expenses. However, no assurance is provided that the
Company will be able to obtain forgiveness of the PPP Loan in whole or in part. Any amounts that are not forgiven incur interest
at 1.0 per annum and monthly repayments of principal and interest are deferred for six months after the date of disbursement.
While the PPP Loan currently has a two-year maturity, the amended law permits the borrower to request a five-year maturity from
its lender. The Company has applied for forgiveness for the full amount and is waiting for the approval from the bank and the SBA.
On December 8, 2021, the Company received notification from Key Bank that our forgiveness application has been approved in full
by the Small Business Administration, or SBA. 

12 

In order to apply for the PPP Loan, we were
required to certify, among other things, that the current economic uncertainty made the PPP Loan request necessary to support our
ongoing operations. We made this certification in good faith after analyzing, among other things, our financial situation and access
to alternative forms of capital, and believe that we satisfied all eligibility criteria for the PPP Loan, and that our receipt
of the PPP Loan was consistent with the broad objectives of the CARES Act. At the time that we had made such certification, we
could not predict with any certainty whether we would be able to obtain the necessary financing to support our operations. The
certification described above that we were required to provide in connection with our application for the PPP Loan did not contain
any objective criteria and was subject to interpretation. However, on April 23, 2020, the SBA issued guidance stating that it is
unlikely that a public company with substantial market value and access to capital markets will be able to make the required certification
in good faith. The lack of clarity regarding loan eligibility under the CARES Act has resulted in significant media coverage and
controversy with respect to public companies applying for and receiving loans. If, despite our good-faith belief that we satisfied
all eligible requirements for the PPP Loan, we are later determined to have violated any of the laws or governmental regulations
that apply to us in connection with the PPP Loan, such as the False Claims Act, or it is otherwise determined that we were ineligible
to receive the PPP Loan, we may be subject to penalties, including significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, and
could be required to repay the PPP Loan in its entirety. In addition, our receipt of the PPP Loan may result in adverse publicity
and damage to our reputation, and a review or audit by the SBA or other government entity or claims under the False Claims Act
could consume significant financial and management resources. 

Risks Related to Government Regulation 

Possible yet unanticipated changes in
federal and state law could cause any of our current products, containing hemp-derived CBD oil to be illegal, or could
otherwise prohibit, limit or restrict any of our products containing CBD. 

We distribute certain products containing hemp-derived CBD,
and we currently intend to develop and launch additional products containing hemp-derived CBD in the future. Until 2014, when 7
U.S. Code 5940 became federal law as part of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014 Farm Ac t ), products
containing oils derived from hemp, notwithstanding a minimal or non-existing THC content, were classified as Schedule I illegal
drugs. The 2014 Farm Act expired on September 30, 2018, and was thereafter replaced by the Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018
on December 20, 2018 (the 2018 Farm Act ), which amended various sections of the U.S. Code, thereby removing
hemp, defined as cannabis with less than 0.3 THC, from Schedule 1 status under the Controlled Substances Act, and legalizing the
cultivation and sale of industrial-hemp at the federal level, subject to compliance with certain federal requirements and state
law, amongst other things. More specifically, industrial hemp is defined as the plant Cannabis sativa L. and any part of
such plant, whether growing or not, with a delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol concentration of not more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight
basis. The hemp oil we use comports with this definition of less than 0.3 THC. THC is the psychoactive component of plants
in the cannabis family generally identified as marihuana or marijuana. There is no assurance that the 2018 Farm Act will not be
repealed or amended such that our products containing hemp-derived CBD would once again be deemed illegal under federal law. 

The 2018 Farm Act delegates the authority to
the states to regulate and limit the production of hemp and hemp derived products within their territories. Although many states
have adopted laws and regulations that allow for the production and sale of hemp and hemp derived products under certain circumstances,
currently Idaho, Mississippi and South Dakota have not adopted laws and regulations permitted by the 2018 Farm Act. No assurance
can be given that such state laws may not be implemented, repealed or amended such that our products containing hemp-derived CBD
would be deemed legal in those states that have not adopted regulations pursuant to the 2018 Farm Act, or illegal under the laws
of one or more states now permitting such products, which in turn would render such intended products illegal in those states under
federal law even if the federal law is unchanged. In the event of either repeal of federal or of state laws and regulations, or
of amendments thereto that are adverse to our intended products, we may be restricted or limited with respect to those products
that we may sell or distribute, which could adversely impact our intended business plan with respect to such intended products.
Additionally, the FDA has indicated its view that certain types of products containing CBD may not be permissible under the FDCA.
The FDA s position is related to its approval of Epidiolex, a marijuana-derived prescription medicine to be available in
the United States. The active ingredient in Epidiolex is CBD. On December 20, 2018, after the passage of the 2018 Farm Bill,
FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb issued a statement in which he reiterated the FDA s position that, among other things, the
FDA requires a cannabis product (hemp-derived or otherwise) that is marketed with a claim of therapeutic benefit, or with
any other disease claim, to be approved by the FDA for its intended use before it may be introduced into interstate commerce and
that the FDCA prohibits introducing into interstate commerce food products containing added CBD, and marketing products containing
CBD as a dietary supplement, regardless of whether the substances are hemp-derived. We do not believe that any of our products
fall within the FDA s regulatory authority reiterated by Commissioner Gottlieb in December 2018, as we have not, and do not
intend to market any of our products with a claim of therapeutic benefit or with any other disease claim. However, should any regulatory
action, including action taken by the FDA, and/or legal proceeding alleging violations of such laws could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

13 

If our hemp oil products are found to
violate federal law or if there is negative press from being in a hemp or cannabis-related business, we could be criminally prosecuted
or forced to suspend or cease operations. 

There is a misconception that that hemp and
marijuana are the same thing. This perception drives much of the regulation of hemp products. Although hemp and marijuana are both
part of the cannabis family, they differ in cultivation, function, and application. Despite the use of marijuana becoming more
widely legalized, it is viewed by many regulators and many others as an illegal product. Hemp, on the other hand, is used in a
variety of other ways that include clothing, skin products, pet products, dietary supplements (the use of CBD oil), and thousands
of other applications. Hemp may be legally sold, however the inability of many to understand the difference between hemp and marijuana
often causes burdensome regulation and confusion among potential customers. Therefore, we may be affected by laws related to cannabis
and marijuana, even though our products are not the direct targets of these laws. 

Cannabis is currently a Schedule I controlled
substance under the Controlled Substance Act CSA and is, therefore, illegal under federal law. Even in those states
in which the use of cannabis has been legalized pursuant to state law, its use, possession and/or cultivation remains a violation
of federal law. A Schedule I controlled substance is defined as one that has no currently accepted medical use in the United States,
a lack of safety for use under medical supervision and a high potential for abuse. The U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ describes Schedule I controlled substances as the most dangerous drugs of all the drug schedules with potentially severe
psychological or physical dependence. If the federal government decides to enforce the CSA in the states, persons that are
charged with distributing, possessing with intent to distribute or growing cannabis could be subject to fines and/or terms of imprisonment,
the maximum being life imprisonment and a 50 million fine. 

Notwithstanding the CSA, 29 U.S. states, the
District of Columbia and the U.S. territories of Guam and Puerto Rico allow their residents to use medical cannabis. The states
of Alaska, California, Colorado, Maine, Massachusetts, Nevada, Oregon, Vermont (effective July 1, 2018) and Washington, and the
District of Columbia, allow cannabis for adult recreational use. Such state and territorial laws are in conflict with the federal
CSA, which makes cannabis use and possession illegal at the federal level. 

However, cannabis, as mentioned above, is a
schedule-I controlled substance and is illegal under federal law. Even in those states in which the use of cannabis has been legalized,
its production and use remains a violation of federal law. Since federal law criminalizing the use of cannabis preempts state laws
that legalize its use, strict enforcement of federal laws regarding marijuana that would apply to the sale and distribution of
our hemp oil products could result in criminal charges brought against us and would likely result in our inability to proceed with
our business plan. 

In addition, any negative press resulting from
any incorrect perception that we have entered into the marijuana space could result in a loss of current or future business. It
could also adversely affect the public s perception of us and lead to reluctance by new parties to do business with us or
to own our Common Stock. We cannot assure you that additional business partners, including but not limited to financial institutions
and customers, will not attempt to end or curtail their relationships with us. Any such negative press or cessation of business
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our product candidates are not approved
by the FDA or other regulatory authority, and we face risks of unforeseen medical problems, and up to a complete ban on the sale
of our product candidates. 

The efficacy and safety of pharmaceutical products
is established through a process of clinical testing under FDA oversight. Our products have not gone through this process because
we believe that the topical products, we sell are not subject to this process. However, if an individual were to use one of our
products in an improper manner, we cannot predict the potential medical harm to that individual. If such an event were to occur,
the FDA or similar regulatory agency might impose a complete ban on the sale or use of our products. 

14 

Sources of hemp-derived CBD depend
upon legality of cultivation, processing, marketing and sales of products derived from those plants under state law. 

Hemp-derived CBD can only be legally produced
in states that have laws and regulations that allow for such production and that comply with the 2018 Farm Act, apart from
state laws legalizing and regulating medical and recreational cannabis or marijuana, which remains illegal under federal law and
regulations. We purchase all of our hemp-derived CBD from licensed growers and processors in states where such production is legal.
As described in the preceding risk factor, in the event of repeal or amendment of laws and regulations which are now favorable
to the cannabis/hemp industry in such states, we would be required to locate new suppliers in states with laws and regulations
that qualify under the 2018 Farm Act. If we were to be unsuccessful in arranging new sources of supply of our raw ingredients,
or if our raw ingredients were to become legally unavailable, our intended business plan with respect to such products could be
adversely impacted. 

Because our distributors may only sell
and ship our products containing hemp-derived CBD in states that have adopted laws and regulations qualifying under the
2018 Farm Act, a reduction in the number of states having such qualifying laws and regulations could limit, restrict or otherwise
preclude the sale of intended products containing hemp-derived CBD. 

The interstate shipment of hemp-derived CBD
from one state to another is legal only where both states have laws and regulations that allow for the production and sale
of such products and that qualify under the 2018 Farm Act. Therefore, the marketing and sale of our intended products containing
hemp-derived CBD is limited by such factors and is restricted to such states. Although we believe we may lawfully sell any of our
finished products, including those containing CBD, in a majority of states, a repeal or adverse amendment of laws and regulations
that are now favorable to the distribution, marketing and sale of finished products we intend to sell could significantly limit,
restrict or prevent us from generating revenue related to our products that contain hemp-derived CBD. Any such repeal or adverse
amendment of now favorable laws and regulations could have an adverse impact on our business plan with respect to such products. 

Risks Associated With Bank And Insurance
Laws And Regulations 

We and our customers may have difficulty
accessing the service of banks, which may make it difficult to sell our products and services and manage our cash flows. 

Since the commerce in cannabis, as not strictly
defined in the 2018 Farm Bill, is illegal under federal law, federally most chartered banks will not accept deposit funds from
businesses involved with cannabis. Consequently, businesses involved in the cannabis industry often have trouble finding a bank
willing to accept their business. The inability to open bank accounts may make it difficult for our customers to operate. There
does appear to be recent movement to allow state-chartered banks and credit unions to provide banking to the industry, but as of
the date of this report there are only nominal entities that have been formed that offer these services. Further, in a February
6, 2018, Forbes article, United States Secretary of the Treasury, Steven Mnuchin, is reported to have testified that his department
is reviewing the existing guidance. But he clarified that he doesn t want to rescind it without having an alternate
policy in place to address public safety concerns. 

Financial transactions involving proceeds generated
by cannabis-related conduct can form the basis for prosecution under the federal money laundering statutes, unlicensed money transmitter
statute and the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act. Despite guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury suggesting it may be possible
for financial institutions to provide services to cannabis-related businesses consistent with their obligations under the Bank
Secrecy Act, banks remain hesitant to offer banking services to cannabis-related businesses. Consequently, those businesses involved
in the cannabis industry continue to encounter difficulty establishing banking relationships. Our inability to maintain our current
bank accounts would make it difficult for us to operate our business, increase our operating costs, and pose additional operational,
logistical and security challenges and could result in our inability to implement our business plan. Similarly, many of our customers
are directly involved in cannabis sales and further restrictions to their ability to access banking services may make it difficult
for them to purchase our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

15 

We are subject to certain federal regulations
relating to cash reporting. 

The Bank Secrecy Act, enforced by FinCEN, requires
us to report currency transactions in excess of 10,000, including identification of the customer by name and social security number,
to the IRS. This regulation also requires us to report certain suspicious activity, including any transaction that exceeds 5,000
that we know, suspect or have reason to believe involves funds from illegal activity or is designed to evade federal regulations
or reporting requirements and to verify sources of funds. Substantial penalties can be imposed against us if we fail to comply
with this regulation. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, the imposition of a substantial penalty could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Due to our involvement in the cannabis
industry, we may have a difficult time obtaining the various insurances that are desired to operate our business, which may expose
us to additional risk and financial liability 

Insurance that is otherwise readily available,
such as general liability, and directors and officer s insurance, is more difficult for us to find, and more expensive, because
we are service providers to companies in the cannabis industry. There are no guarantees that we will be able to find such insurances
in the future, or that the cost will be affordable to us. If we are forced to go without such insurances, it may prevent us from
entering into certain business sectors, may inhibit our growth, and may expose us to additional risk and financial liabilities. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Our stock price has experienced volatility
and may continue to experience volatility, and as a result, investors in its common stock could incur substantial losses. 

The Company s
stock price has fluctuated in the past, has recently been volatile, and may be volatile in the future. During 2022, the highest
bid price for our common stock was 0.76 per share, while the lowest bid price during that period was 0.013 per share. The Company
may incur rapid and substantial decreases in its stock price in the foreseeable future that are unrelated to its operating performance
or prospects. In addition, the recent COVID-19 pandemic has caused broad stock market and industry fluctuations. The stock market
has experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result
of this volatility, investors may experience losses on their investment in the Company s common stock. The trading price
of our common stock could continue to fluctuate widely due to: 

investor reaction to the Company s business strategy; 

the success of competitive products or technologies; 

regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries, especially changes in laws or regulations applicable to the Company s products; 

limited current liquidity and the possible need to raise additional capital; 

the Company s ability or inability to raise additional capital and the terms on which it raises it; 

the Company s public disclosure of the terms of any financing which it consummates in the future; 

declines in the market prices of stocks generally; 

variations in the Company s financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

the Company s failure to become profitable; 

the Company s failure to raise working capital; 

16 

announcements of technological innovations by us or our potential competitors; 

changes in or our failure to meet the expectations of securities analysts; 

new products offered by us or our competitors; 

announcements of strategic relationships or strategic partnerships; 

any acquisitions we may consummate; 

announcements by the Company or its competitors of significant contracts, new services, acquisitions, commercial relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

cancellation of key contracts; 

the Company s failure to meet financial forecasts we publicly disclose; 

future sales of common stock, or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock; 

adverse judgments or settlements obligating us to pay damages; 

future issuances of common stock in connection with acquisitions or other transactions; 

acts of war, terrorism, or natural disasters; 

trading volume in our stock; 

sales of the Company s common stock by it or its stockholders; 

developments relating to patents or property rights; 

general economic, industry and market conditions; and 

government regulatory changes; or 

other events or factors that may be beyond our control, including those resulting from such events, or the prospect of such events, including war, terrorism and other international conflicts, public health issues including health epidemics or pandemics, such as the recent outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, and natural disasters such as fire, hurricanes, earthquakes, tornados or other adverse weather and climate conditions, whether occurring in the United States or elsewhere, could disrupt the Company s operations, disrupt the operations of its suppliers or result in political or economic instability. 

These broad market and industry factors may
seriously harm the market price of the Company s common stock, regardless of its operating performance. Since the stock price
of its common stock has fluctuated in the past, has been recently volatile and may be volatile in the future, investors in its
common stock could incur substantial losses. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market, securities class-action
litigation has often been instituted against companies. Such litigation, if instituted against the Company, could result in substantial
costs and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could materially and adversely affect its business, financial
condition, results of operations and growth prospects. There can be no guarantee that the Company s stock price will remain
at current prices or that future sales of its common stock will not be at prices lower than those sold to investors. 

In addition, the securities markets in general
have experienced extreme price and trading volume volatility in the past. The trading prices of securities of many companies at
our stage of growth have fluctuated broadly, often for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of the specific companies.
These general market and industry factors may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, regardless of our actual
operating performance. If our stock price is volatile, we could face securities class action litigation, which could result in
substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources and could cause our stock price to fall. 

17 

We are be subject to the penny
stock rules which adversely affect the liquidity of our Common Stock. 

The SEC has adopted regulations which generally
define penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to specific
exemptions. The market price of our Common Stock is less than 5.00 per share and therefore we are considered a penny stock 
according to SEC rules. This designation requires any broker-dealer selling these securities to disclose certain information concerning
the transaction, obtain a written agreement from the purchaser and determine that the purchaser is reasonably suitable to purchase
the securities. These rules limit the ability of broker-dealers to solicit purchases of our Common Stock and therefore reduce the
liquidity of the public market for our shares should one develop. 

Securities which are traded on the OTCPink ,
may not provide as much liquidity for our investors as more recognized senior exchanges such as the Nasdaq stock market or other
national or regional exchanges. 

In 2010, the Company s Common Stock was
approved by FINRA to trade on the OTCBB under the symbol INTB on an unpriced basis. There has never been a two-sided
quotation for the stock, and it has yet to trade. On December 9, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment of Articles
of Incorporation (the Certificate with the State of California to (i) effect a forward stock split of its outstanding
shares of common stock at a ratio of 7 for 1 (the Forward Stock Split ), (ii) increase the number of authorized shares
of common stock from 50,000,000 shares to 500,000,000 shares, and (iii) effectuate a name change (the Name Change ).
As a result of the Name Change, the Company s name changed from Intelligent Buying, Inc. to Sentient
Brands Holdings Inc. . The Certificate was approved by the majority of the Company s shareholders and by the Board
of Directors of the Company. The effective date of the Forward Stock Split and the Name Change was March 2, 2021. In connection
with the above, the Company filed an Issuer Company-Related Action Notification Form with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.
The Forward Stock Split and the Name Change was implemented by FINRA on March 2, 2021. As a result of the name change, our symbol
was changed to SNBH . 

The Company s Common Stock is currently
quoted on the Pink Tier of OTC Markets under the symbol of SNBH . OTC Markets is a computer network that provides
information on current bids and asks , as well as volume information. As of the date hereof, no active
trading market has developed for our Common Stock. Securities traded on OTC Markets are usually thinly traded, highly volatile,
have fewer market makers and are not followed by analysts. The SEC s order handling rules, which apply to NASDAQ-listed securities,
do not apply to securities quoted on OTC Markets. Quotes for stocks included on OTC Markets are not listed in newspapers and are
often unavailable at many of the online websites which publish stock quotes. Therefore, prices for securities traded solely on
OTC Markets may be difficult to obtain and holders of our securities may be unable to resell their securities at or near their
original acquisition price, or at any price. 

Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our Common Stock,
which could depress the price of our Common Stock. 

FINRA has adopted rules that require a broker-dealer
to have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer before recommending an investment to
a customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make
reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives, and other
information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced
securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. Thus, the FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers
to recommend that their customers buy our Common Stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our shares of Common Stock,
have an adverse effect on the market for our shares of Common Stock, and thereby depress our price per share of Common Stock. 

18 

The sale of the additional shares of
Common Stock could cause the value of our Common Stock to decline. 

The sale of a substantial number of shares
of our Common Stock, or anticipation of such sales, could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities
in the future at a time and at a price that we might otherwise wish. 

The Common Stock constitutes restricted
securities and is subject to limited transferability. 

The Common Stock should be considered a long-term,
illiquid investment. The Common Stock has not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and cannot be sold without registration under the Securities Act or any exemption from registration. In addition,
the Common Stock is not registered under any state securities laws that would permit their transfer. Because of these restrictions
and the absence of an active trading market for our securities, a stockholder will likely be unable to liquidate an investment
even though other personal financial circumstances would dictate such liquidation. 

Because we will likely issue additional
shares of our Common Stock, investment in the Company could be subject to substantial dilution. 

Investors interests in the Company will
be diluted and Investors may suffer dilution in their net book value per share when we issue additional shares. We are authorized
to issue 500,000,000 shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share, and 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.001 par value
per share. We anticipate that all or at least some of our future funding, if any, will be in the form of equity financing from
the sale of our Common Stock. If we do sell or issue more Common Stock, investors investment in the Company will be diluted.
Dilution is the difference between what you pay for your stock and the net tangible book value per share immediately after the
additional shares are sold by us. If dilution occurs, any investment in the Company s Common Stock could seriously decline
in value. 

Our Common Stock is subject to risks
arising from restrictions on reliance on Rule 144 by shell companies or former shell companies. 

Under a regulation of the SEC known as Rule
144, a person who beneficially owns restricted securities of an issuer and who is not an affiliate of that issuer may sell
them without registration under the Securities Act provided that certain conditions have been met. One of these conditions is that
such person has held the restricted securities for a prescribed period, which would be six months for shares of a company which
has never been a shell company. However, Rule 144 is unavailable for the resale of securities issued by an issuer that is a shell
company (other than a business combination related shell company) or, unless certain conditions are met, that has been at any time
previously a shell company. Because we had been a shell company in the past, shareholders purchasing restricted securities will
be unable to publicly resell their shares until one year after this Form 8-K is filed at the earliest, if at all. 

The SEC defines a shell company as a company
that has (a) no or nominal operations and (b) either (i) no or nominal assets, (ii) assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents;
or (iii) assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. 

As a result of the Closing of the Reorganization
as described in Items 1.01 and 2.01, the Company ceased being a shell company as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange
Act. 

While we believe that as a result of the Closing
of the Reorganization, the Company ceased to be a shell company, the SEC and others whose approval is required in order for shares
to be sold under Rule 144 might take a different view. 

Rule 144 is available for the resale of securities
of former shell companies if and for as long as the following conditions are met: 

(i) the issuer of the securities
that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company, 

(ii) the issuer of the securities
is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, 

19 

(iii) the issuer of the
securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months
(or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K;
and 

(iv) at least one year has
elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current comprehensive disclosure with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that
is not a shell company known as Form 10 Information. 

Shareholders who receive the Company s
restricted securities will not be able to sell them pursuant to Rule 144 without registration until the Company has met the other
conditions to this exception and then for only as long as the Company continues to meet the condition described in subparagraph
(iii), above, and is not a shell company. No assurance can be given that the Company will meet these conditions or that, if it
has met them, it will continue to do so, or that it will not again be a shell company. 

Fiduciaries investing the assets of a
trust or pension, or profit-sharing plan must carefully assess an investment in our Company to ensure compliance with ERISA. 

In considering an investment in the Company
of a portion of the assets of a trust or a pension or profit-sharing plan qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and exempt
from tax under Section 501(a), a fiduciary should consider (i) whether the investment satisfies the diversification requirements
of Section 404 of ERISA; (ii) whether the investment is prudent, since the Company s common stock shares are not freely transferable
and there may not be a market created in which the Common Stock may be sold or otherwise disposed; and (iii) whether interests
in the Company or the underlying assets owned by the Company constitute Plan Assets under ERISA. 

Our Common Stock price may decrease due
to factors beyond our control. 

The stock market from time to time has experienced
extreme price and volume fluctuations, which have particularly affected the market prices for emerging growth companies, and which
often have been unrelated to the operating performance of the companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the
market price of our stock, if a trading market for our stock ever develops. If our shareholders sell substantial amounts of their
stock in the public market, the price of our stock could fall. These sales also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity,
or equity-related securities, in the future at a price we deem appropriate. 

The market price of our stock may also fluctuate
significantly in response to the following factors, most of which are beyond our control: 

variations in our quarterly operating results, 

changes in general economic conditions, 

changes in market valuations of similar companies, 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or joint ventures, or capital commitments, 

poor reviews; 

loss of a major customer, partner or joint venture participant; and 

the addition or loss of key managerial and collaborative personnel. 

Any such fluctuations may adversely affect
the market price or value of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. As a result, stockholders may be
unable to sell their shares, or may be forced to sell them at a loss. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may
also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In addition to the penny stock 
rules described above, FINRA has adopted Rule 2111 that requires a broker-dealer to have reasonable grounds for believing that
an investment is suitable for a customer before recommending the investment. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities
to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s
financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes
that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA
requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit
your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

20 

We do not intend to pay dividends for
the foreseeable future. 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our stock and do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our
future earnings for use in the development of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay dividends
in the future will be at the discretion of our Board. 

If we are unable to comply with the financial
reporting requirements mandated by the SEC s regulations, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the
price of our common stock, if a market ever does develop for it, could decline. 

If we fail to maintain effective internal controls
over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely, accurate and reliable periodic financial statements could be impaired.
If we do not maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in the accuracy of our
periodic reports filed under the Exchange Act. Additionally, our ability to obtain additional financing could be impaired or a
lack of investor confidence in the reliability and accuracy of our public reporting could cause our stock price to decline. In
the past we have been delinquent in our SEC reporting and have not maintained adequate internal control over financial reporting.
We plan remain current with our filing obligations with the SEC after the filing of this Form 8-K. However, there can be no assurance
that we will be able to do so. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal offices are located at 590 Madison
Ave., 21 st Floor, New York, New York 10022. Our principal office location is a virtual office, which provides us with
the flexibility of using office space on an as-needed basis. Pursuant to our office lease, we pay 89.00 per month on a month-to-month
basis. All of our employees, including our specialized technical staff, are currently working from home or in a virtual environment.
The Company always maintains the ability for our team members to work virtually, and we will continue to work virtually as an organization
for the foreseeable future. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may become involved in
various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent
uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. The Company
had no pending legal proceedings or claims. 

None of our directors, officers, or affiliates
are involved in a proceeding adverse to our business or have a material interest adverse to our business. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

21 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

The Company s common stock is traded
on OTC Markets under the stock symbol SNBH . 

Holders of our Common Stock 

As of April 11, 2023,
there were approximately 132 stockholders of record of our common stock, and 54,580,518 shares of common stock outstanding. This
number does not include shares held by brokerage clearing houses, depositories or others in unregistered form. The stock transfer
agent for our securities is Empire Stock Transfer, Inc., 1859 Whitney Mesa Dr., Henderson, NV 89014. 

Dividends 

The Company has never declared or paid any
cash or stock dividends on its common stock. The Company currently intends to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion
of its business. As a result, the Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans 

The Company presently does not have an equity compensation plan. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On February 15, 2022, the Company
issued an 18 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 60.025 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier of (i) the
closing of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) August 15, 2022. At the note holder s sole election on the maturity
date, the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per share. 

On February 23, 2022, the Company
issued an 18 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 25.025 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier of (i) the
closing of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) August 23, 2022. At the note holder s sole election on the maturity
date, the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per share. 

On March 28, 2022, the Company issued an 18 Promissory
Note in the principal amount of 11.025 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier of (i) the closing of the Company s
next equity financing, or (ii) September 28, 2022. At the note holder s sole election on the maturity date, the note holder may
convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per share. 

On April 11, 2022, the Company
issued an 18 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 8,550 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier of
(i) the closing of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) October 11, 2022. At the note holder s sole election on the
maturity date, the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per
share. 

On April 22, 2022, the Company
issued an 18 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 17,025 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier
of (i) the closing of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) October 22, 2022. At the note holder s sole election on
the maturity date, the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per
share. 

On April 25, 2022, the Company
issued an 18 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 12,525 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier
of (i) the closing of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) October 25, 2022. At the note holder s sole election on
the maturity date, the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per
share. 

On May 9, 2022, the Company
issued an 18 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 15,025 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier
of (i) the closing of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) November 19, 2022. At the note holder s sole election on
the maturity date, the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per
share. 

On May 19, 2022, the Company
issued an 18 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 15,025 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier
of (i) the closing of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) November 19, 2022. At the note holder s sole election on
the maturity date, the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per
share. 

On June 14, 2022, the Company
issued an 18 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 5,025 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier of
(i) the closing of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) December 14, 2022. At the note holder s sole election on the
maturity date, the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per
share. 

On July 12, 2022, the Company issued an 18 
Promissory Note in the principal amount of 1,525 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier of (i) the closing
of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) January 12, 2023. At the note holder s sole election on the maturity
date, the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per
share. 

On July 21, 2022, the Company issued an 18 
Promissory Note in the principal amount of 5,525 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier of (i) the closing
of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) January 21, 2023. At the note holder s sole election on the maturity
date, the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per
share. 

On July 22, 2022, the Company issued an 18 
Promissory Note in the principal amount of 600 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier of (i) the closing
of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) January 22, 2023. At the note holder s sole election on the maturity
date, the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per
share. 

22 

On July 29, 2022, the Company issued an 18 
Promissory Note in the principal amount of 15,525 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier of (i) the closing
of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) January 29, 2023. At the note holder s sole election on the maturity
date, the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per
share. 

On August 12, 2022, the Company issued an 18 
Promissory Note in the principal amount of 20,025 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier of (i) the closing
of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) February 12, 2022. At the note holder s sole election on the maturity
date, the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per
share. 

On August 16, 2022, the Company adopted that
certain Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). On August 19, 2022 the Company filed
a registration statement on Form S-8 (the Form S-8 with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the purpose of
registering under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 5,000,000 shares of common stock issuable under the Plan. 

On August 16, 2022, the Company entered into
a Settlement and Release Agreement with Anthony L.G., PLLC ALG and Laura Anthony, Esq. LA pursuant
to which ALG agreed to forgive 23,000 (the Debt Amount owed by to the Company to ALG for services rendered to the
Company in consideration of an issuance to LA of 400,000 shares of common stock of the Company registered on the Form S-8 pursuant
to the Plan. 

On August 19, 2022, the Company issued a common
share purchase warrant (the Warrant to Adriatic Advisors LLC Adriatic Advisors to purchase 2,750,000
shares of common stock of the Company in consideration for that certain stock pledge and guaranty previously made by Adriatic Advisors
to an accredited investor in connection with the Company s issuance to the accredited investor of senior secured convertible
promissory notes dated April 27, 2021 and November 18, 2021, respectively, in consideration of the accredited investor s
financing of the Company in the aggregate amount of 700,000. The Warrant is exercisable for five (5) years at an exercise price
of 0.60 per share. 

On August 30, 2022, the Company entered into
a Consulting Agreement with a contractor to provide investor relations services in exchange for 100,000 shares of the Company s
common stock. 

On September 15, 2022, the Company issued an 18 
Promissory Note in the principal amount of 11,025 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier of (i) the closing
of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) March 15, 2022. At the note holder s sole election on the maturity
date, the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per
share. 

On October 11, 2022, the Company issued an 18 
Promissory Note in the principal amount of 15,025 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier of (i) the closing
of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) April 11, 2023. At the note holder s sole election on the maturity
date, the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per
share. 

On November 7, 2022, the Company issued an 18 
Promissory Note in the principal amount of 10,025 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier of (i) the closing
of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) May 7, 2022. At the note holder s sole election on the maturity date,
the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per share. 

On November 15, 2022, the Company issued an 18 
Promissory Note in the principal amount of 6,025 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier of (i) the closing
of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) May 15, 2023. At the note holder s sole election on the maturity date,
the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per share. 

On December 16, 2022, the Company issued an 18 
Promissory Note in the principal amount of 18,025 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier of (i) the closing
of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) June 16, 2023. At the note holder s sole election on the maturity date,
the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per share. 

On December 23, 2022, the Company issued an 18 
Promissory Note in the principal amount of 3,025 to an accredited investor. The note matures on the earlier of (i) the closing
of the Company s next equity financing, or (ii) June 23, 2023. At the note holder s sole election on the maturity date,
the note holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.05 per share. 

April 2021 Financing 

On April 27, 2021 (the Issuance Date ),
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor (the April 2021 Investor providing
for the sale by the Company to the April 2021 Investor of a 10 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount
of 315,789 (the April 2021 Note , and, the Financing ). The principal amount of the April 2021 Note
includes an Original Issue Discount of 15,789, resulting in 300,000 in total proceeds received by the Company in the Financing.
In addition to the April 2021 Note, the April 2021 Investor also received 250,000 shares of common stock of the Company (the Commitment
Shares ), and a common share purchase warrant (the April 2021 Warrant , and together with the April 2021 Note
and the Commitment Shares, the Securities to acquire 500,000 shares of common stock of the Company. The April 2021
Warrant is exercisable for five years at an exercise price of 0.60. The closing of the Financing in the amount of 300,000 occurred
on April 27, 2021. 

23 

The April 2021 Note matures 12 months from
the Issuance Date (the Maturity Date ), and interest associated with the April 2021 Note is the higher of 10 per
annum or WSJ Prime plus 7 , which is payable monthly by the Company. The April 2021 Note may be prepaid by the Company in whole
or in part at any time, at 110 of the outstanding principal and accrued interest. The April 2021 Note is convertible at the option
of the April 2021 Investor into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.40 per share (the Fixed Conversion Price provided,
however , that in the event of default by the Company of the April 2021 Note, the Conversion Price will immediately be equal
to the lesser of (i) the Fixed Conversion Price; (ii) seventy five percent (75 of the lowest intraday price of the Company s
common stock during the twenty one (21) consecutive trading day period immediately preceding the trading day that the Company receives
a notice of conversion from the April 2021 Investor or (iii) the discount to market based on a subsequent financing of the Company.
The April 2021 Note and the April 2021 Warrant carry standard anti-dilution provisions. At all times while the April 2021 Note
is outstanding, we agreed to reserve from our authorized but unissued shares of common stock seven (7) times the number of shares
that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the April 2021 Note, and for the initial issuance of the April 2021 Note, 6,000,000
shares of common stock will be reserved. In addition, pursuant to the April 2021 Note we agreed to file a Form 1-A Regulation A
Offering Statement to register the Securities (provided that the Securities may legally be registered on a Form 1-A Regulation
A Offering Statement pursuant to applicable U.S. securities laws and regulations). The April 2021 Note might be accelerated if
an event of default occurs under the terms of the April 2021 Note, including, but not limited to, the Company s failure to
pay principal and interest when due, certain bankruptcy events or if the Company is delinquent in its SEC filings. The April 2021
Note may not be converted and/or exercised by the April 2021 Investor into more than 4.99 of the Company s outstanding common
stock at any point in time; provided, however , that this limitation on conversion may be waived by the April 2021 Investor
up to a maximum of 9.99 . 

If prior to the Maturity Date the Company enters
into a subsequent financing on terms that are more favorable to the investor(s) in the subsequent financing than the terms of the
Financing, then terms of the Financing will be amended to include such better terms so long as the April 2021 Note is outstanding.
In addition, the April 2021 Investor has the right of first refusal on any financing so long as the April 2021 Note is outstanding.
Additionally, the April 2021 Investor has the right to be repaid 100 of the remaining balance of principal and interest under
the April 2021 Note upon the Company closing on a financing or asset sale in the minimum amount of 2,000,000. Further, the April
2021 Investor has the right to participate in any future offering by the Company for a period of 18 months from the Issuance Date
for an amount up to the Financing amount in strict accordance with the terms of such future offering. 

The obligations of the Company under the April
2021 Note constitute a first priority security interest and rank senior with respect to any and all indebtedness of the Company
existing prior to or incurred as of or following the initial Issuance Date. The obligations of the Company under the April 2021
Note are secured pursuant to the Security and Pledge Agreement entered into between the Company and the April 2021 Investor on
the Issuance Date. So long as the Company has any obligation under the April 2021 Note, the Company will not incur or suffer to
exist or guarantee any indebtedness that is senior to or pari passu with the Company s obligations under the April 2021 Note.
The April 2021 Note is secured by (i) the assets of the Company and (ii) 2,752,040 issued and outstanding shares of common stock
of Nukkleus Inc. common stock held by a certain shareholder of the Company (the Pledgor pursuant to a stock pledge
agreement to be entered into between the April 2021 Investor and the Pledgor within two weeks of the Issuance Date. 

The Company claims an exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act for the private placement of these Securities pursuant
to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. The April 2021 Investor
is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. As of the date hereof, the
Company is obligated on 315,789 in face amount of the April 2021 Note issued to the April 2021 Investor. The April 2021 Note is
a debt obligation arising other than in the ordinary course of business which constitutes a direct financial obligation of the
Company. 

24 

The foregoing information is a summary of each
of the agreements involved in the transactions described above, is not complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of those agreements, each of which is attached an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers should review
those agreements for a complete understanding of the terms and conditions associated with this transaction. 

September
2021 Financing 

On
September 23, 2021 (the Issuance Date , the Company issued an 18 Promissory Note in the principal amount
of 125,000 (the September 2021 Note to an accredited investor (the September 2021 Investor ). The
September 2021 Note matures six (6) months from the Issuance Date (the Maturity Date ), and the September 2021 Investor,
at its sole election on the Maturity Date, may convert the interest accrued on the September 2021 Note into shares of common stock
of the Company at 0.05 per share. 

The Company claims
an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act for the private
placement of the September 2021 Note pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated
under the Securities Act. The September 2021 Investor is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated
under the Securities Act. As of the date hereof, the Company is obligated on 125,000 in face amount of the September 2021 Note
issued to the September 2021 Investor. The September 2021 Note is a debt obligation arising other than in the ordinary course of
business which constitutes a direct financial obligation of the Company. 

The foregoing information
is a summary of each of the agreements involved in the transaction described above, is not complete, and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full text of those agreements, each of which is attached an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers
should review those agreements for a complete understanding of the terms and conditions associated with this transaction. 

November 2021 Financing 

On November 18, 2021
(the Issuance Date ), the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor (the November
2021 Investor providing for the sale by the Company to the November 2021 Investor of a 10 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory
Note in the principal amount of 400,000 (the November 2021 Note , and, the Financing ), to be paid
by the November 2021 Investor to the Company in two tranches (each, a Tranche ). The first Tranche consists of a payment
by the November 2021 Investor to the Company on the Issue Date of 200,000, from which the November 2021 Investor retained 5,000
to cover its legal fees. A second Tranche consisting of 200,000 will be paid by the November 2021 Investor to the Company not
later than 30 days after the Issuance Date, resulting in 395,000 in total proceeds to be received by the Company in the Financing.
In addition to the November 2021 Note, the November 2021 Investor also received a common share purchase warrant (the November
2021 Warrant , and together with the November 2021 Note, the Securities to acquire 666,667 shares of common
stock of the Company. The November 2021 Warrant is exercisable for five years at an exercise price of 0.45. The closing of the
Financing in the amount of 400,000 occurred on November 22, 2021. 

The maturity date Maturity Date for each Tranche is at the end of the period that begins from the date each Tranche is paid and ends
12 months thereafter, and interest associated with the November 2021 Note is 10 per annum. The November 2021 Note may be prepaid
by the Company in whole or in part at any time at 105 of the outstanding principal and accrued interest. The November 2021 Note
is convertible at the option of the November 2021 Investor into shares of common stock of the Company at 0.30 per share; provided,
however, that in the event of default by the Company of the November 2021 Note, the Conversion Price will immediately be equal
to the lesser of 22 per annum or the maximum legal amount permitted by law. The November 2021 Note and the November 2021 Warrant
carry standard anti-dilution provisions. At all times while the November 2021 Note is outstanding, the Company agreed to reserve
from its authorized but unissued shares of common stock seven (7) times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full
conversion of the November 2021 Note, resulting in 10,500,000 reserved shares of common stock. The November 2021 Note might be
accelerated if an event of default occurs under the terms of the November 2021 Note, including, but not limited to, the Company s
failure to pay principal and interest when due, certain bankruptcy events, or if the Company is delinquent in its required SEC
filings for 30 consecutive days. The November 2021 Note may not be converted and/or exercised by the November 2021 Investor into
more than 4.99 of the Company s outstanding common stock at any point in time; provided, however, that this limitation
on conversion may be waived by the November 2021 Investor up to a maximum of 9.99 . 

25 

If, prior to the Maturity
Date, the Company enters into a subsequent financing on terms that are more favorable to the investor(s) in the subsequent financing
than the terms of the Financing, then terms of the Financing will be amended to include such better terms so long as the November
2021 Note is outstanding. In addition, the November 2021 Investor has the right of first refusal on any financing so long as the
November 2021 Note is outstanding. Additionally, the November 2021 Investor has the right to be repaid 100 of the remaining balance
of principal and interest under the November 2021 Note from the net cash proceeds of any future financing closed on by the Company,
provided, however, that the repayment obligation will not be applicable to the first 2,000,000 of cash proceeds in the aggregate
generated by the Company from any future financing proceeds. Further, the November 2021 Investor has the right to participate in
any future offering by the Company for a period of 18 months from the Issuance Date for an amount up to the Financing amount in
strict accordance with the terms of such future offering. 

The obligations of
the Company under the November 2021 Note constitute a first priority security interest and rank senior with respect to any and
all indebtedness of the Company existing prior to or incurred as of or following the initial Issuance Date. The obligations of
the Company under the November 2021 Note are secured pursuant to the Security and Pledge Agreement entered into between the Company
and the November 2021 Investor on the Issuance Date. So long as the Company has any obligation under the November 2021 Note, the
Company will not incur or suffer to exist or guarantee any indebtedness that is senior to the Company s obligations under
the November 2021 Note. The November 2021 Note is secured by the assets of the Company. 

The Company claims
an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act for the private
placement of these Securities pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under
the Securities Act. The November 2021 Investor is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under
the Securities Act. As of the date hereof, the Company is obligated on 400,000 in face amount of the November 2021 Note issued
to the November 2021 Investor. The November 2021 Note is a debt obligation arising other than in the ordinary course of business
which constitutes a direct financial obligation of the Company. 

The foregoing information
is a summary of each of the agreements involved in the transactions described above, is not complete, and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full text of those agreements, each of which is attached an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers
should review those agreements for a complete understanding of the terms and conditions associated with this transaction. 

The offers, sales, and issuances of the securities
described above were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended and/or Rule 506 as promulgated under Regulation D as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering.
The recipients of securities in each of these transactions acquired the securities for investment only and not with a view to or
for sale in connection with any distribution thereof and appropriate legends were affixed to the securities issued in these transactions.
Each of the recipients of securities in these transactions was an accredited or sophisticated person and had adequate access, through
employment, business or other relationships, to information about us. 

The foregoing information is a summary of each
of the agreements involved in the transactions described above, is not complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of those agreements, each of which is attached an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers should review
those agreements for a complete understanding of the terms and conditions associated with this transaction. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The Company has not
repurchased its securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As the Company is a Smaller Reporting Company (as defined by Rule
229.10(f)(1)), the Company is not required to provide the information under this item. 

26 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the
notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below
includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Unless otherwise indicated, references to the
 Company, us or we refer to Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements 

All statements other
than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements under Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy
and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Form 10-K,
words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend 
and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management.
Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors,
including those set forth under the risk factors and business sections in this Form 10-K. 

Overview 

Sentient Brands is a next-level product development
and brand management company with a focus on building innovative brands in the Luxury and Premium Market space. The Company has
a Direct-to Consumer business model focusing on the integration of CBD, wellness and beauty for conscious consumers. The Company
incorporates an omnichannel approach in its marketing strategies to ensure that its products are accessible across both digital
and retail channels. The Company develops and nurtures Lifestyle Brands with carefully thought-out ingredients, packaging, fragrance
and design. Sentient Brands leadership team has extensive experience in building world-class brands such as Hugo Boss, Victoria s
Secret, Versace, and Bath Body Works. The Company is focused on two key market segments targeting: wellness and responsible
luxury, which the Company believes represent unique opportunities for its Oeuvre product line. Sentient Brands intends to leverage
its in-house innovation capabilities to launch new products that disrupt adjacent product categories. We plan to
grow by leveraging our deep connections within our existing network and attract consumers through increased brand awareness and
investing in unique social media marketing. The Company s goal is to create customer experiences that have sustainable resonance
with consumers and consistently implement strategies that result in long-term profit growth for our investors. 

Principal Products and Services 

All of our proprietary formulations contain
clean, vegan, ethically and environmentally responsible ingredients. The Company currently has one main product line, and another
in development. The Company s current active product line is Oeuvre. 

Oeuvre 

Oeuvre - A Body of
Art is a next generation CBD luxury skin care line and lifestyle brand. The foundation of our system of
products is our proprietary OE Complex: Botanicals + Gemstones + Full flower Hemp infused formulation. Each product in the Oeuvre
Artistry Collection optimizes three functions: cellular energy, moisture balance, and nutrient utilization. Four products comprise
the Oeuvre collection: 

Purifying Exfoliator 

Replenishing Facial Oil 

Ultra-Nourishing Face Cream 

Revitalizing Eye Cream 

27 

Drawing inspiration from petals, leaves, roots,
minerals and gemstones, Oeuvre celebrates the artistry of well-being and beauty, inside and out. Oeuvre products
are non-toxic, ungendered products made with zero GMO, retinyl palmitate, petroleum, mineral oil, parabens, sulfates, and synthetic
colors. 

Oeuvre Target Market 

Oeuvre is our luxury segment product
line. With Oeuvre , we are targeting a large and influential consumer class of individuals that are HENRYs 
 High-Earners-Not-Rich-Yet. They have discretionary income and are highly likely to be wealthy in the future. HENRYs earn
between 100,000 and 250,000 annually. They are digitally fluent, love online shopping online, and are big discretionary spenders.
Therefore, ouvreskincare.com offers inclusive, aspirationally affordable luxury products positioned for them. 

We believe the benefit of onboarding this demographic
to Oeuvre are twofold: securing valuable present customers and building relationships and business with those
most likely to be amongst the most affluent consumers in the future. By the year 2025, Millennials and Generation Z will represent
more than 40 of the overall luxury goods market, according to a 2019 report published by Boston Consulting Group. We seek to target
such group for the sale of our Oeuvre products. 

On social media, we target the following audiences
for our Oeuvre brand: 

Women aged 30+ 

Luxury Skincare Enthusiasts 

CBD Enthusiasts 

Crystal Lovers 

Wellness Audience 

Makeup Artists 

Art 

Beauty 

Influencers 

Bloggers 

Suppliers 

The Company has several third-party suppliers
and is not reliant on any particular supplier for its product offerings. Many of our products contain CBD derived from industrial
hemp or cannabis which we obtain from third parties. Hemp cultivation can be impacted by weather patterns and other natural events,
but we have not yet faced any supply issues to date with obtaining raw materials for our products. 

Distribution 

We have two primary methods through which we
sell our products: 

1. 
 Direct to Consumer online e-commerce platform 

2. 
 Wholesale partners 

Marketing Strategy 

We support our brand launches through social
media and marketing campaigns, including utilizing influencers. Marketing and public relations firms are engaged by the Company
to spearhead its launch of Oeuvre, and will likely be engaged for our future planned brand launches as well. 

Growth Strategies 

To grow our company, Sentient Brands intends
to: 

28 

Create a leading consumer packaged goods company; 

Partner with established distributers and retailers; 

Focus on operational excellence and product quality; and 

Establish ongoing communication with the capital markets 

Our mission is to create the next generation
of CBD/THC consumer brands. The Company believes it has assembled a highly accomplished team of branding and marketing professionals
who have a combined experience and track record of successfully launching and operating major brands in the consumer market space,
which the Company believes will provide it with it a competitive edge in its industry. 

M A Strategy 

In Q3 2022, the
Company launched an M A strategy to identify high-margin, revenue generating businesses within above-average growth potential
industry sectors as potential acquisition targets. 

Customers 

The Company launched its Oeuvre product
line in the fourth quarter of 2021. The Company s sales channels are direct to consumer and wholesale. 

Intellectual Property 

The Company s Oeuvre brand is
trademarked in the United States, with a European trademark application pending. The Company expects to rely on trade secrets
and proprietary know-how protection for our confidential and proprietary information, however we have not yet taken security
measures to protect this information. 

Competition 

We have experienced, and expect to continue
to experience, intense competition from a number of companies. 

The current market for hemp-derived CBD products
is highly competitive, consisting of publicly-trade and privately-owned companies, many of which are more adequately capitalized
than the Company. The Company s current publicly listed competitors include Charlotte s Web, CV Sciences, Elixinol,
Abacus, and Green Growth Brands, and private companies such as BeBoe, St. Jane. Mary s, Lord Jones, Bluebird Folium Biosciences,
Global Cannabinoids, and Pure Kana. In addition, public and private U.S. and Canadian companies have entered the hemp-derived CBD
consumer market or have announced plans to do so. This market is highly fragmented, and according to the Hemp Business Journal,
the vast majority of industry participants generate less than 2 million in annual revenue. We see this an opportunity to create
a foothold in the CBD consumer marketplace with the goal of building Sentient Brands as a major brand name in this space. 

Industry Overview 

The market for products based on extracts of
hemp and cannabis, is expected to grow substantially over the coming years. Arcview Market Research and BDS Analytics are forecasting
the combined market to reach nearly 45 billion within the U.S. in the year 2024. While much of this market is expected to be comprised
of high potency THC-based products that will be sold in licensed dispensaries, certain research firms are still predicting the
market to grow to 5.3 billion, 12.6 billion, and 2.2 billion by 2024 in the product areas of low THC cannabinoids, THC-free
Cannabinoids and pharmaceutical cannabinoids, respectively. 

On December 20, 2018, President Donald J. Trump
signed into law the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, otherwise known as the Farm Bill. Prior to its passage,
hemp, a member of the cannabis family, and hemp-derived CBD were classified as a Schedule I controlled substances, and illegal
under the Controlled Substances Act CSA ). Under Section 10113 of the Farm Bill, hemp cannot contain more than 0.3
percent THC. THC refers to the chemical compound found in cannabis that produces the psychoactive high associated
with cannabis. Any cannabis plant that contains more than 0.3 percent THC would be considered non-hemp cannabis or marijuana under
federal law and thus would face no legal protection under this new legislation and would be an illegal Schedule 1 drug under the
CSA. 

With the passage of the Farm Bill, hemp cultivation
is broadly permitted. The Farm Bill explicitly allows the transfer of hemp-derived products across state lines for commercial or
other purposes. It also puts no restrictions on the sale, transport, or possession of hemp-derived products, so long as those items
are produced in a manner consistent with the law. 

29 

Recent Developments 

Covid-19 

A novel strain of coronavirus Covid-19 emerged globally in December 2019 and was declared a pandemic. The extent to which Covid-19 will impact our customers, business,
results and financial condition will depend on current and future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted
at this time. While the Company s day-to-day operations beginning March 2020 through the 2022 fiscal year were impacted,
we suffered less immediate impact as most of our staff works remotely and continues to develop our product offerings. 

On April 18, 2020, the Company, through its
subsidiary Jaguaring Company, entered into a Paycheck Protection Program Promissory Note and Agreement with KeyBank National Association,
pursuant to which the Company received loan proceeds of 231,500 (the PPP Loan ). The PPP Loan was made under, and
was subject to the terms and conditions of, the PPP which was established under the CARES Act and is administered by the U.S. Small
Business Administration. The term of the PPP Loan was two years with a maturity date of April 18, 2022 and contained a favorable
fixed annual interest rate of 1.00 . Payments of principal and interest on the PPP Loan were deferred for the first six months
of the term of the PPP Loan until November 18, 2020. Principal and interest are payable monthly and may be prepaid by the Company
at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. Under the terms of the CARES Act, recipients can apply for and receive
forgiveness for all or a portion of loans granted under the PPP. Such forgiveness will be determined, subject to limitations, based
on the use of loan proceeds for certain permissible purposes as set forth in the PPP, including, but not limited to, payroll costs
(as defined under the PPP) and mortgage interest, rent or utility costs (collectively, Qualifying Expenses ), and
on the maintenance of employee and compensation levels during the eight-week period following the funding of the PPP Loan. The
Company used the proceeds of the PPP Loan, for Qualifying Expenses. On December 8, 2021, the Company received notification from
Key Bank that our forgiveness application was approved in full by the Small Business Administration, or SBA. 

Government Regulation 

The United States Food Drug Administration FDA is generally responsible for protecting the public health by ensuring the safety, efficacy, and security of
(1) prescription and over the counter drugs; (2) biologics including vaccines, blood and blood products, and cellular and gene
therapies; (3) foodstuffs including dietary supplements, bottled water, and baby formula; and (4) medical devices including heart
pacemakers, surgical implants, prosthetics, and dental devices. 

Regarding its regulation of drugs, the FDA
process requires a review that begins with the filing of an investigational new drug (IND) application, with follow on clinical
studies and clinical trials that the FDA uses to determine whether a drug is safe and effective, and therefore subject to approval
for human use by the FDA. 

Aside from the FDA s mandate to regulate
drugs, the FDA also regulates dietary supplement products and dietary ingredients under the Dietary Supplement Health and Education
Act of 1994. This law prohibits manufacturers and distributors of dietary supplements and dietary ingredients from marketing products
that are adulterated or misbranded. This means that these firms are responsible for evaluating the safety and labeling of their
products before marketing to ensure that they meet all the requirements of the law and FDA regulations, including, but not limited
to the following labeling requirements: (1) identifying the supplement; (2) nutrition labeling; (3) ingredient labeling; (4) claims;
and (5) daily use information. 

The FDA has not approved cannabis, marijuana,
hemp or derivatives as a safe and effective drug for any indication. As of the date of this filing, we have not, and do not intend
to file an Investigational New Drug Application (IND) with the FDA, concerning any of our products that contain CBD derived from
industrial hemp or cannabis. Further, our products containing CBD derived from industrial hemp are not marketed or sold using claims
that their use is safe and effective treatment for any medical condition subject to the FDA s jurisdiction. 

30 

Government Approvals 

The Company does not currently require any
government approvals for its operations or product offerings. In August 2019, the DEA affirmed that CBD preparations at or below
the 0.3 percent delta-9 THC threshold, is not a controlled substance, and a DEA registration is not required. As a result of the
2018 Farm Bill, the FDA has been tasked with developing CBD regulations. The FDA has not yet published regulations. 

Research and Development 

We are continuously in the process of identifying
and/or developing potential new products to offer to our customers. Our expenditures on research and development have historically
been small and immaterial compared to our other business expenditures. We are currently developing new formulations for additional
product lines. 

Employees 

We believe that our success depends upon our
ability to attract, develop and retain key personnel. We currently employ two full-time employees. The Company otherwise currently
relies on the services of independent contractors. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and management
considers relations with our employees to be in good standing. Although we continually seek to add additional talent to our work
force, management believes that it currently has sufficient human capital to operate its business successfully. 

Our compensation programs are designed to align
the compensation of our employees with our performance and to provide the proper incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees
to achieve superior results. The structure of our compensation programs balances incentive earnings for both short-term and long-term
performance. 

The health and safety of our employees is our
highest priority, and this is consistent with our operating philosophy. Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, employees, including
our specialized technical staff, are working from home or in a virtual environment unless they have a requirement to be in the
office for short-term tasks and projects. 

The primary mailing address for the Company is 590 Madison Avenue,
21 st Floor, New York, New York 10022. The Company s telephone number is (646) 202-2897. The Company s website
is www.sentientbrands.com. 

Going Concern 

We have a limited
operating history, and our continued growth is dependent upon the continuation of selling our products to our customers; hence
generating revenues and obtaining additional financing to fund future obligations and pay liabilities arising from normal business
operations. We had an accumulated deficit of 3,055,646 at December 31, 2022. The report of our independent registered public accounting
firm on our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 contained an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability
to continue as a going concern based upon cash used in operating activities and the current cash balance cannot be projected to
cover the operating expenses for the next twelve months from the release date of this report. These factors, among others, raised
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. There are no assurances we will be successful
in our efforts to generate significant revenues or report profitable operations or to continue as a going concern, in which event
investors would lose their entire investment in our company. 

Our ability to continue
as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to carry out our business plan, achieve profitable operations, obtain additional
working capital funds from our significant shareholders, and or through debt and equity financings. However, there can be no assurance
that any additional financings will be available to us on satisfactory terms and conditions, if any. 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability or classification of asset-carrying amounts or
the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

31 

Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates 

Our discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated
financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We continually evaluate our estimates, including those
related to bad debts, recovery of long-lived assets, income taxes and the valuation of equity transactions. 

We base our estimates
on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Any future changes to these estimates and assumptions could cause a material change to our reported amounts
of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of the consolidated financial statements. 

Revenue Recognition 

We recognize revenue
when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or products have been sold, the purchase price is fixed
or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. 

We sell CBD-infused
products to our customers. Our customers place orders for our products pursuant to their purchase orders and we are paid by our
customers pursuant to our invoices. Each invoice calls for a fixed payment in a fixed period of time. We recognize revenue by selling
our products under our customers purchase orders and our related invoices to our customers. Revenue related to the sales
of our products to our customers is recognized as the products are sold and amounts are paid, using the straight-line method over
the term of the sales transaction. Prepayments, if any, received from customers prior to the products being delivered are recorded
as advance from customers. In these cases, when the products are sold, the amount recorded as advance from customers is recognized
as revenue. 

Income Taxes 

We are governed by
the income tax laws of the United States. Income taxes are accounted for pursuant to ASC 740 Accounting for Income Taxes, 
which is an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected
future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. The charge for taxes is
based on the results for the period as adjusted for items, which are non-assessable or disallowed. It is calculated using tax rates
that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. 

Deferred tax is accounted
for using the balance sheet liability method in respect of temporary differences arising from differences between the carrying
amount of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used in the computation of assessable
tax profit. In principle, deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, and deferred tax assets
are recognized to the extent that it is probably that taxable profit will be available against which deductible temporary differences
can be utilized. 

Deferred tax is calculated
using tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized, or the liability is settled. Deferred tax
is charged or credited in the income statement, except when it is related to items credited or charged directly to equity, in which
case the deferred tax is changed to equity. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when they related to income taxes levied
by the same taxation authority and we intend to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis. 

Stock-based Compensation 

Stock based compensation is accounted for based
on the requirements of the Share-Based Payment topic of Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718 which requires
recognition in the financial statements of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for an award of equity
instruments over the period the employee or director is required to perform the services in exchange for the award. The Accounting
Standards Codification also requires measurement of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for an award
based on the grant-date fair value of the award. 

32 

Pursuant to ASC Topic 505-50, for share-based
payments to consultants and other third-parties, compensation expense is determined at the measurement date. The
expense is recognized over the period of services or the vesting period, whichever is applicable. Until the measurement date is
reached, the total amount of compensation expense remains uncertain. We record compensation expense based on the fair value of
the award at the reporting date. The awards to consultants and other third parties are then revalued, or the total compensation
is recalculated based on the then current fair value, at each subsequent reporting date. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2016, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-15, Statement
of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. This ASU addresses the classification of
certain specific cash flow issues including debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, settlement of certain debt instruments, contingent
consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of certain insurance claims and distributions
received from equity method investees. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods
within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments
in the same period. We are currently evaluating the impact it may have on our consolidated financial statements. 

Other accounting standards
that have been issued or proposed by FASB that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption. We do not discuss recent pronouncements that are not anticipated
to have an impact on or are unrelated to our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or disclosures. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Comparison of Results of Operations for
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Revenue 

We did not generate
significant revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Operating Expenses 

For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Advertising and Marketing 
 20,816 
 4,874 
 
 General and Administrative 
 93,250 
 57,632 
 
 Legal and Professional 
 336,660 
 293,070 
 
 Office rent 
 2,043 
 1,190 
 
 Management Fees 
 70,571 
 159,000 
 
 Product development cost 
 
 6,343 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
 523,340 
 522,109 

Our advertising and marketing expense mainly includes our costs of branding, design and materials. The increase of 15,942 was primarily due to the increased use of samples to promote the product which we did not incur in 2021. 

Professional fees primarily consisted of the following: 

33 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Accounting and Auditing 
 46,245 
 33,700 
 
 Other advisory Services 
 171,000 
 141,638 
 
 Legal Fees 
 59,196 
 109,732 
 
 Social Media Consulting 
 60,219 
 8,000 

336,660 
 293,070 

Professional fees as a whole increased by 43,590 or 15 primarily due to increased accounting fees of approximately 12,500, increased social media consultants of approximately 52,000 and increased advisory services of approximately 30,000. These increases were offset by a decrease in legal fees of approximately 50,000. 

Management fees primarily consisted of compensation of our Chief Operating officer and Chief Marketing Officer, and the President of our wholly owned subsidiary, Cannavolve. Compared to the previous year Management fees decreased by approximately 90,000 primarily due to the departure of one of our management staff members. During the third quarter of 2022, the remaining members waived any fees until the Company is more stable financially. 

Our general and administrative costs have also increased by 35,618 or 62 compared to the previous year primarily due to increased warehouse fees for our product, SEC filing fees and travel and other costs associated with fund raising and other strategic matters related to the future of our Company. 

Income (Loss)
from Operations 

As a result of the foregoing, for the year
ended December 31, 2022, loss from operations amounted to 522,883, as compared to loss from operations of 521,451 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

Other Income (Expense) 

Other income (expense) was 211,854) for the
year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 154,429 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The variance was due to income from the
forgiveness of the PPP loan of 231,500 during 2021. The expense in 2022 is entirely related to interest expense. Interest expense
for the year 2021 totaled 77,071. The increased interest expense in 2022 reflects our increased funding as we pursue our strategy. 

Income Taxes 

We did not have any
income taxes expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Net Income (Loss) 

Net loss for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 734,737 and 367,022, respectively. The increase in Net Loss was primarily due to the recognition
of 231,500 other income due the forgiveness of PPP during 2021 and the increased interest expense during 2022. 

Liquidity and
Capital Resources 

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared using generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States of America GAAP applicable for a going concern, which assumes that the Company will realize
its assets and discharge its liabilities in the ordinary course of business. 

34 

To the extent we are
successful in growing our business both organically and through acquisition, we continue to plan our working capital and the proceeds
of any financing to finance such acquisition costs. 

Liquidity is the ability
of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations and otherwise operate on an
ongoing basis. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash balance of approximately 1,048 and 96,198, respectively. These funds
are kept in financial institutions located in United States. 

Cash flows from Operating Activities 

Operating activities used 312,730 in cash
the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared with 751,272 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our net loss of 734,737 is the
main component of our negative operating cash flow in 2021. This was offset by an increase in accounts payable of 370,897 and
a decrease in inventory of 20,765. Also included in the net loss number were non-cash expenses related to depreciation of 4,163
and stock issued for services rendered of 26,182. In 2021 our net loss of 367,022 further increased by the non-cash income of
 231,500 loan forgiveness added by increase in accounts inventory 258,781, offset mainly by decrease in advances to supplier 154,893. 

Cash flows from Investing Activities 

There are no Investing activities in for the
year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Cash flows from Financing Activities 

Cash flows provided by financing activities
during the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 217,580 as compared with 779,423 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our
positive cash flow in 2022 consisted of net proceeds from short term loans of 217,580. Our positive cash flow in 2021 consisted
of net proceeds from convertible notes 695,078 and short term loans net proceeds of 83,245. 

We will need to raise
additional funds, particularly if we are unable to generate positive cash flow as a result of our operations. We estimate that
based on current plans and assumptions, that our available cash will be insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements under our
present operating expectations. Other than working capital and advance received from related parties and funds received pursuant
to securities purchase agreements, we presently have no other significant alternative source of working capital. We have used these
funds to fund our operating expenses, pay our obligations and grow our company. We will need to raise significant additional capital
to fund our operations and to provide working capital for our ongoing operations and obligations. Therefore, our future operation
is dependent on our ability to secure additional financing. Financing transactions may include the issuance of equity or debt securities,
obtaining credit facilities, or other financing mechanisms. However, the trading price of our common stock and a downturn in the
U.S. equity and debt markets could make it more difficult to obtain financing through the issuance of equity or debt securities.
Even if we are able to raise the funds required, it is possible that we could incur unexpected costs and expenses or experience
unexpected cash requirements that would force us to seek alternative financing. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity or debt
securities, stockholders may experience additional dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges
senior to those of existing holders of our common stock. The inability to obtain additional capital may restrict our ability to
grow and may reduce our ability to continue to conduct business operations. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we
will be required to cease our operations. To date, we have not considered this alternative, nor do we view it as a likely occurrence. 

Going Concern 

The Company s
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and settlement of
liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net
loss of 737,737. The Company had an accumulated deficit of 3,055,646 as of December 31, 2022. These factors, among others, raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

35 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The financial statements begin on Page F-1. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports filed under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or 1934 Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the principal executive
officer and the principal financial officer (principal financial officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13(a)-15(e) under the 1934 Act, as of the end of the period covered
by this report. Based on this evaluation, because of the Company s limited resources and limited number of employees, management
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting
is designed to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial
statements of the Company in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

With the participation of our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on our
evaluation and the material weaknesses described below, management concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the COSO framework criteria. Management has identified control
deficiencies as follows: 

The Company has not established adequate financial reporting monitoring activities to mitigate the risk of management override, specifically because there are few employees and only two officers with management functions and therefore there is lack of segregation of duties. 

36 

There is a strong reliance on outside consultants to review and adjust the annual and quarterly financial statements, to monitor new accounting principles, and to ensure compliance with GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. 

There is a strong reliance on the external attorneys to review and edit the annual and quarterly filings and to ensure compliance with SEC disclosure requirements. 

A formal audit committee has not been formed. 

Management of the Company believes that these
material weaknesses are due to the small size of the Company s accounting staff and reliance on outside consultants for external
reporting. The small size of the Company s accounting staff may prevent adequate controls in the future, such as segregation
of duties, due to the cost/benefit of such remediation. 

To mitigate the current limited resources and
limited employees, we rely heavily on direct management oversight of transactions, along with the use of legal and outside accounting
consultants. As we grow, we expect to increase our number of employees, which will enable us to implement adequate segregation
of duties within the internal control framework. 

These control deficiencies could result in
a misstatement of account balances that would result in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement to our consolidated
financial statements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Accordingly, we have determined that these control deficiencies
as described above together constitute a material weakness. 

In light of this material weakness, we performed
additional analyses and procedures in order to conclude that our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2022 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were fairly stated in accordance with US GAAP. Accordingly, management believes
that despite our material weaknesses, our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 are fairly stated,
in all material respects, in accordance with US GAAP. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 

Our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures
or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their
costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include, but
are not limited to, the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple
error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more
people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals
under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control
system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

37 

Changes in Internal Controls 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, there
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to
materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

On June 3, 2022, James Mansour and the Company
mutually terminated the Executive Consulting Agreement (the Mansour Agreement Termination previously entered into
between the Company and Mr. Mansour on January 8, 2020 (the Mansour Agreement ). As of the date of the Mansour Agreement
Termination, the Company accrued Mr. Mansour s unpaid fees under the Mansour Agreement totaling 85,000 (the Outstanding
Amount The Outstanding Amount is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the balance sheet at
December 31, 2022. In addition, as a result of and in connection with the Mansour Agreement Termination, pursuant to the terms
of the Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement (the RSPA entered into between Mr. Mansour and the Company concurrently
with the Mansour Agreement, no unvested shares of common stock vest to Mr. Mansour subsequent to the Mansour Agreement Termination.
Accordingly, any vesting of shares of common stock pursuant to the RSPA ceased as of the date of the Mansour Agreement Termination,
resulting in the total number of shares of common stock vested to Mr. Mansour of 628,598 as of the date of the Mansour Agreement
Termination. 

On June 20, 2022, Dante Jones was appointed
as the Interim Chief Executive Officer, Interim President, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Interim Treasurer and Interim Secretary
of the Company. Mr. Jones replaced George Furlan who resigned as the Interim Chief Executive Officer, Interim President, Interim
Chief Financial Officer, Interim Treasurer and Interim Secretary and as a director of the Company on June 20, 2022. Effective as
of his June 20, 2022 resignation as interim executive officer and director, Mr. Furlan is no longer a member of the Board of Directors
of the Company and Mr. Jones is the sole director of the Company. Mr. Furlan will continue to serve as the Chief Operating Officer
of the Company, which he has served as since December 26, 2019. Mr. Furlan s resignation as interim executive officer and
director was not the result of any disagreements with management. Mr. Jones has served as a director of the Company since February
14, 2020. 

On August 16, 2022, the Company adopted that
certain Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). On August 19, 2022, the Company filed
a registration statement on Form S-8 (the Form S-8 with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the purpose of
registering under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 5,000,000 shares of common stock issuable under the Plan. 

On November 17, 2022 (the Dismissal
Date ), the Company advised Boyle CPA, LLC (the Former Auditor that it was dismissed as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm. The decision to dismiss the Former Auditor as the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm was approved by the Company s Board of Directors. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 and through the Dismissal Date, the Company has not had any disagreements with the Former Auditor on any matter of accounting
principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to
the Former Auditor s satisfaction, would have caused them to make reference thereto in their reports on the Company s
financial statements for such years. 

Except as set forth below, during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and through the Dismissal Date, the reports of the Former Auditor on the Company s financial
statements did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, and such reports were not qualified or modified as to
uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principle, except that the reports contained a paragraph stating there was substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Former Auditor
furnished us with a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC stating that it agreed with
the above statements. A copy of this letter was attached as Exhibit 16.1 to the Form 8-K which we filed with the SEC on November
18, 2022. 

On November 17, 2022, (the Engagement
Date ), the Company engaged Victor Mokuolu, CPA PLLC New Auditor as its independent registered public accounting
firm for the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The decision to engage the New Auditor as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm was approved by the Company s Board of Directors. 

38 

During the two most
recent fiscal years and through the Engagement Date, the Company has not consulted with the New Auditor regarding either: 

1. 
 application of accounting principles to any specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements, and neither a written report was provided to the Company nor oral advice was provided that the New Auditor concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to the accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue; or 

2. 
 any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement (as defined in Regulation S-K, Item 304(a)(1)(iv) and the related instructions) or reportable event (as defined in Regulation S-K, Item 304(a)(1)(v)). 

On November 21, 2022, the Board of Directors
of the Company terminated James Mansour as the Chief Marketing Officer of the Company. 

The foregoing information
is a summary of each of the matters described above, is not complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the exhibits, each of which is attached an exhibit to this Form 10-K Annual Report. Readers should review those exhibits
for a complete understanding of the terms and conditions associated with this matter. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth the names and
positions of our current executive officers and directors as of April 11, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Dante Jones 
 
 42 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer, Interim President, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Interim Treasurer, Interim Secretary, and Director 
 
 George Furlan 
 
 66 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Background of Executive Officers and Directors 

Dante Jones, Interim Chief Executive
Officer, Interim President Interim Chief Financial Officer, Interim Treasurer, Interim Secretary, Chief Operations Officer, and
Director 

Dante Jones was appointed as a Director of
the Company on February 14, 2020. On June 20, 2022, Mr. Jones was appointed as the Interim Chief Executive Officer, Interim President,
Interim Chief Financial Officer, Interim Treasurer and Interim Secretary of the Company. As of June 20, 2022, Mr. Jones is the
sole director of the Company. Mr. Jones co-founded Cannavolve in 2012 with the mission to incubate businesses and accelerate fellow
cannabis industry entrepreneurs to invent, innovate and succeed. Mr. Jones brings 15 years of experience in project management,
leadership and budgeting, while delivering results across global teams. Mr. Jones has served as Cannavolve s President since
2012. From 2014 to 2017, Mr. Jones worked as a Technology Manager at Amazon.com, Inc., managing a large global team in designing
and deploying new eCommerce for the AWS Cloud. 

39 

George Furlan, Chief Operating Officer 

George Furlan was appointed as the Company s
Chief Operating Officer on December 26, 2019, and, on February 14, 2020, Mr. Furlan was appointed as the Company s Interim
Chief Executive Officer, Interim President, and Interim Chief Financial Officer, Interim Treasurer, and Interim Secretary. Additionally,
On May 28, 2020, Mr. Furlan was appointed as a Director of the Company. On June 20, 2022, Mr. Furlan resigned as the Interim Chief
Executive Officer, Interim President, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Interim Treasurer and Interim Secretary and as a director
of the Company. Effective as of his June 20, 2022 resignation as interim executive officer and director, Mr. Furlan is no longer
a member of the Board of Directors of the Company Mr. Furlan continues to serve as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company,
which he has served as since December 26, 2019. Mr. Furlan s resignation as interim executive officer and director was not
the result of any disagreements with management. Mr. Furlan brings more than 20 years of experience in building and expanding early
stage, mid-tier and global brands. In his role as COO of the Company, Mr. Furlan is responsible for managing the day-to-day operations
of the Company. Mr. Furlan has held senior positions with Hugo Boss and Versace. From 2014 to 2019, Mr. Furlan served as a Principal
of GF Partners, Inc., a consulting service to fashion businesses. Prior to joining GF Partners, Inc. in 2014, Mr. Furlan served
as president of NAHM Apparel, LLC, a women s young designer fashion company, which was backed by Mr. Tommy Hilfiger. He built
the organization s infrastructure, guided the successful global launch and lead sales and marketing efforts for U.S. and
Canadian and global markets. 

Officers are elected annually by the Board
of Directors (subject to the terms of any employment agreement), at its annual meeting, to hold such office until an officer s
successor has been duly appointed and qualified, unless an officer sooner dies, resigns or is removed by the Board. 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Our Board of Directors Board is primarily responsible for overseeing our risk management processes on behalf of the Company. The Board receives and reviews
periodic reports from management, auditors, legal counsel, and others, as considered appropriate regarding our company s
assessment of risks. In addition, the Board focuses on the most significant risks facing our company and our company s general
risk management strategy, and also ensures that risks undertaken by our company are consistent with the board s appetite
for risk. While the Board oversees our company s risk management, management is responsible for day-to-day risk management
processes. We believe this division of responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing the risks facing our company
and that our board leadership structure supports this approach. 

Composition of our Board of Directors 

Our board of directors currently consists of
two members. Our present directors and our former directors are not considered independent. Our directors hold office until their
successors have been elected and qualified or until the earlier of their death, resignation, or removal. There are no family relationships
among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To our knowledge, our directors and executive
officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. 
 being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

4. 
 being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a Federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 being subject of, or a party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

6. 
 being subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

40 

Code of Ethics 

The Company has a code of ethics that applies
to all of the Company s employees, including its principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting
officer, and the Board. A copy of this code is available in the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed with
the SEC on April 17, 2006. The Company intends to disclose any changes in or waivers from its code of ethics by posting such information
on its website or by filing a Form 8-K. 

Nominating Committee 

We have not adopted any procedures by which
security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. 

Audit Committee 

The Board of Directors acts as the Audit Committee
and the Board has no separate committees. The Company has no qualified financial expert at this time because it has not been able
to hire a qualified candidate. Further, the Company believes that it has inadequate financial resources at this time to hire such
an expert. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Our directors and executive officers are indemnified
as provided by the California law and our Bylaws. These provisions state that our directors may cause us to indemnify a director
or former director against all costs, charges and expenses, including an amount paid to settle an action or satisfy a judgment,
actually and reasonably incurred by him as a result of him acting as a director. The indemnification of costs can include an amount
paid to settle an action or satisfy a judgment. Such indemnification is at the discretion of our board of directors and is subject
to the Securities and Exchange Commission s policy regarding indemnification. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities
arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing
provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification
is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, requires our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than
10 of our common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and
other of our equity securities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our officers, directors and 10 stockholders made the
required filings pursuant to Section 16(a). 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive Officers Compensation 

The following summary compensation table sets
forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid by the Company during the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, in all capacities for the accounts of our executive officers, including the Chief
Executive Officer. 

41 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary 
 Stock Award 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Change in Pension Value and Non- Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 

) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 

George Furlan, 
 2021 
 84,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 84,000 
 
 Interim CEO, Interim President, Interim CFO, and COO 
 2022 
 16,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 16,000 

James Mansour, CMO 
 2021 
 60,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 60,000 

2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

The following table sets forth the cash and
non-cash compensation for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, awarded to or earned by Mr. Jones, Cannavolve s
principal executive officer. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary 
 Stock Award 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Change in Pension Value and Non- Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 

) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Dante Jones, 
 2021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 President 
 2022 
 0 
 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table 

The Company did not issue equity awards during the year ended December
31, 2022. 

Employment Agreements 

George Furlan 

On December 26, 2019 (the Effective
Date ), the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with George Furlan to engage his services as Chief Operating Officer
of the Company pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay Mr. Furlan a base salary of 60,000 per year. The Employment Agreement
had a term of three years from the Effective Date, and expired on December 26, 2022. On the Effective Date, Mr. Furlan also entered
into a Restricted Stock Agreement to purchase 718,403 shares of the Company s Common Stock at 0.01186 per share (the Furlan
Shares ), subject to vesting, for an aggregate purchase price of 8,520.26. The Furlan Shares have all vested as of December
31, 2022. Mr. Furlan has not entered into a new employment agreement with the Company since the expiration of the Employment Agreement.
Mr. Furlan continues to serve as our Chief Operating Officer. 

42 

Grants of Plan Based Awards 

We did not make any plan-based equity or non-equity
awards grants to named executives during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Option Exercises 

There were no options exercised by our named
officers during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Compensation of Directors 

We have no non-executive directors. Our directors
did not earn compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

There are no arrangements or plans in which
we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit sharing
plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock
options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. 

Executive Compensation Philosophy 

Our Board of Directors determines the compensation
given to our executive officers in their sole determination. Our Board of Directors reserves the right to pay our executives or
any future executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock issued in consideration for services rendered and/or to
award incentive bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s performance.
This package may also include long-term stock-based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance
of our executives with our long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our Board of Directors has not granted any performance
base stock options to date, the Board of Directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the Board in its
sole determination believes such grants would be in the best interests of the Company. 
 
 Incentive Bonus 

The Board of Directors may grant incentive
bonuses to our executive officers and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if the Board of Directors believes such
bonuses are in the Company s best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and growth, if any, and the amount
of revenue we are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability of such executives. 

Long-Term, Stock Based Compensation 

In order to attract, retain and motivate executive
talent necessary to support the Company s long-term business strategy we may award our executives and any future executives
with long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth certain information,
as of April 11, 2023, with respect to the beneficial ownership of the outstanding common stock by (i) any holder of more than five
(5 percent; (ii) each of the Company s executive officers and directors; and (iii) the Company s directors and executive
officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, each of the stockholders listed below has sole voting and investment power
over the shares beneficially owned. 

43 

Name of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Common Stock Beneficially Owned (11) 
 Percentage of Common Stock (2) 
 
 Officers and Directors 

George Furlan (3) 
 5,028,821 
 9.21 
 
 Dante Jones (4) 
 1,263,798 
 2.31 
 
 All officers and directors as a group (3 persons) 
 6,292,619 
 11.52 
 
 5 Stockholders 

Principal Holdings, LLC, (5) 
 8,692,187 
 15.92 
 
 Gregg Templeton (6) 
 5,028,821 
 9.21 
 
 James Mansour (7) 
 4,400,186 
 8.06 
 
 Bogaard Holdings LLC (8) 
 2,196,327 
 4.02 
 
 Pure Energy 714 LLC (9) 
 1,593,494 
 2.91 
 
 Bagel Hole Inc. (10) 
 2,832,410 
 5.18 

Officer and/or director of the Company 

(1) 
 Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., 590 Madison Avenue, 21 st Floor, New York, NY 10022. 

(2) 
 Applicable percentage ownership is based on 54,580,518 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 11, 2023, together with securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock within 60 days of April 11, 2023 for each stockholder. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of April 11, 2023 are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

(3) 
 On December 26, 2019, the Company and George Furlan entered into a Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the George Furlan purchased from the Company an aggregate of 718,403 restricted shares of common stock (the Furlan Shares at 0.01186 per share, subject to vesting, in consideration of an aggregate purchase price of 8,520.26. As of December 31, 2022, all of the Furlan Shares have vested. 

(4) 
 Dante Jones received 109,114 shares of common stock of the Company in connection with the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization entered into and closed between the Company and Jaguaring Company, d/b/a Cannavolve, on February 14, 2020. On January 5, 2023, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Jones in consideration of his appointment as the Interim Chief Executive Officer, Interim President, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Interim Treasurer and Interim Secretary of the Company. 

(5) 
 Principal Holdings, LLC is owned and controlled by Danielle Doukas. 

(6) 
 Gregg Templeton is a former employee of the Company. 

(7) 
 On January 8, 2020, the Company entered into an Executive Consulting Agreement (the Mansour Agreement with James Mansour pursuant to which Mr. Mansour was appointed as an Executive Consultant. Concurrently with the Mansour Agreement, the Company and Mr. Mansour entered into a into a Restricted Stock Agreement (the RPSA to purchase 718,403 shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of 0.01186 per share (the Mansour Shares ), subject to vesting as follows: 359,201 Mansour Shares vested upon execution of the agreement and the remaining 359,202 Mansour Shares were to vest quarterly at 29,993 shares at the end of each quarter. On June 3, 2022, Mr. Mansour and the Company mutually terminated the Mansour Agreement (the Mansour Agreement Termination ). As a result of the Mansour Agreement Termination, and pursuant to the terms of the RPSA, no unvested Mansour Shares vested to Mr. Mansour subsequent to the Mansour Agreement Termination. Accordingly, the vesting of Mansour Shares ceased as of the date of the Mansour Agreement Termination, resulting in a total of 628,598 vested Mansour Shares as of the date of the Mansour Agreement Termination. In addition, on November 21, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company terminated James Mansour as the Chief Marketing Officer of the Company. 

44 

(8) 
 Bogaard Holdings LLC is owned and controlled by Jelena Vadanjel. 

(9) 
 Pure Energy 714 LLC is owned and controlled by Louis Sorrentino. 

(10) 
 Bagel Hole Inc. is owned and controlled solely by Philip Romanzi, the Company s former sole officer and director. 

(11) 
 On March 2, 2021, the Company effected a 7:1 forward stock split of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock. All shares of common stock reflected in the above table are accounted for on a post-forward split basis. 

No Director, executive officer, affiliate or
any owner of record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of voting securities of the Company is a party adverse to
the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The following includes a summary of transactions
since the beginning of the 2022 fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, in which the Company was or is to be a participant
and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of their total assets at year-end
for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest
(other than compensation described under Executive Compensation ). We believe the terms obtained or consideration
that we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms available
or the amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions. 

Related party transactions of the Company 

Transactions with Related Persons 

At no time during the last two fiscal years
has any executive officer, director or any member of these individuals immediate families, any corporation or organization
with whom any of these individuals is an affiliate or any trust or estate in which any of these individuals serves as a trustee
or in a similar capacity or has a substantial beneficial interest been indebted to the Company or was involved in any transaction
in which the amount exceeded 120,000 and such person had a direct or indirect material interest. 

Procedures for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

Our Board of Directors is charged with reviewing
and approving all potential related party transactions. All such related party transactions must then be reported under applicable
SEC rules. We have not adopted other procedures for review, or standards for approval, of such transactions, but instead review
them on a case-by-case basis. 

Director Independence 

Our Board of Directors has undertaken a review
of its composition and the independence of each director. Based on the review of each director s background, employment and
affiliations, including family relationships, the Board of Directors has determined that there are no independent directors 
under the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

45 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Victor Mokuolu, CPA LLC served as our independent
auditor beginning with the third quarter of 2022. The following is a summary of the fees billed to the Company for professional
services rendered for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Boyle CPA LLC served as our independent auditors
for the years ended December 31, 2021 through the second quarter of 2022. The following is a summary of the fees billed to the
Company for professional services rendered for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees - Victor Mokuolu, CPA LLC 

Audit Fees - Boyle CPA LLC 
 18,000 
 26,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees - Victor Mokuolu, CPA LLC 
 10,500 

Audit Related Fees - Boyle CPA LLC 
 
 9,700 
 
 Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Totals 
 18,000 
 35,700 

AUDIT FEES. Consists of fees billed for professional
services rendered for the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements and review of the interim consolidated
financial statements included in quarterly reports and services in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

AUDIT-RELATED FEES. Consists of fees billed
for preparation of financial statements and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of the Company s consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. 

TAX FEES. Consists of fees billed for professional
services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

ALL OTHER FEES. Consists of fees for products
and services other than the services reported above. There were no management consulting services provided in fiscal 2022 or 2021. 

POLICY ON AUDIT COMMITTEE PRE-APPROVAL OF AUDIT
AND PERMISSIBLE NON-AUDIT SERVICES OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 

The Company currently does not have a designated
Audit Committee, and accordingly, the Company s Board of Directors policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible
non-audit services provided by the independent auditors. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax
services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular
service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The independent auditors and management are required
to periodically report to the Company s Board of Directors regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditors
in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. The Board of Directors may also pre-approve
particular services on a case-by-case basis. 

46 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 

2.1 
 
 Reorganization Agreement between Intelligent Buying Inc. and Jaguaring Company d/b/a Cannavolve, and the Cannavolve shareholders listed in the agreement, dated March 13, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 19, 2019). 

2.2 
 
 Amended Reorganization Agreement between Intelligent Buying Inc. and Jaguaring Company d/b/a Cannavolve and the Cannavolve shareholders listed in the agreement, dated April 27, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 6, 2019). 

2.3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Reorganization Agreement between Intelligent Buying Inc. and Jaguaring Company d/b/a Cannavolve, and the Cannavolve shareholders listed in the agreement, dated April 27, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May, 6 2019). 

2.4 
 
 Second Amended Agreement and Plan of Reorganization between Intelligent Buying Inc. and Jaguaring Company d/b/a Cannavolve Holdings, the Cannavolve Shareholders listed in the agreement dated January 2, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 8, 2020). 

2.5 
 
 Termination Agreement of the Reorganization between Intelligent Buying Inc. and Jaguaring Company d/b/a Cannavolve Holdings, the Cannavolve Shareholders listed in the agreement dated February 12, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2020). 

2.6 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among Intelligent Buying Inc., Jaguaring Company d/b/a Cannavolve Holdings and the Cannavolve Shareholders listed in the agreement dated February 14, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2020). 

2.7 
 
 Form of Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., a California corporation, and Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., a Nevada corporation, dated January 28, 2021. 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Intelligent Buying Inc. and Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Intelligent Buying, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on April 17, 2006). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Intelligent Buying, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2020). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Determination for Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Intelligent Buying, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on April 17, 2006). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Determination for Series B Preferred Stock of Intelligent Buying, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2020). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Intelligent Buying Inc., a California corporation. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 2021). 

3.6 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., a Nevada corporation. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 2021). 

3.7 
 
 Bylaws of Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., a Nevada corporation. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 2021). 

47 

4.1 
 
 Form of 10 Promissory Note of Intelligent Buying, Inc. issued to an accredited investor dated December 2, 2020. 

4.2 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and among Intelligent Buying, Inc. and an accredited investor dated December 2, 2020. 

4.3 
 
 Form of Stock Purchase Warrant of Intelligent Buying, Inc. issued to an accredited investor dated December 2, 2020. 

4.4 
 
 Form of Stock Pledge Agreement issued by an affiliate of Intelligent Buying, Inc. to an accredited investor dated December 2, 2020. 

4.5 
 
 Form of 10 Convertible Debenture of Intelligent Buying, Inc. issued to an accredited investor dated December 3, 2020 

4.6 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and among Intelligent Buying, Inc. and an accredited investor dated December 3, 2020. 

4.7 
 
 Form of Stock Purchase Warrant of Intelligent Buying, Inc. issued to an accredited investor dated December 3, 2020. 

4.8 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2021). 

4.9 
 
 Form of Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2021). 

4.10 
 
 Form of Common Share Purchase Warrant. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2021). 

4.11 
 
 Form of Pledge and Security Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2021). 

4.12 
 
 Form of 18 Promissory Note of Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. issued to an accredited investor dated September 23, 2021. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 22, 2021). 

4.13 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and among Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. and an accredited investor dated November 18, 2021. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 22, 2021). 

4.14 
 
 Form of Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note issued to an accredited investor dated November 18, 2021. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 22, 2021). 

4.15 
 
 Form of Common Share Purchase Warrant issued to an accredited investor dated November 18, 2021. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 22, 2021). 

4.16 
 
 Form of Pledge and Security Agreement by and among Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. and an accredited dated November 18, 2021. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 22, 2021). 

48 

4.17 
 
 Settlement Agreement and Release by and among Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., and Anthony L.G., PLLC and Laura Anthony, Esq. dated August 16, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 22, 2022). 

4.18 
 
 Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 on Form S-8 (File No. 333-266997) filed on August 19, 2022). 

4.19 
 
 Extension Agreement by and among Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. and an accredited investor dated August 19, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 22, 2022). 

4.20 
 
 Form of Common Share Purchase Warrant issued to an accredited investor dated August 19, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 22, 2022). 

4.21 
 
 Form of Agreement by and among Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. and an accredited investor dated August 19, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 22, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note of Intelligent Buying Inc. issued to PureEnergy714 LLC2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 19, 2019). 

10.2 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by Jaguaring, Inc. d/b/a Cannavolve (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 19, 2019). 

10.3 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement for Rule 506 Offering. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2020). 

10.4# 
 
 Executive Consulting Agreement between Intelligent Buying, Inc. and James Mansour dated January 8, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2020). 

10.5# 
 
 Employment Agreement between Intelligent Buying, Inc. and George V. Furlan dated December 2019. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2020). 

10.6 
 
 Independent Contractor Agreement between Jaguaring Inc. d/b/a Cannavolve and Dante Jones dated May 1, 2019. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2020). 

10.7 
 
 Office Agreement for Jaguaring Inc. d/b/a Cannavolve dated May 23, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2020). 

10.8 
 
 Promissory Note issued by Jaguaring Inc. d/b/a Cannavolve dated June 6, 2019. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2020). 

10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement between Intelligent Buying, Inc. and Gregg Templeton dated February 28, 2019. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2020). 

10.10 
 
 Office Agreement for Jaguaring Inc. d/b/a Cannavolve dated May 23, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2020). 

10.11 
 
 Promissory Note issued by Jaguaring Inc. d/b/a Cannavolve dated June 11, 2019. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2020). 

49 

10.12 
 
 Promissory
Note issued by Jaguaring Inc. d/b/a Cannavolve dated June 6, 2019. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2020). 

10.13# 
 
 Restricted
Stock Purchase Agreement between Intelligent Buying, Inc. and James Mansour. 

10.14# 
 
 Restricted
Stock Purchase Agreement between Intelligent Buying, Inc. and George Furlan. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2020). 

10.15 
 
 Share
Exchange Agreement dated as of May 28, 2020 by and among Intelligent Buying Inc., and the shareholders of Jaguaring Company d/b/a Cannavolve
Holdings. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-K Annual Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020).

14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics of Intelligent Buying, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on
 Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on April 17, 2006). 

16.1 
 
 Letter
 from Boyle CPA, LLC (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 November 18, 2022) . 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed herewith 

# 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

50 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Dante Jones 

Dante Jones 

Interim Chief Executive Officer, Interim President, Interim Chief Financial Officer, and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

51 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

Know all persons by these presents that each
individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Dante Jones, our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim
Chief Financial Officer as a true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for
him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to (i) act on, sign and file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission any and all amendments to this Report together with all schedules and exhibits thereto, (ii) act on, sign and file with
the Securities and Exchange Commission any and all exhibits to this Report and any and all exhibits and schedules thereto, (iii)
act on, sign and file any and all such certificates, notices, communications, reports, instruments, agreements and other documents
as may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith and (iv) take any and all such actions which may be necessary or appropriate
in connection therewith, granting unto such agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact, full power and authority to do and perform each
and every act and thing necessary or appropriate to be done, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person,
and hereby approving, ratifying and confirming all that such agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact, or any of his or their substitute
or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Dante Jones 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer, Interim President, Interim Chief Financial Officer, and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Dante Jones 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

52 

SENTIENT
BRANDS HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. 

 590 Madison Avenue, 21 st Floor 

 New York, NY 10022 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Sentient Brands Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of year ended
December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial doubt about the Company's ability to
continue as a going concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
has incurred losses since inception, has an accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about its
ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

A critical audit matter is a matter arising from the
current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee or the Company s
governance and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating a critical audit, providing separate opinions on the critical
audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We determined that there are no critical audit matters communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee. 

Other Matters 

The accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Sentient
Brands Holdings, Inc. as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders (deficit),
and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes were audited by another Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm, Boyle CPA, LLC. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

April 17, 2023 
PCAOB ID: 

F- 1 

Boyle
CPA, LLC 

 Certified
Public Accountants Consultants 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and 

 Board of Directors of Sentient Brands Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on
the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Sentient Brands Holdings, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in stockholders deficiency, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December
31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt About the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements,
the Company has incurred losses since inception and had an accumulated deficit at December 31, 2021. These factors raise substantial doubt
about its ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the issuance of these financial statements. Management s plans
are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis of
Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor from 2019 to 2022. 

April 28, 2022 

331 Newman Springs Road 
 P (732) 784-1582 
 
 Building 1, 4 th Floor, Suite 143 
 F (732) 510-0665 
 
 Red Bank, NJ 07701 

F- 2 

SENTIENT
 BRANDS HOLDINGS INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
 SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Inventory 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

FIXED ASSETS (net of Depreciation) 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Notes payable 

Convertible Notes Payable 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred Stock Par Value of ; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock - Par Value of ; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

SENTIENT
 BRANDS HOLDINGS INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUES: 

TOTAL REVENUES 

Cost of sales 

Gross (Loss) Profit 

Operating Expenses 

General and Administrative 

Legal and Professional 

Management Fees 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Interest expense 

Discount amortization 

Other income 

NET LOSS 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE BASIC AND DILUTED 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

SENTIENT
 BRANDS HOLDINGS INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
 OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Stock issued for services rendered 

Amortization of discount 

Forgiveness of PPP Loan 

Non cash financing fees 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Inventory 

Advances to supplier 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of office equipment 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds (Payment) of loan payable 

Proceeds from short term loan 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH-BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH-END OF PERIOD 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

SENTIENT
 BRANDS HOLDINGS INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIENCY 
 
 For the Years Ended 
 
 December 31, 2022 and
 2021 

December 31, 2021 
 Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2021 

Common stock issued for services rendered 

Net loss 

Balances December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 
 Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Common stock issued 

Common stock cancelled 

Net loss 

Balances December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

SENTIENT
 BRANDS HOLDINGS INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
 2021 

(7:1) (the Forward Stock Split ),
(ii) increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 50,000,000 shares to shares, and (iii) effectuate a name
change (the Name Change ). Fractional shares that resulted from the Forward Stock Split will be rounded up to the next highest
number. As a result of the Name Change, the Company s name changed from Intelligent Buying, Inc. to Sentient
Brands Holdings Inc. . The Certificate was approved by the majority of the Company s shareholders and by the Board of Directors
of the Company. The effective date of the Forward Stock Split and the Name Change was March 2, 2021. 

In connection with
the above, the Company filed an Issuer Company-Related Action Notification Form with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. The
Forward Stock Split and the Name Change was implemented by FINRA on March 2, 2021. Our symbol on OTC Markets was INTBD for 20 business
days from March 2, 2021 (the Notification Period ). Our new CUSIP number is 81728V 102. As a result of the name change,
our symbol was changed to SNBH following the Notification Period. All share and per share information has been retroactively
adjusted to reflect this forward stock split. 

In addition, on January
29, 2021, the Company, merged with and into its wholly owned subsidiary, Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., a Nevada corporation, pursuant
to an Agreement and Plan of Merger between Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., a California corporation, and Sentient Brands Holdings Inc.,
a Nevada corporation. Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., a Nevada corporation, continued as the surviving entity of the migratory merger.
Pursuant to the migratory merger, the Company changed its state of incorporation from California to Nevada and each share of its common
stock converted into one share of common stock of the surviving entity in the migratory merger. No dissenters rights were exercised
by any of the Company s stockholders in connection with the migratory merger. 

Following the consummation
of the migratory merger, the articles of incorporation and bylaws of the Nevada corporation that was newly-created as a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company became the articles of incorporation and bylaws for the surviving entity in the migratory merger. 

Basis of Presentation 

Our financial statements
are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, as reported on our fiscal
years ending on December 31, 2022 and 2021. We have summarized our most significant accounting policies. 

stock based awards issued or outstanding. 

to net income (loss)
as follows: 

The tax effects of
temporary differences that give rise to the Company s net deferred tax liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Less: Valuation Allowance 

Deferred Tax Assets - Net 

Deferred
taxes are provided on a liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating
loss and tax credit carry forwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences
are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a
valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of
enactment. The U.S. federal income tax rate is . 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. The Company currently has
limited liquidity and has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs
over an extended period of time. These factors among others, raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. The Company will require
additional financing moving forward and is pursuing various strategies to accomplish this, including seeking equity funding and/or debt
funding from private placement sources. Although management believes that it will be able to obtain the necessary funding to allow the
Company to remain a going concern through the methods discussed above, there can be no assurances that such methods will prove successful. 

Management anticipates
that the Company will be dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses. There are no assurances
that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and continue as a going concern. 

and , respectively are contained in our storage
and fulfilment center located at CN Logistics in Lincoln Park, NJ. 

. On March 15, 2019, specific terms were reached on of the advances pursuant to an unsecured convertible promissory note
entered into between the Company and Pure Energy 714 LLC, the terms call for repayment of the advances including interest on any unconverted
principal amount at a rate of per annum and a repayment date on or before August 15, 2022. Additional terms include a voluntary conversion
option, pursuant to which Pure Energy 714 LLC may convert any outstanding balance at per share into shares of common stock. On
January 3, 2020, specific terms were reached on the remaining of the advances pursuant to an unsecured demand note. See Note
6. Accrued interest on this note totaled and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The lender agreed to extend the maturity date of the loan to . 

On December 2, 2020,
we issued a promissory note to an accredited investor in consideration for with interest at the rate of per annum from the
issue date, and also issued to the accredited investor a common stock purchase warrant (the Warrant to acquire 
shares of common stock. The Warrant is exercisable for a period of five years at an exercise price of . This note will mature on
the earlier of (i) closing of the next equity financing of at least or (ii) (maturity date). The holder,
at its sole election, may convert the interest accrued on this note into shares of stock of the company at per share. 

On December 3, 2020,
we issued a convertible debenture to an accredited investor in consideration for with interest at the rate of per annum from
the issue date, and also issued to the accredited investor a common stock purchase warrant (the Warrant to acquire 
shares of common stock. The Warrant is exercisable for a period of five years at an exercise price of .. This debenture is convertible
at the election of the holder into shares of common stock at the price per share equal to of the market price of the Company s
listed common stock on the date of such conversion. 

On April 27, 2021 (the
 Issuance Date ), the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor (the April
2021 Investor providing for the sale by the Company to the April 2021 Investor of a Senior Secured Convertible Promissory
Note in the principal amount of (the April 2021 Note , and the Financing ). The principal amount
of the April 2021 Note includes an Original Issue Discount of , resulting in in total proceeds received by the Company
in the Financing. The April 2021 Note is convertible at the option of the April 2021 Investor into shares of common stock of the Company
at per share. In addition to the April 2021 Note, the April 2021 Investor also received 250,000 shares of common
stock of the Company (the Commitment Shares ), and a common share purchase warrant (the April 2021 Warrant ,
and together with the April 2021 Note and the Commitment Shares, the Securities to acquire shares of
common stock of the Company. The April 2021 Warrant is exercisable for five years at an exercise price of . During the year the
company paid monthly interest totaling . Principal balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 remains at . The Original
Issue discount was being amortized over the term of the loan of 18 months and was fully during the year ended December 31, 2022. On August
19, 2022, the Company and the April 2021 Investor entered into an extension agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend
the maturity date of the April 2021 Note until . Accrued interest for this note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were
 and respectively. 

On November 18, 2021
(the Issuance Date ), the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor (the November
2021 Investor providing for the sale by the Company to the November 2021 Investor of a Senior Secured Convertible Promissory
Note in the principal amount of (the November 2021 Note , and, the Financing ), to be paid by
the November 2021 Investor to the Company in two tranches (each, a Tranche ). The first Tranche consists of a payment by
the November 2021 Investor to the Company on the Issue Date of 200,000, from which the November 2021 Investor retained to
cover its legal fees. A second Tranche consisting of 200,000 was paid in December 2021, resulting in in total proceeds
to be received by the Company in the Financing. In addition to the November 2021 Note, the November 2021 Investor also received a common
share purchase warrant (the November 2021 Warrant , and together with the November 2021 Note, the Securities to acquire shares of common stock of the Company. The November 2021 Warrant is exercisable for five years at an
exercise price of . The closing of the Financing in the amount of occurred on December 16, 2021. The maturity date Maturity Date for each Tranche is at the end of the period that begins from the date each Tranche is paid and ends 12
months thereafter, and interest associated with the November 2021 Note is 10 per annum. Accrued interest for this note as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 were and respectively. 

of prior advances made to the Company
(See Note 5) pursuant to an unsecured demand note entered into between the Company and Pure Energy 714 LLC. The terms call for repayment
of the advances including interest on any unconverted principal amount at a rate of per annum and a repayment date on or before June
3, 2021, at the rate of 12 per annum. If the demand note is unpaid by June 3, 2021, default interest of 3 monthly will apply. On January
17, 2020, the Company repaid of the principal outstanding reducing the note balance to . An additional was received
on March 16, 2021, but subsequently returned in April 20, 2021. Accrued interest on this note totaled and at December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The lender agreed to extend the maturity date of the loan to January 1, 2023. 

During 2021 and 2022,
the Company received proceeds from various loans from Adriatic Advisors LLC. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 
and due to Adriatic Advisors LLC, respectively. The notes mature on the earlier of (i) the closing of the Company s next
equity financing, or (ii) six months after the date of issue. At the note holder s sole election on the maturity date, the note
holder may convert the interest accrued on the note into shares of common stock of the Company at per share. The lender has
agreed to extend the maturity dates of any overdue Notes to June 30, 2023. Accrued interest on these notes totaled and 
at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

(the PPP Loan ). The
PPP Loan was made under, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the PPP which was established under the CARES Act and administered
by the U.S. Small Business Administration. 

During 2021, the U.S.
Small Business Administration (the SBA forgave the Company s PPP loan. The forgiven amount was accounted for
as other income in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

shares of Preferred Stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares of Series
B Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 

For five years from
the date of issuance, the Series B Preferred Stock shall have the number of votes equal to fifty-one percent (51 of the cumulative
total vote of all classes of stock of the Corporation, common or preferred, whether such other class of stock is voting as a single class
or the other classes of stock are voting together as a single group, and with respect to such vote, such holder shall have full voting
rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of Common Stock, or any other class of preferred stock, and shall
be entitled to notice of any stockholders meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote,
together with holders of Common Stock and any class of preferred stock entitled to vote, with respect to any question upon which holders
of Common Stock or any class of preferred stock have the right to vote. After five years, the Series B Preferred Stock shall automatically,
and without further action by the Corporation, be cancelled and void, and may not be reissued. 

Common stock 

On January 29, 2021,
the Company, merged with and into its wholly owned subsidiary, Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., a Nevada corporation, pursuant to an Agreement
and Plan of Merger between Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., a California corporation, and Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., a Nevada corporation.
Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., a Nevada corporation, continued as the surviving entity of the migratory merger. Pursuant to the migratory
merger, the Company changed its state of incorporation from California to Nevada and each share of its common stock converted into one
share of common stock of the surviving entity in the migratory merger. No dissenters rights were exercised by any of the Company s
stockholders in connection with the migratory merger. 

During July 2022, The
Company s Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Furlan and the Company agreed to settle an unpaid amount due under an employment agreement
in full in consideration of the issuance to Mr. Furlan of shares of restricted common stock of the Company. The shares have not
been issued as of December 31, 2022, so the balance remains in accounts payable and accrued expenses at December 31, 2022. Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the shares were issued to Mr. Furlan on January 5, 2023. See Note 10. 

During July
2022, the Company and an independent contractor agreed to settle in full an unpaid amount of owed by the Company to the independent
contractor in consideration of the issuance to the independent contractor of restricted shares of common stock of the Company.
The shares have not been issued as of December 31, 2022, so the balance remains in accounts payable and accrued expenses at December
31, 2022. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the shares were issued on January 5, 2023. See Note 10. 

On August 16, 2022,
the Company entered into a Settlement and Release Agreement with Anthony L.G., PLLC ALG and Laura Anthony, Esq. LA pursuant to which ALG agreed to forgive (the Debt Amount owed by to the Company to ALG for services rendered to
the Company in consideration of an issuance to LA of shares common stock of the Company registered on the Form S-8 pursuant to
the Plan. 

On August 30, 2022,
the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with a contractor to provide investor relation services in exchange for shares
of the Company s common stock. 

There were no other
issuances of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On March 3, 2021, the
Company implemented a forward stock split its outstanding shares of common stock at a ratio of , resulting in the number of authorized
shares of common stock of the Company going from 50,000,000 shares to shares. All share and per share information has been
retroactively adjusted to reflect this forward stock split. 

On April 27, 2021 (the
 Issuance Date ), the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor (the April
2021 Investor providing for the sale by the Company to the April 2021 Investor of a Senior Secured Convertible Promissory
Note in the principal amount of . In addition to the April 2021 Note, the April 2021 Investor also received 250,000 shares
of common stock of the Company. 

On June 29, 2021, the
Company sold shares of common stock to an accredited investor in consideration for an aggregate purchase price of
 . 

There were no other
issuances of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

per year beginning on the one (1) year anniversary of the completion of a financing by the
Company of no less than 3,000,000. The Furlan Agreement also contains an annual bonus based on the amount of revenue generated by the
Company from the sale of certain products. The Furlan Agreement has a term of three years from the effective date. Pursuant to the Furlan
Agreement, the Company and Mr. Furlan also entered into a into a Restricted Stock Agreement to purchase shares of the Company s
Common Stock. 

On January 8, 2020,
the Company entered into an Executive Consulting Agreement (the Mansour Agreement with James Mansour pursuant to which
Mr. Mansour was appointed as an Executive Consultant. The Mansour Agreement provides for a base salary of per year. The Mansour
Agreement has a term of three years from the effective date. Pursuant to the Mansour Agreement, the Company and Mr. Mansour also entered
into a into a Restricted Stock Agreement to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

restricted shares of its common stock in full settlement of an amount due under an employment agreement to
George Furlan, the Company s Chief Operating Officer. 

On January 5, 2023,
the Company issued restricted shares of its common stock in full settlement of an amount due to an independent contractor. 

On January 5, 2023,
the Company issued restricted shares of its common stock to Dante Jones, the Company s interim Chief Executive Officer. 

During the first quarter
of 2023, the Company received short term loans (collectively, the Loans from an accredited investor in the aggregate amount
of . The maturity date of each Loan is at the end of the period that begins on the date each Loan was made and ends six months thereafter,
and interest on each of the Loans is per annum. 

The Company has evaluated
subsequent events for recognition and disclosure through April 17, 2023, which is the date the financial statements were available to
be issued. No other matters were identified affecting the accompanying financial statements and related disclosures. 

F-13 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e4598_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Dante Jones, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed
this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Sentient Brands Holdings Inc.; 

2. Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, and evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and printed
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as of the end of the period
covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies
in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

b) any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls
over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Dante Jones 

Dante Jones 

Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim President (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e4598_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Dante Jones, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Sentient Brands Holdings Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, and evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and printed
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as of the end of the period
covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) disclosed in
this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies
in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

b) any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls
over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Dante Jones 

Dante Jones 

Interim Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 e4598_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with
the annual report on Form 10-K of Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Dante Jones, the Interim Chief Executive
Officer and Interim President, of the Company, do hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief that: 

(1) the Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Dante Jones 

Dante Jones 

Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim President
(principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 e4598_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with
the annual report on Form 10-K of Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Dante Jones, the Interim Chief Financial
Officer, of the Company, do hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief that: 

(1) the Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

April
17, 2023 

/s/ Dante Jones 

Dante Jones 

Interim Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 snbh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 snbh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 snbh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 snbh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

