<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1407583_0001493152-23-012475.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>33817680</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>722023</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>20265946</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7269717</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2265191</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2824718</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012475.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417130529
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012475
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		261
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bunker Hill Mining Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001407583
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				320196442
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-150028
		FILM NUMBER:		23823395

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		82 RICHMOND STREET EAST
		STREET 2:		TORONTO
		CITY:			ONTARIO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M5C 1P1
		BUSINESS PHONE:		416-477-7771

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		82 RICHMOND STREET EAST
		STREET 2:		TORONTO
		CITY:			ONTARIO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M5C 1P1

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIBERTY SILVER CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100406

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Liberty Silver Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100212

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Lincoln Mining Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070723

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012475.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 of other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, including area code) 

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: None 

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes 

As
of December 31, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting shares of common stock of the registrant issued and outstanding
on such date, excluding shares held by affiliates of the registrant as a group, was . 

Number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of April 17, 2023: . 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 
 4 

ITEM
 1. BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 9 
 
 ITEM
 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 21 
 
 ITEM
 2. PROPERTIES 
 21 
 
 ITEM
 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 30 
 
 ITEM
 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 30 

PART
 II 
 31 

ITEM
 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 31 
 
 ITEM
 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 31 
 
 ITEM
 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 31 
 
 ITEM
 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 68 
 
 ITEM
 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 68 
 
 ITEM
 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 68 

PART
 III 
 69 

ITEM
 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 69 
 
 ITEM
 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 71 
 
 ITEM
 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 75 
 
 ITEM
 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 76 
 
 ITEM
 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 76 

PART
 IV 
 77 

ITEM
 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 77 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 78 

2 

Cautionary
Note to U.S. Residents Concerning Disclosure of Mineral Resources 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. Bunker Hill, we, us, our or the Company is
a U.S. domestic issuer for U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC purposes, it is required to report its financial
results under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles U.S. GAAP ), and its shares of common stock trade on the Canadian
Securities Exchange (the CSE and the OTCQB Venture Market. However, certain prior regulatory filings made in Canada
contain or incorporate by reference therein certain disclosure that satisfies the additional requirements of Canadian securities laws,
which differ from the requirements of United States securities laws. Unless otherwise indicated, all resource estimates included
in those Canadian filings, and in the documents incorporated by reference therein, had been prepared in accordance with Canadian National
Instrument 43-101 Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects NI 43-101 and the Canadian Institute of
Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum CIM classification system. NI 43-101 is a rule developed by the Canadian Securities
Administrators which establishes standards for all public disclosure an issuer makes of scientific and technical information concerning
mineral projects. 

Canadian
standards, including NI 43-101, may differ from the requirements of subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K S-K 1300 ). Thus, resource
information contained, or incorporated by reference, in the Company s Canadian filings, and in the documents incorporated by reference
therein, may not be comparable to similar information disclosed by companies reporting mineral reserve and mineral resource information
under S-K 1300. 

The
terms mineral reserve, proven mineral reserve and probable mineral reserve are Canadian mining
terms as defined in accordance with NI 43-101 and CIM standards. Pursuant to S-K 1300, the SEC now recognizes estimates of measured
mineral resources, indicated mineral resources and inferred mineral resources. In addition, the SEC
has amended its definitions of proven mineral reserves and probably mineral reserves to be substantially
similar to the corresponding standards of the CIM. 

Investors
are cautioned that while terms are substantially similar to CIM standards, there are differences in the definitions and standards under
S-K 1300 and the CIM standards. Accordingly, there is no assurance any mineral reserves or mineral resources that the Company may report
as proven reserves, probable reserves, measured mineral resources, indicated mineral
resources and inferred mineral resources under NI 43-101 will be the same as the reserve or resource estimates prepared
under the standards adopted under S-K 1300. 

Investors
are also cautioned that while the SEC now recognizes measured mineral resources, indicated mineral resources 
and inferred mineral resources, investors should not assume that any part or all of mineral deposits in these categories
will ever be converted into mineral reserves. 

Mineralization
described using these terms has a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence, and great uncertainty as to their economic and legal
feasibility. It cannot be assumed that all or any part of an measured mineral resource, indicated mineral resource 
or inferred mineral resource will ever be upgraded to a higher category. Under Canadian rules, estimates of inferred mineral
resources may not form the basis of feasibility or pre-feasibility studies, except in rare cases. Investors are cautioned not to assume
that all or any part of an inferred mineral resource exists or is economically or legally mineable. Disclosure of contained ounces 
in a resource is permitted disclosure under Canadian regulations however, the SEC normally only permits issuers to report mineralization
that does not constitute reserves by SEC standards as in place tonnage and grade without reference to unit measures. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Our
Business 

Overview 

The
Company s sole focus is the development and restart of its 100 owned flagship asset, the Bunker Hill mine (the Mine in Idaho, USA. The Mine remains the largest single producing mine by tonnage in the Silver Valley region of northwest Idaho, producing
over 165 million ounces of silver and 5 million tons of base metals between 1885 and 1981. The Bunker Hill Mine is located within Operable
Unit 2 of the Bunker Hill Superfund site (EPA National Priorities Listing IDD048340921), where cleanup activities have been completed. 

In
early 2020, a new management team comprised of former executives from Barrick Gold Corp. assumed leadership of the Company. Since that
time, the Company conducted multiple exploration campaigns, published multiple economic studies and Mineral Resource Estimates, and advanced
the rehabilitation and development of the Mine. In December 2021, it announced a project finance package with Sprott Private Resource
Streaming Royalty Corp. Sprott ), an amended Settlement Agreement with the
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency the EPA ), and the purchase of the Bunker Hill Mine, setting the stage for a rapid
restart of the Mine. 

In
January 2022, with the closing of the purchase of the Bunker Hill Mine, the funding of the 8,000,000 Royalty Convertible Debenture and
 6,000,000 Series Convertible Debenture, and the announcement of an Memorandum MOU )for the purchase of the Pend Oreille process plant from a subsidiary
of Teck Resources Limited, the Company embarked on a program of activities with the goal of achieving a restart of the Mine. Key milestones
and achievements from January 2022 onwards have included the closing of the purchase of the Pend Oreille process plant, the demobilization
of the process plant to the Bunker Hill site, the completion of demolition activities at the Pend Oreille site, a Prefeasibility Study
envisaging the restart of the Mine, and the completion of the primary portion of the ramp decline connecting the 5 and 6 Levels of the
Bunker Hill Mine. 

The Company was incorporated for the initial purpose of engaging in mineral
exploration activities at the Mine. The Company has moved into the development stage concurrent with (i) purchasing the Mine and a process
plant, (ii) completing successive technical and economic studies, including a Prefeasibility Study, (iii) delineating mineral reserves,
and (iv) conducting the program of activities outlined above. 

Lease
and Purchase of the Bunker Hill Mine 

The
Company purchased the Bunker Hill Mine in January 2022, as described below. 

Prior
to purchasing the Mine, the Company had entered into a series of agreements with Placer Mining Corporation Placer Mining ),
the prior owner, for the lease and option to purchase the Mine. The first of these agreements was announced on August 28, 2017, with
subsequent amendments and/or extensions announced on November 1, 2019, July 7, 2020, and November 20, 2020. 

Under
the terms of the November 20, 2020 amended agreement (the Amended Agreement ), a purchase price of 7,700,000 was agreed,
with 5,700,000 payable in cash (with an aggregate of 300,000 to be credited toward the purchase price of the Mine as having been previously
paid by the Company) and 2,000,000 in shares of common stock of the Company Common Shares ). The Company agreed to make
an advance payment of 2,000,000, credited toward the purchase price of the Mine, which had the effect of decreasing the remaining amount
payable to purchase the Mine to an aggregate of 3,400,000 payable in cash and 2,000,000 in Common Shares of the Company. 

The
Amended Agreement also required payments pursuant to an agreement with the EPA whereby
for so long as the Company leases, owns and/or occupies the Mine, the Company would make payments to the EPA on behalf of Placer Mining
in satisfaction of the EPA s claim for historical water treatment cost recovery in accordance with the Settlement Agreement reached
with the EPA in 2018. Immediately prior to the purchase of the Mine, the Company s liability to EPA in this regard totaled 11,000,000. 

The
Company completed the purchase of the Bunker Hill Mine on January 7, 2022. The terms of the purchase price were modified to 5,400,000
in cash, from 3,400,000 of cash and 2,000,000 of Common Shares. Concurrent with the purchase of the Mine, the Company assumed incremental
liabilities of 8,000,000 to the EPA, consistent with the terms of the amended Settlement Agreement with the EPA that was executed in
December 2021 (see EPA 2018 Settlement Agreement 2021 Amended Settlement Agreement section below). 

4 

EPA
2018 Settlement Agreement 2021 Amended Settlement Agreement 

Bunker
Hill entered into a Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent with the EPA on May 15, 2018. This agreement limits the Company s
exposure to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA liability for past environmental
damage to the mine site and surrounding area to obligations that include: 

Payment
 of 20,000,000 for historical water treatment cost recovery for amounts paid by the EPA from 1995 to 2017 

Payment
 for water treatment services provided by the EPA at the Central Treatment Plant CTP in Kellogg, Idaho until such
 time that Bunker Hill either purchases or leases the CTP or builds a separate EPA-approved water treatment facility 

Conducting
 a work program as described in the Ongoing Environmental Activities section of this study 

In December 2021, in conjunction with its intention
to purchase the mine complex, the Company entered into an amended Settlement Agreement (the Amendment between the Company,
Idaho Department of Environmental Quality, US Department of Justice and the EPA modifying the payment schedule and payment terms for recovery
of historical environmental response costs at Bunker Hill Mine incurred by the EPA. With the purchase of the mine in early 2022, the remaining
payments of the EPA cost recovery liability were assumed by the Company, resulting in a total of 19,000,000 liability to the Company,
an increase of 8,000,000. The new payment schedule included a 2,000,000 payment to the EPA within 30 days of execution of this amendment,
which was made. 

The
remaining 17,000,000 will be paid on the following dates: 

Date 
 Amount 
 
 November
 1, 2024 
 3,000,000 
 
 November
 1, 2025 
 3,000,000 
 
 November
 1, 2026 
 3,000,000 
 
 November
 1, 2027 
 3,000,000 
 
 November
 1, 2028 
 3,000,000 
 
 November
 1, 2029 
 2,000,000
 plus accrued interest 

The
resumption of payments in 2024 was agreed in order to allow the Company to generate sufficient revenue from mining activities at the
Bunker Hill Mine to address remaining payment obligations from free cash flow. 

The
changes in payment terms and schedule were contingent upon the Company securing financial assurance in the form of performance bonds
or letters of credit deemed acceptable to the EPA totaling 17,000,000, corresponding to the Company s cost recovery obligations
to be paid in 2024 through 2029 as outlined above. Should the Company fail to make its scheduled payment, the EPA can draw against this
financial assurance. The amount of the bonds or letters of credit will decrease over time as individual payments are made. If the Company
failed to post the final financial assurance within 180 days of the execution of the Amendment, the terms of the original agreement would
be reinstated. 

In
June 2022, the Company was successful in obtaining financial assurance. Specifically, a 9,999,000 payment bond and a 7,001,000
letter of credit were secured and provided to the EPA. This milestone provides for the Company to recognize the effects of the change
in terms of the EPA liability as outlined in the December 20, 2021, agreement. Once the financial assurance was put into place, the restructuring
of the payment stream under the Amendment occurred with the entire 17,000,000 liability being recognized as long-term in nature. The
aforementioned payment bond and letter of credit were secured by 2,475,000 and 7,001,000 of cash deposits, respectively as of September
30, 2022. 

In
October 2022, the Company reported that it had been successful in securing a new payment bond to replace the aforementioned 7,001,000
letter of credit, in two stages. Initially, the letter of credit was reduced to 2,000,001 as a result of a new 5,000,000 payment bond
obtained through an insurance company. The collateral for the new payment bond is comprised of a 2,000,000 letter of credit and land
pledged by third parties, with whom the Company has entered into a financing cooperation agreement that contemplates a monthly fee of
 20,000 (payable in cash or common shares of the Company, at the Company s election). The new payment bond is scheduled to increase
to 7,001,000 (from 5,000,000) upon the advance of the multi-metals stream from Sprott Private Resource Streaming Royalty Corp. 

5 

Project
Finance Package with Sprott Private Resource Streaming Royalty Corp. 

On
December 20, 2021, the Company executed a non-binding term sheet outlining a 50,000,000 project finance package with Sprott Private
Resource Streaming and Royalty Corp. Royalty ). The non-binding term sheet with SRSR outlined a project financing
package that the Company expects to fulfill the majority of its funding requirements to restart the Mine. The term sheet consisted
of an 8,000,000 royalty convertible debenture (the RCD ), a 5,000,000 convertible debenture (the CD1 ),
and a multi-metals stream of up to 37,000,000 (the Stream ). The CD1 was subsequently increased to 6,000,000,
increasing the project financing package to 51,000,000. 

On
June 17, 2022, the Company consummated a new 15,000,000 convertible debenture (the CD2 ). As a result, total potential
funding from SRSR was further increased to 66,000,000 including the RCD, CD1, CD2 and the Stream (together, the Project Financing
Package ). 

The
Company closed the 8,000,000 RCD on January 7, 2022. The RCD bears interest at an annual rate of 9.0 , payable in cash or Common Shares
at the Company s option, until such time that SRSR elects to convert a royalty, with such conversion option expiring at the earlier
of advancement of the Stream or July 7, 2023 (subsequently amended as described below). In the event of conversion, the RCD will cease
to exist and the Company will grant a royalty for 1.85 of life-of-mine gross revenue from mining claims considered to be historically
worked, contiguous to current accessible underground development, and covered by the Company s 2021 ground geophysical survey (the
 SRSR Royalty ). A 1.35 rate will apply to claims outside of these areas. The RCD was initially secured by a share pledge
of the Company s operating subsidiary, Silver Valley, until a full security package was put in place concurrent with the consummation
of the CD1. In the event of non-conversion, the principal of the RCD will be repayable in cash. 

Concurrent
with the funding of the CD2 in June 2022, the Company and SRSR agreed to a number of amendments to the terms of the RCD, including an
amendment of the maturity date from July 7, 2023, to March 31, 2025. The parties also agreed to a Royalty Put Option such that in the
event the RCD is converted into a royalty as described above, the holder of the royalty will be entitled to resell the royalty to the
Company for 8,000,000 upon default under the CD1 or CD2 until such time that the CD1 and CD2 are paid in full. 

The
Company closed the 6,000,000 CD1 on January 28, 2022, which was increased from the previously announced 5,000,000. The CD1 bears interest
at an annual rate of 7.5 , payable in cash or shares at the Company s option, and matures on July 7, 2023 (subsequently amended,
as described below). The CD1 is secured by a pledge of the Company s properties and assets. Until the closing of the Stream, the
CD1 was to be convertible into Common Shares at a price of C 0.30 per Common Share, subject to stock exchange approval (subsequently
amended, as described below). Alternatively, SRSR may elect to retire the CD1 with the cash proceeds from the Stream. The Company may
elect to repay the CD1 early; if SRSR elects not to exercise its conversion option at such time, a minimum of 12 months of interest would
apply. 

Concurrent
with the funding of the CD2 in June 2022, the Company and SRSR agreed to a number of amendments to the terms of the CD1, including that
the maturity date would be amended from July 7, 2023, to March 31, 2025, and that the CD1 would remain outstanding until the new maturity
date regardless of whether the Stream is advanced, unless the Company elects to exercise its option of early repayment. The Company determined
that amendments to the terms should not be treated as an extinguishment of CD1, but as a debt modification. 

The
Company closed the 15,000,000 CD2 on June 17, 2022. The CD2 bears interest at an annual rate of 10.5 , payable in cash or shares at
the Company s option, and matures on March 31, 2025. The CD2 is secured by a pledge of the Company s properties and assets.
The repayment terms include 3 quarterly payments of 2,000,000 each beginning June 30, 2024, and 9,000,000 on the maturity date. Concurrent
with the funding of the CD2 in June 2022, the Company and SRSR agreed that the minimum quantity of metal delivered under the Stream,
if advanced, will increase by 10 relative to the amounts noted above. 

On
December 6, 2022, the Company closed a new 5,000,000 loan facility with Sprott (the Bridge Loan ). The Bridge Loan, which
was primarily utilized to pay outstanding water treatment payables to the EPA, is secured by the same security package that is in place
with respect to the RCD, CD1, and CD2. The Bridge Loan bears interest at a rate of 10.5 per annum and matures at the earlier of (i)
the advance of the Stream, or (ii) June 30, 2024. In addition, the minimum quantity of metal delivered under the Stream, if advanced,
would increase by 5 relative to amounts previously announced. 

A
minimum of 27,000,000 and a maximum of 37,000,000 (the Stream Amount will be made available under the Stream, at the
Company s option, once the conditions of availability of the Stream have been satisfied including confirmation of full project
funding by an independent engineer appointed by SRSR. If the Company draws the maximum funding of 37,000,000, the Stream will apply
to 10 of payable metals sold until a minimum quantity of metal is delivered consisting of, individually, 63.5 million pounds of zinc,
40.4 million pounds of lead, and 1.2 million ounces of silver (including amendments agreed concurrent with closing of the CD2 and Bridge
Loan, as described above). Thereafter, the Stream would apply to 2 of payable metals sold. If the Company elects to draw less than 37,000,000
under the Stream, the percentage and quantities of payable metals streamed will adjust pro-rata. The delivery price of streamed metals
will be 20 of the applicable spot price. The Company may buy back 50 of the Stream Amount at a 1.40x multiple of the Stream Amount
between the second and third anniversary of the date of funding, and at a 1.65x multiple of the Stream Amount between the third and fourth
anniversary of the date of funding. 

6 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Stream had not been advanced. The Company is finalizing discussions with Sprott regarding the advance of the
Stream, which is conditional on satisfactory conclusion of the definitive documentation relating to the Stream, full project funding
for the Bunker Hill Mine and certain other conditions precedent. 

Concurrent
with discussions with Sprott regarding the advance of the Stream, the Company is advancing efforts to secure offtake financing of up
 20 million from third parties to complement the Stream in financing the restart of the Bunker Hill Mine. 

Process
Plant 

On
January 25, 2022, the Company announced that it had entered into a non-binding Memorandum of Understanding MOU with Teck
Resources Limited Teck for the purchase of a comprehensive package of equipment and parts inventory from its Pend Oreille
site (the Process Plant in eastern Washington State, approximately 145 miles from the Bunker Hill Mine by road. The package
comprises substantially all processing equipment of value located at the site, including complete crushing, grinding and flotation circuits
suitable for a planned ~1,500 ton-per-day operation at Bunker Hill, and total inventory of nearly 10,000 components and parts for mill,
assay lab, conveyer, field instruments, and electrical spares. The Company paid a 500,000 non-refundable deposit in January 2022. 

On
March 31, 2022, the Company announced that it had reached an agreement with a subsidiary of Teck to satisfy the remaining purchase price
for the Process Plant by way of an equity issuance of the Company. Teck will receive 10,416,667 units of the Company (the Teck
Units at a deemed issue price of C 0.30 per unit. Each Teck Unit consists of one Common Share and one Common Share purchase warrant
(the Teck Warrants ). Each whole Teck Warrant entitles the holder to acquire one Common Share at a price of C 0.37 per Common
Share for a period of three years. The equity issuance and purchase of the Process Plant occurred on May 13, 2022. 

On
August 30, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase a ball mill from D Angelo International LLC for 675,000. The
purchase of the mill is to be made in three cash payments. The first two payments were made as follows: 

100,000
 on September 15, 2022, as a non-refundable deposit 

100,000
 on October 13, 2022, as a refundable deposit 

The
Company has not made the final payment of 475,000 as of the issuance of this report. 

Business
Operations 

The
Mine is a zinc-lead-silver Mine. When back in production, the Company intends to mill mineral resources on-site to produce both zinc
and lead-silver concentrates which will then be shipped to a third-party smelter for processing. 

Infrastructure 

The
Mine includes all mining rights and claims, surface rights, fee parcels, mineral interests, easements, existing infrastructure at Milo
Gulch, and the majority of machinery and buildings at the Kellogg Tunnel portal level, as well as all equipment and infrastructure anywhere
underground at the Bunker Hill Mine Complex. It also includes all current and historic data relating to the Bunker Hill Mine Complex,
such as drill logs, reports, maps, and similar information located at the Mine site or any other location. 

 For
further detail, please refer to the Project Infrastructure section in Item 2 below. 

7 

Government
Regulation and Approval 

Exploration
and development activities, and any future mining operations, are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing the protection
of the environment, waste disposal, worker safety, mine construction, and protection of endangered and protected species. The Company
has made, and expects to make in the future, significant expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations. Future changes in applicable
laws, regulations and permits or changes in their enforcement or regulatory interpretation could have an adverse impact on the Company s
financial condition or results of operations. 

It may be necessary to obtain the following environmental permits or approved plans prior to commencement of mine
operations: 

Reclamation
 and Closure Plan 

Water
 Discharge Permit 

Air
 Quality Operating Permit 

Industrial
 Artificial (tailings) pond permit 

Obtaining
 Water Rights for Operations 

If these permits are required, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain them in a timely
manner or at all. For
further detail, please refer to the Environmental Studies and Permitting section of the Technical Report Summary 
in Item 2 below. 

Property
Description 

The
Company has mineral rights to approximately 440 patented mining claims covering over 5700 acres. Of these claims, 35 include surface
ownership of approximately 259 acres. It also has certain parcels of fee property which include mineral and surface rights but not patented
mining claims. Mining claims and fee properties are located in Townships 47, 48 North, Range 2 East, Townships 47, 48 North, Range 3
East, Boise Meridian, Shoshone County, Idaho. 

Patented
mining claims in the State of Idaho do not require permits for underground mining activities to commence on private lands. Other permits
associated with underground mining may be required, such as water discharge and site disturbance permits. The water discharge is being
handled by the EPA at the existing CTP. The Company expects to take on the water treatment responsibility in the future and obtain an
appropriate discharge permit. 

For
further detail, please refer to the Property Description and Ownership section of the Technical Report Summary 
in Item 2 below. 

Competition 

The
Company competes with other mining and exploration companies in connection with the acquisition of mining claims and leases on zinc and
other base and precious metals prospects as well as in connection with the recruitment and retention of qualified employees. Many of
these companies are much larger than the Company, have greater financial resources and have been in the mining business for much longer
than it has. As such, these competitors may be in a better position through size, finances and experience to acquire suitable exploration
and development properties. The Company may not be able to compete against these companies in acquiring new properties and/or qualified
people to work on its current project, or any other properties that may be acquired in the future. 

Given
the size of the world market for base precious metals such as silver, lead and zinc, relative to the number of individual producers and
consumers, it is believed that no single company has sufficient market influence to significantly affect the price or supply of these
metals in the world market. 

Employees 

The
Company has ten employees. The balance of the Company s operations is contracted for as consultants. 

Reports
to Security Holders 

The
Company files reports with the SEC under section 15d of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). The reports
will be filed electronically. All copies of any materials filed with the SEC may be read at the SEC s Public Reference Room at
100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that will contain copies of the reports that are filed electronically.
The address for the SEC Internet site is http://www.sec.gov . 

8 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

As
a Smaller Reporting Company, this item is not required under SEC rules. However, the Company believes that it is important to have an
understanding of the risks associated with an investment in the Company. In addition, these risk factors are incorporated by reference
in press releases and other Company publications for purposes of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. 

General
Risk Factors 

The
Company s ability to operate as a going concern is in doubt. 

The
audit opinion and notes that accompany the Company s Financial Statements disclose a going concern qualification to its ability
to continue in business. The accompanying Financial Statements have been prepared under the assumption that the Company will continue
as a going concern. The Company is an exploration and development stage company and has incurred losses since its inception. The Company
has incurred losses resulting in an accumulated deficit of 71,592,559 as of December 31, 2022 and further losses are anticipated in
the development of its business. 

The
Company currently has no historical recurring source of revenue and its ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on its ability
to raise capital to fund its future exploration and working capital requirements or its ability to profitably execute its business plan.
The Company s plans for the long-term return to and continuation as a going concern include financing its future operations through
sales of its Common Shares and/or debt and the eventual profitable exploitation of the Mine. Additionally, the volatility in capital
markets and general economic conditions in the U.S. and elsewhere can pose significant challenges to raising the required funds. These
factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements do not give effect to any adjustments required to realize its assets and discharge
its liabilities in other than the normal course of business and at amounts different from those reflected in the accompanying Financial
Statements. 

The
Company will require significant additional capital to fund its short-term obligations, continue its operations and remain in compliance
with its debt agreements. 

Neither
the Company nor any of the directors of the Company nor any other party can provide any guarantee or assurance that the Company will
be able to raise sufficient capital to satisfy the Company s short-term obligations. The Company does not have sufficient funds
to satisfy its short-term financial obligations, even after consideration of its recently completed equity financing. As at December
31, 2022, the Company had 708,105 in cash and total current liabilities of 10,155,582 and total liabilities of 59,106,835. The Company
will likely require additional capital by the end of the second quarter of 2023 in order to continue its operations. Further, if the
Company does not raise sufficient additional capital, the Company will be in breach of its debt agreements, including under the RCD,
CD1, CD2 and Bridge Loan. 

The
Company may not be able to secure the Stream or alternative funding from Sprott or another capital provider. 

Neither
the Company nor any of the directors of the Company nor any other party can provide any guarantee or assurance that the Stream, the final
contemplated tranche of the full 66,000,000 project financing package, will be finalized or close, or any other funding from Sprott.
The Stream remains subject to Sprott internal approvals, full project funding, further technical and other due diligence and satisfactory
documentation. If the Stream, or a portion thereof, does not close there is no guarantee that alternative capital can be raised on terms
favorable to the Company, or at all. 

Any
additional equity funding, for which there can be no guarantee or assurance with regard to any amount or terms thereof, will dilute existing
shareholders. 

A
concentrate offtake agreement with Teck Resources may not be reached, which could result in less favorable commercial terms for the
sale of concentrates envisaged to be produced by the Bunker Hill Mine and could also impact the Company s ability to secure offtake
financing. Regardless of actions taken by Teck, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to secure or close offtake financing,
which could have an adverse effect on the Company s financial position and negative impact the Company s ability to secure
additional funding from Sprott or an alternative capital provider. 

The
Company may not be able to execute a concentrate offtake agreement for the sale of concentrates to Teck Resources at its Trail smelter,
as contemplated with Teck s option to acquire 100 of zinc and lead concentrate produced in the first five years at the Bunker
Hill Mine. If such an agreement cannot be reached, the Company may not be able to sell its zinc and lead concentrate to Teck, which could
result in difficulties securing alternative commercial arrangements for the sale of concentrate, less favorable commercial terms in
the event that alternative commercial arrangements can be secured, and/or higher transportation and other costs. In addition, the Company
may not be able to secure or close offtake financing, regardless of whether an agreement is reached with Teck; the terms of any offtake
financing might not be favorable to the Company; and/or the Company may incur substantial fees and costs related to such financing.
The Company s inability to secure or close offtake financing, or arrange a suitable alternative, may have an adverse effect on
the Company s operations and financial position, including its ability to secure the Stream from Sprott. 

9 

The
Bunker Hill Mine restart is now expected to take place in 2024, with first concentrate production targeted for mid-2024. Changes to this
timeline, or other factors impacting the restart project budget, could increase the Company s required capital needs through the
completion of the project, which would adversely affect the Company s ability to secure additional funding, thereby adversely affecting
its financial condition. 

On
February 28, 2023, the Company announced that primarily due to the inability to procure certain long-lead items that were planned to be
ordered by February 2023, and longer estimated delivery times thereof, the Company now expects the Bunker Hill Mine restart to be achieved
in 2024. On March 10, 2023, the Company announced that it has maintained the integrity of its total pre-production budget, under the
assumption of first concentrate production in the second quarter of 2024. 

In
the event that the Company is unable to secure sufficient funding to materially advance the restart of the Mine in the second quarter
of 2023, from Sprott or an alternative capital provider, it is likely that the restart timeline will be further delayed with a potentially
materially adverse effect on the pre-production budget. 

Notwithstanding
financing-related risks, the Company s pre-production budget estimates are subject to change based on factors beyond its control,
including but not limited to cost inflation and supply chain dynamics. An increase in the Company s pre-production budget estimates
could have a materially adverse impact on its ability to secure project financing. This could have a material adverse effect on its financial
condition, results of operations, or prospects. Sales of substantial amounts of securities may have a highly dilutive effect on the Company s
ownership or share structure. Sales of a large number of shares of the Company s Common Shares in the public markets, or the potential
for such sales, could decrease the trading price of the Common Shares and could impair the Company s ability to raise capital through
future sales of Common Shares. The Company has not yet commenced commercial production at any of its properties and, therefore, has not
generated positive cash flows to date and has no reasonable prospects of doing so unless successful commercial production can be achieved
at the Mine. The Company expects to continue to incur negative investing and operating cash flows until such time as it enters into successful
commercial production. This will require the Company to deploy its working capital to fund such negative cash flow and to seek additional
sources of financing. There is no assurance that any such financing sources will be available or sufficient to meet the Company s
requirements, or if available, available upon terms acceptable to the Company. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to
continue to raise equity capital or to secure additional debt financing, or that the Company will not continue to incur losses. 

Payment
bonds securing 17,000,000 due by the Company to the EPA for cost recovery may not be renewable or may only be renewable on terms that
are unfavorable to the Company, which would adversely affect its financial condition or cause a default under the revised settlement
agreement with the EPA and Sprott. 

In
2022, the Company secured financial assurance in the form of payment bonds in accordance with the revised settlement agreement with the
EPA, in relation to 17,000,000 of payments due to the EPA for cost recovery between 2024-2029. These bonds are renewed annually, and
currently require 6,476,000 of collateral in the form of letters of credit. To the extent that the parties providing the payment bonds
demand additional collateral beyond the current requirements, or other unfavorable terms or conditions, the Company may not be able to
renew the payment bonds on favorable conditions, or at all. This could have a materially adverse impact on the Company, including a potential
default under the revised settlement agreement with the EPA. 

The
Company has a limited operating history on which to base an evaluation of its business and prospects. 

Since
its inception, the Company has had no revenue from operations. The Company has no history of producing products from the Bunker Hill
property. The Mine is a historic, past producing mine with very little recent exploration work. Advancing the Mine through the development
stage will require significant capital and time, and successful commercial production from the Mine will be subject to completing the
requisite studies, permitting and re-commissioning of the Mine, constructing a processing plant, and other related works and infrastructure.
As a result, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with developing and establishing new mining operations and business
enterprises, including: 

completion
 of studies to verify reserves and commercial viability, including the ability to find sufficient ore reserves to support a commercial
 mining operation; 

the
 timing and cost, which can be considerable, of further exploration, preparing feasibility studies, permitting and construction of
 infrastructure, mining and processing facilities; 

the
 availability and costs of drill equipment, exploration personnel, skilled labor, and mining and processing equipment, if required; 

the
 availability and cost of appropriate smelting and/or refining arrangements, if required; 

compliance
 with stringent environmental and other governmental approval and permit requirements; 

the
 availability of funds to finance exploration, development, and construction activities, as warranted; 

potential
 opposition from non-governmental organizations, local groups or local inhabitants that may delay or prevent development activities; 

potential
 increases in exploration, construction, and operating costs due to changes in the cost of fuel, power, materials, and supplies; and 

potential
 shortages of mineral processing, construction, and other facilities related supplies. 

10 

The
costs, timing, and complexities of exploration, development, and construction activities may be increased by the location of its properties
and demand by other mineral exploration and mining companies. It is common in exploration programs to experience unexpected problems
and delays during drill programs and, if commenced, development, construction, and mine start-up. In addition, the Company s management
and workforce will need to be expanded, and sufficient housing and other support systems for its workforce will have to be established.
This could result in delays in the commencement of mineral production and increased costs of production. Accordingly, the Company s
activities may not result in profitable mining operations, and it may not succeed in establishing mining operations or profitably producing
metals at any of its current or future properties, including the Mine. 

The
Company has a history of losses and expects to continue to incur losses in the future. 

The
Company has incurred losses since inception, has had negative cash flow from operating activities, and expects to continue to incur losses
in the future. The Company has incurred the following losses from operations during each of the following periods: 

16,487,161
 for the year ended December 31, 2022; and 

18,752,504
 for the year ended December 31, 2021 

The
Company expects to continue to incur losses unless and until such time as the Mine enters into commercial production and generates sufficient
revenues to fund continuing operations. The Company recognizes that if it is unable to generate significant revenues from mining operations
and dispositions of its properties, the Company will not be able to earn profits or continue operations. At this early stage of its operation,
the Company also expects to face the risks, uncertainties, expenses, and difficulties frequently encountered by smaller reporting companies.
The Company cannot be sure that it will be successful in addressing these risks and uncertainties and its failure to do so could have
a materially adverse effect on its financial condition. 

Epidemics,
pandemics or other public health crises, including COVID-19, could adversely affect the Company s business. 

The
Company s operations could be significantly adversely affected by the effects of a widespread outbreak of epidemics, pandemics
or other health crises, including the recent outbreak of respiratory illness caused by the novel coronavirus COVID-19 ),
which was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 12, 2020. The Company cannot accurately predict the impact COVID-19
or some future variant would have on its operations and the ability of others to meet their obligations with the Company, including uncertainties relating to
the ultimate geographic spread of the virus, the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, and the length of travel and
quarantine restrictions imposed by governments of affected countries. In addition, a significant outbreak of contagious diseases in the
human population could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries,
resulting in an economic downturn that could further affect the Company s operations and ability to finance its operations. 

The
Russia/Ukraine crisis, including the impact of sanctions or retributions thereto, could adversely affect the Company s business. 

The
Company s operations could be adversely affected by the effects of the escalating Russia/Ukraine crisis and the effects of sanctions
imposed against Russia or that country s retributions against those sanctions, embargos or further-reaching impacts upon energy
prices, food prices and market disruptions. The Company cannot accurately predict the impact the crisis will have on its operations and
the ability of contractors to meet their obligations with the Company, including uncertainties relating the severity of its effects,
the duration of the conflict, and the length and magnitude of energy bans, embargos and restrictions imposed by governments. In addition,
the crisis could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of the United States in general, resulting in an economic downturn
that could further affect the Company s operations and ability to finance its operations. Additionally, the Company cannot predict
changes in precious metals pricing or changes in commodities pricing which may alternately affect the Company either positively or negatively. 

Risks
Related to Mining and Exploration 

The
Company is in the development stage. 

11 

The
nature of mineral exploration and production activities involves a high degree of risk and the possibility of uninsured losses. 

Exploration
for and the production of minerals is highly speculative and involves much greater risk than many other businesses. Most exploration
programs do not result in the discovery of mineralization, and any mineralization discovered may not be of sufficient quantity or quality
to be profitably mined. The Company s operations are, and any future development or mining operations the Company may conduct will
be, subject to all of the operating hazards and risks normally incidental to exploring for and development of mineral properties, including,
but not limited to: 

economically
 insufficient mineralized material; 

fluctuation
 in production costs that make mining uneconomical; 

labor
 disputes; 

unanticipated
 variations in grade and other geologic problems; 

environmental
 hazards; 

water
 conditions; 

difficult
 surface or underground conditions; 

industrial
 accidents; 

metallurgic
 and other processing problems; 

mechanical
 and equipment performance problems; 

failure
 of dams, stockpiles, wastewater transportation systems, or impoundments; 

unusual
 or unexpected rock formations; and 

personal
 injury, fire, flooding, cave-ins and landslides. 

Any
of these risks can materially and adversely affect, among other things, the development of properties, production quantities and rates,
costs and expenditures, potential revenues, and production dates. If the Company determines that capitalized costs associated with any
of its mineral interests are not likely to be recovered, the Company would incur a write-down of its investment in these interests. All these factors may result in losses in relation to amounts spent that are not recoverable, or that result in additional expenses. 

Commodity
price volatility could have dramatic effects on the results of operations and the Company s ability to execute its business plan. 

The
price of commodities varies on a daily basis. The Company s future revenues, if any, will likely be derived from the extraction
and sale of base and precious metals. The price of those commodities has fluctuated widely, particularly in recent years, and is affected
by numerous factors beyond its control including economic and political trends, expectations of inflation, currency exchange fluctuations,
interest rates, global and regional consumptive patterns, speculative activities and increased production due to new extraction developments
and improved extraction and production methods. The effect of these factors on the price of base and precious metals, and therefore the
economic viability of the Company s business, could negatively affect its ability to secure financing or its results of operations. 

The
Company s development and production plans, and cost estimates, in the Technical Report Summary may vary and/or not be achieved. 

There
is no certainty that the Technical Report Summary will be realized. The decision to implement the Mine restart scenario to be included
in the Technical Report Summary will not be based on a feasibility study of mineral reserves demonstrating economic and technical viability,
and therefore there is increased risk that the Technical Report Summary results will not be realized. If the Company is unable to achieve
the results in the Technical Report Summary, it may have a material negative impact on the Company and its capital investment to implement
the restart scenario may be lost. 

Costs
charged to the Company by the Idaho Department of Environmental Quality IDEQ for treatment of wastewater fluctuate a
great deal and are not within the Company s control. 

The
Company is billed annually for water treatment activities performed by the IDEQ for the EPA. The water treatment costs that Bunker Hill
is billed for are partially related to the EPA s direct cost of treating the water emanating from the Bunker Hill Mine, which are
comprised of lime and flocculant usage, electricity consumption, maintenance and repair, labor and some overhead. Rate of discharge of
effluent from the Bunker Hill Mine is largely dependent on the level of precipitation within a given year and how close in the calendar
year the Company is to the spring run-off. Increases in water infiltrations and gravity flows within the mine generally increase after
winter and result in a peak discharge rate in May. Increases in gravity flow and consequently the rate of water discharged by the mine
have a highly robust correlation with metal concentrations and consequently metals loads of effluent. 

Hydraulic
loads (quantities of water per unit of time) and metal loads (quantities of metals per unit of volume of effluent per unit of time) are
the two main determinants of cost of water treatment by the EPA in the relationship with the Bunker Hill Mine because greater metal loads
consume more lime and more flocculent and more electricity to remove the increased levels of metals and make the water clean. The scale
of the treatment plant is determined by how much total water can be processed (hydraulic load) at any one point in time. This determines
how much labor is required to operate the plant and generally determines the amount of overhead required to run the EPA business. 

12 

The
EPA has completed significant upgrades to the water treatment capabilities of the CTP and is now capable of producing treated water than
can meet a much higher discharge standard (which Bunker Hill will be forced to meet beyond May 2023). While it was understood that improved
performance capability would increase the cost of operating the plant, it was unclear to EPA, and consequently to Bunker Hill, how much
the costs would increase by. 

These
elements described above, and others, impact the direct costs of water treatment. A significant portion of the total amount invoiced
by EPA each year is indirect cost that is determined as a percentage of the direct cost. Each year the indirect costs percentage changes
within each region of the EPA. Bunker Hill has no ability to impact the percentage of indirect cost that is set by the EPA regional office.
Bunker Hill also has no advanced notice of what the percentage of indirect cost will be until it receives its invoice in June of the
year following the billing period. The Company remains unable to estimate EPA billings to a high degree of accuracy. 

Estimates
of mineral reserves and resources are subject to evaluation uncertainties that could result in project failure. 

Its
exploration and future mining operations, if any, are and would be faced with risks associated with being able to accurately predict
the quantity and quality of mineral resources/reserves within the earth using statistical sampling techniques. Estimates of any mineral
resource/reserve on the Mine would be made using samples obtained from appropriately placed trenches, test pits, underground workings,
and intelligently designed drilling. There is an inherent variability of assays between check and duplicate samples taken adjacent to
each other and between sampling points that cannot be reasonably eliminated. Additionally, there also may be unknown geologic details
that have not been identified or correctly appreciated at the current level of accumulated knowledge about the Mine. This could result
in uncertainties that cannot be reasonably eliminated from the process of estimating mineral resources/reserves. If these estimates were
to prove to be unreliable, the Company could implement an exploitation plan that may not lead to commercially viable operations in the
future. 

Any
material changes in mineral resource/reserve estimates and grades of mineralization will affect the economic viability of placing a property
into production and a property s return on capital. 

As
the Company has not commenced actual production, mineral resource estimates may require adjustments or downward revisions. In addition,
the grade of ore ultimately mined, if any, may differ from that indicated by future feasibility studies and drill results. Minerals recovered
in small scale tests may not be duplicated in large scale tests under on-site conditions or in production scale. 

The
Company s exploration activities may not be commercially successful, which could lead the Company to abandon its plans to develop
the Mine and its investments in exploration. 

The
Company s long-term success depends on its ability to identify mineral deposits on the Mine and other properties the Company may
acquire, if any, that the Company can then develop into commercially viable mining operations. Mineral exploration is highly speculative
in nature, involves many risks, and is frequently non-productive. These risks include unusual or unexpected geologic formations, and
the inability to obtain suitable or adequate machinery, equipment, or labor. The success of commodity exploration is determined in part
by the following factors: 

the
 identification of potential mineralization based on surficial analysis; 

availability
 of government-granted exploration permits; 

the
 quality of its management and its geological and technical expertise; and 

the
 capital available for exploration and development work. 

Substantial
expenditures are required to establish proven and probable reserves through drilling and analysis, to develop metallurgical processes
to extract metal, and to develop the mining and processing facilities and infrastructure at any site chosen for mining. Whether a mineral
deposit will be commercially viable depends on a number of factors that include, without limitation, the particular attributes of the
deposit, such as size, grade, and proximity to infrastructure; commodity prices, which can fluctuate widely; and government regulations,
including, without limitation, regulations relating to prices, taxes, royalties, land tenure, land use, importing and exporting of minerals,
and environmental protection. The Company may invest significant capital and resources in exploration activities and may abandon such
investments if the Company is unable to identify commercially exploitable mineral reserves. The decision to abandon a project may have
an adverse effect on the market value of the Company s securities and the ability to raise future financing. 

13 

The
Company is subject to significant governmental regulations that affect its operations and costs of conducting its business and may not
be able to obtain all required permits and licenses to place its properties into production. 

The
Company s current and future operations, including exploration and, development of the Mine, do and will require
permits from governmental authorities and will be governed by laws and regulations, including: 

laws
 and regulations governing mineral concession acquisition, prospecting, development, mining, and production; 

laws
 and regulations related to exports, taxes, and fees; 

labor
 standards and regulations related to occupational health and mine safety; and 

environmental
 standards and regulations related to waste disposal, toxic substances, land use reclamation, and environmental protection. 

Specifically, it may be necessary
to obtain the following environmental permits or approved plans prior to commencement of mine operations: 

Reclamation and Closure Plan 

Water Discharge Permit 

Air Quality Operating Permit 

Industrial Artificial (tailings) pond permit 

Obtaining Water Rights for Operations 

If these permits are required, there can be no assurance
that the Company will be able to obtain them in a timely manner or at all. 

Companies
engaged in exploration activities often experience increased costs and delays in production and other schedules as a result of the need
to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and permits. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and permits may result
in enforcement actions, including the forfeiture of mineral claims or other mineral tenures, orders issued by regulatory or judicial
authorities requiring operations to cease or be curtailed, and may include corrective measures requiring capital expenditures, installation
of additional equipment, or costly remedial actions. The Company cannot predict if all permits that it may require for continued exploration,
development, or construction of mining facilities and conduct of mining operations will be obtainable on reasonable terms, if at all.
Costs related to applying for and obtaining permits and licenses may be prohibitive and could delay its planned exploration and development
activities. The Company may be required to compensate those suffering loss or damage by reason of the mineral exploration or its mining
activities, if any, and may have civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed for violations of, or its failure to comply with, such
laws, regulations, and permits. 

Existing
and possible future laws, regulations, and permits governing operations and activities of exploration companies, or more stringent implementation
of such laws, regulations and permits, could have a material adverse impact on the Company s business and cause increases in capital
expenditures or require abandonment or delays in exploration. The Mine is located in Northern Idaho and has numerous clearly defined
regulations with respect to permitting mines, which could potentially impact the total time to market for the project. 

The
Company s activities are subject to environmental laws and regulations that may increase its costs of doing business and restrict
its operations. 

Both
mineral exploration and extraction require permits from various federal, state, and local governmental authorities and are governed by
laws and regulations, including those with respect to prospecting, mine development, mineral production, transport, export, taxation,
labor standards, occupational health, waste disposal, toxic substances, land use, environmental protection, mine safety and other matters.
There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain or maintain any of the permits required for the exploration of the
mineral properties or for the construction and operation of the Mine at economically viable costs. If the Company cannot accomplish these
objectives, its business could fail. The Company believes that it is in compliance with all material laws and regulations that currently
apply to its activities but there can be no assurance that the Company can continue to remain in compliance. Current laws and regulations
could be amended, and the Company might not be able to comply with them, as amended. Further, there can be no assurance that the Company
will be able to obtain or maintain all permits necessary for its future operations, or that it will be able to obtain them on reasonable
terms. To the extent such approvals are required and are not obtained, the Company may be delayed or prohibited from proceeding with
planned exploration or development of the mineral properties. 

The
Company s activities are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing environmental protection. The Company is also subject
to various reclamation-related conditions. Although the Company closely follows and believes it is operating in compliance with
all applicable environmental regulations, there can be no assurance that all future requirements will be obtainable on reasonable terms.
Failure to comply may result in enforcement actions causing operations to cease or be curtailed and may include corrective measures requiring
capital expenditures. Intense lobbying over environmental concerns by non-governmental organizations has caused some governments to cancel
or restrict development of mining projects. Current publicized concern over climate change may lead to carbon taxes, requirements for
carbon offset purchases or new regulation. The costs or likelihood of such potential issues to the Company cannot be estimated at this
time. 

The
legal framework governing this area is constantly developing, therefore the Company is unable to fully ascertain any future liability
that may arise from the implementation of any new laws or regulations, although such laws and regulations are typically strict and may
impose severe penalties (financial or otherwise). The proposed activities of the Company, as with any exploration company, may have an
environmental impact which may result in unbudgeted delays, damage, loss and other costs and obligations including, without limitation,
rehabilitation and/or compensation. There is also a risk that the Company s operations and financial position may be adversely
affected by the actions of environmental groups or any other group or person opposed in general to the Company s activities and,
in particular, the proposed exploration and mining by the Company within the state of Idaho and the United States. 

Environmental
hazards unknown to the Company, which have been caused by previous or existing owners or operators of the Mine, may exist on the properties
in which the Company holds an interest. Many of the properties in which the Company has ownership rights are located within the Coeur
d Alene Mining District, which is currently the site of a Federal Superfund cleanup project. It is possible that environmental
cleanup or other environmental restoration procedures could remain to be completed or mandated by law, causing unpredictable and unexpected
liabilities to arise. 

14 

Regulations
and pending legislation governing issues involving climate change could result in increased operating costs, which could have a material
adverse effect on the Company s business. 

A
number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating legislative and/or regulatory changes in response to
concerns about the potential impact of climate change. Legislation and increased regulation regarding climate change could impose significant
costs on the Company, on its future venture partners, if any, and on its suppliers, including costs related to increased energy requirements,
capital equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting, and other costs necessary to comply with such regulations. Any adopted future
climate change regulations could also negatively impact the Company s ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject
to such limitations. Given the emotional and political significance and uncertainty surrounding the impact of climate change and how
it should be dealt with, the Company cannot predict how legislation and regulation will ultimately affect its financial condition, operating
performance, and ability to compete. Furthermore, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the
global marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by the Company or other companies in its industry could harm the Company s
reputation. The potential physical impacts of climate change on its operations are highly uncertain, could be particular to the geographic
circumstances in areas in which the Company operates and may include changes in rainfall and storm patterns and intensities, water shortages,
changing sea levels, and changing temperatures. These impacts may adversely impact the cost, production, and financial performance of
the Company s operations. 

There
are several governmental regulations that materially restrict mineral exploration. The Company will be subject to the federal regulations
(environmental) and the laws of the State of Idaho as the Company carries out its exploration program. The Company may be required to
obtain additional work permits, post bonds and perform remediation work for any physical disturbance to the land in order to comply with
these laws. While the Company s planned exploration program budgets for regulatory compliance, there is a risk that new regulations
could increase its costs of doing business and prevent it from carrying out its exploration program. 

Land
reclamation requirements for the Company s properties may be burdensome and expensive. 

Although
variable depending on location and the governing authority, land reclamation requirements are generally imposed on mineral exploration
companies (as well as companies with mining operations) in order to minimize long-term effects of land disturbance. 

Reclamation
may include requirements to: 

control
 dispersion of potentially deleterious effluents; 

treat
 ground and surface water to drinking water standards; and 

reasonably
 re-establish pre-disturbance landforms and vegetation. 

To date, the Company has not been subject to
reclamation or bonding obligations in connection with its past or potential future development activities. If these obligations were
to occur in the future, or if the Company is required to carry out reclamation work, the Company must allocate financial resources
that might otherwise be spent on further exploration and development programs. 

Social
and environmental activism may have an adverse effect on the reputation and financial condition of the Company or its relationship with
the communities in which it operates. 

There
is an increasing level of public concern relating to the effects of mining on the nature landscape, in communities and on the environment.
Certain non-governmental organizations, public interest groups and reporting organizations NGOs who oppose resource development
can be vocal critics of the mining industry. In addition, there have been many instances in which local community groups have opposed
resource extraction activities, which have resulted in disruption and delays to the relevant operation. While the Company seeks to operate
in a socially responsible manner and believes it has good relationships with local communities in the regions in which it operates, NGOs
or local community organizations could direct adverse publicity against and/or disrupt the operations of the Company in respect to one
or more of its properties, regardless of its successful compliance with social and environmental best practices, due to political factors,
activities of unrelated third parties on lands in which the Company has an interest or the Company s operations specifically. Any
such actions and the resulting media coverage could have an adverse effect on the reputation and financial condition of the Company or
its relationships with the communities in which it operates, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business,
financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects. 

15 

The
mineral exploration and mining industry is highly competitive. 

The
mining industry is intensely competitive in all of its phases. As a result of this competition, some of which is with large established
mining companies with substantial capabilities and with greater financial and technical resources than the Company s, the Company
may be unable to acquire additional properties, if any, or financing on terms it considers acceptable. The Company also competes with
other mining companies in the recruitment and retention of qualified managerial and technical employees. If the Company is unable to
successfully compete for qualified employees, its exploration and development programs may be slowed down or suspended. The Company competes
with other companies that produce its planned commercial products for capital. If the Company is unable to raise sufficient capital,
its exploration and development programs may be jeopardized or it may not be able to acquire, develop, or operate additional mining projects. 

The
silver industry is highly competitive, and the Company is required to compete with other corporations and business entities, many of
which have greater resources than it does. Such corporations and other business entities could outbid the Company for potential projects
or produce minerals at lower costs, which would have a negative effect on the Company s operations. 

Metal
prices are highly volatile. If a profitable market for its metals does not exist, the Company may have to cease operations. 

Mineral
prices have been highly volatile and are affected by numerous international economic and political factors over which the Company has
no control. The Company s long-term success is highly dependent upon the price of silver, as the economic feasibility of any ore
body discovered on its current property, or on other properties the Company may acquire in the future, would, in large part, be determined
by the prevailing market price of the minerals. If a profitable market does not exist, the Company may have to cease operations. 

A
shortage of equipment and supplies could adversely affect the Company s ability to operate its business. 

The
Company is dependent on various supplies and equipment to carry out its mining exploration and, if warranted, development operations.
Any shortage of such supplies, equipment, and parts could have a material adverse effect on the Company s ability to carry out
its operations and could therefore limit, or increase the cost of, production. 

Joint
ventures and other partnerships, including offtake arrangements, may expose the Company to risks. 

The
Company may enter into joint ventures, partnership arrangements, or offtake agreements, with other parties in relation to the exploration,
development, and production of the properties in which the Company has an interest. Any failure of such other companies to meet their
obligations to the Company or to third parties, or any disputes with respect to the parties respective rights and obligations,
could have a material adverse effect on the Company, the development and production at its properties, including the Mine, and on future
joint ventures, if any, or their properties, and therefore could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial
performance, cash flows and the price of its Common Shares. 

The
Company may experience difficulty attracting and retaining qualified management to meet the needs of its anticipated growth, and the
failure to manage its growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition. 

The
success of the Company is currently largely dependent on the performance of its directors and officers. The loss of the services of any
of these people could have a materially adverse effect on the Company s business and prospects. There is no assurance the Company
can maintain the services of its directors, officers or other qualified personnel required to operate its business. As the Company s
business activity grows, the Company will require additional key financial, administrative and mining personnel as well as additional
operations staff. There can be no assurance that these efforts will be successful in attracting, training and retaining qualified personnel
as competition for people with these skill sets increase. If the Company is not successful in attracting, training and retaining qualified
personnel, the efficiency of its operations could be impaired, which could have an adverse impact on the Company s operations and
financial condition. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic may cause the Company to have inadequate access to an available skilled workforce
and qualified personnel, which could have an adverse impact on the Company s financial performance and financial condition. 

The
Company is dependent on a relatively small number of key employees, including its Chief Executive Officer (the CEO and
Chief Financial Officer (the CFO ). The loss of any officer could have an adverse effect on the Company. The Company has
no life insurance on any individual, and the Company may be unable to hire a suitable replacement for them on favorable terms, should
that become necessary. 

16 

The
Company may be subject to potential conflicts of interest with its directors and/or officers. 

Certain
directors and officers of the Company are or may become associated with other mining and/or mineral exploration and development companies
which may give rise to conflicts of interest. Directors who have a material interest in any person who is a party to a material contract
or a proposed material contract with the Company are required, subject to certain exceptions, to disclose that interest and generally
abstain from voting on any resolution to approve such a contract. In addition, directors and officers are required to act honestly and
in good faith with a view to the best interests of the Company. Some of the directors and officers of the Company have either other full-time
employment or other business or time restrictions placed on them and accordingly, the Company will not be the only business enterprise
of these directors and officers. Further, any failure of the directors or officers of the Company to address these conflicts in an appropriate
manner or to allocate opportunities that they become aware of to the Company could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects. 

The
Company s results of operations could be affected by currency fluctuations. 

The
Company s properties are currently all located in the U.S. and while most costs associated with these properties are paid in U.S.
dollars, a significant amount of its administrative expenses are payable in Canadian dollars. There can be significant swings in the
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Canadian dollar. There are no plans at this time to hedge against any exchange rate fluctuations
in currencies. 

Title
to the Company s properties may be subject to other claims that could affect its property rights and claims. 

There
are risks that title to the Company s properties may be challenged or impugned. The Mine is located in Northern Idaho and may be
subject to prior unrecorded agreements or transfers and title may be affected by undetected defects. 

The
Company may be unable to secure surface access or purchase required surface rights. 

Although
the Company obtains the rights to some or all of the minerals in the ground subject to the mineral tenures that the Company acquires,
or has the right to acquire, in some cases the Company may not acquire any rights to, or ownership of, the surface to the areas covered
by such mineral tenures. In such cases, applicable mining laws usually provide for rights of access to the surface for the purpose of
carrying on mining activities; however, the enforcement of such rights through the courts can be costly and time consuming. It is necessary
to negotiate surface access or to purchase the surface rights if long-term access is required. There can be no guarantee that, despite
having the right at law to access the surface and carry on mining activities, the Company will be able to negotiate satisfactory agreements
with any such existing landowners/occupiers for such access or purchase of such surface rights, and therefore the Company may be unable
to carry out planned mining activities. In addition, in circumstances where such access is denied, or no agreement can be reached, the
Company may need to rely on the assistance of local officials or the courts in such jurisdiction, the outcomes of which cannot be predicted
with any certainty. The Company s inability to secure surface access or purchase required surface rights could materially and adversely
affect its timing, cost, or overall ability to develop any mineral deposits the Company may locate. 

The
Company s properties and operations may be subject to litigation or other claims. 

From
time to time the Company s properties or operations may be subject to disputes that may result in litigation or other legal claims.
The Company may be required to take countermeasures or defend against these claims, which will divert resources and management time from
operations. The costs of these claims or adverse filings may have a material effect on its business and results of operations. 

Mineral
exploration and development is subject to extraordinary operating risks. The Company currently insures against these risks on a limited
basis. In the event of a cave-in or similar occurrence, the Company s liability may exceed its resources and insurance coverage,
which would have an adverse impact on the Company. 

Mineral
exploration, development and production involve many risks. The Company s operations will be subject to all the hazards and risks
inherent in the exploration for mineral resources and, if the Company discovers a mineral resource in commercially exploitable quantity,
its operations could be subject to all of the hazards and risks inherent in the development and production of resources, including liability
for pollution, cave-ins or similar hazards against which the Company cannot insure or against which the Company may elect not to insure.
Any such event could result in work stoppages and damage to property, including damage to the environment. As of the date hereof, the
Company currently maintains commercial general liability insurance and umbrella liability insurance against these operating hazards,
in connection with its exploration program. The payment of any liabilities that arise from any such occurrence that would not otherwise
be covered under the current insurance policies would have a material adverse impact on the Company. 

17 

Mineral
exploration and development are dependent on adequate infrastructure. 

Exploration,
development and processing activities depend, to one degree or another, on adequate infrastructure. Reliable roads, bridges, power sources
and water supply are important elements of infrastructure, which affect access, capital and operating costs. The lack of availability
of acceptable terms or the delay in the availability of any one or more of these items could prevent or delay exploration or development
of the Company s mineral properties. If adequate infrastructure is not available in a timely manner, there can be no assurance
that the exploration or development of the Company s mineral properties will be commenced or completed on a timely basis, if at
all. Furthermore, unusual or infrequent weather phenomena, sabotage, government or other interference in the maintenance or provision
of necessary infrastructure could adversely affect its operations. 

Exploration
operations depend on adequate infrastructure. In particular, reliable power sources, water supply, transportation and surface facilities
are necessary to explore and develop mineral projects. Failure to adequately meet these infrastructure requirements or changes in the
cost of such requirements could affect the Company s ability to carry out exploration and future development operations and could
have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects. 

The
Company may purchase additional mining properties. 

If
the Company loses or abandons its interests in its mineral properties, there is no assurance that it will be able to acquire another
mineral property of merit or that such an acquisition would be approved by the CSE, OTCQB or any other applicable security exchanges.
There is also no guarantee that the CSE, OTCQB or any other applicable security exchanges, will approve the acquisition of any additional
properties by the Company, whether by way of an option or otherwise, should the Company wish to acquire any additional properties. 

The
Company s operations are dependent on information technology systems that may be subject to network disruptions 

The
Company s operations depend on information technology IT systems. These IT systems could be subject to network
disruptions caused by a variety of sources, including computer viruses, security breaches and cyber-attacks, as well as disruptions resulting
from incidents such as cable cuts, damage to physical plants, natural disasters, terrorism, fire, power loss, vandalism and theft. The
Company s operations also depend on the timely maintenance, upgrade and replacement of networks, equipment, IT systems and software,
as well as pre-emptive expenses to mitigate the risks of failures. Any of these and other events could result in information system failures,
delays and/or increase in capital expenses. The failure of information systems or a component of information systems could, depending
on the nature of any such failure, adversely impact the Company s reputation and results of operations. 

Although
to date the Company has not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, there can
be no assurance that the Company will not incur such losses in the future. The Company s risk and exposure to these matters cannot
be fully mitigated because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats. As a result, cyber security and the continued
development and enhancement of controls, processes and practices designed to protect systems, computers, software, data and networks
from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority. As cyber threats continue to evolve, the Company may be required to expend
additional resources to continue to modify or enhance protective measures or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. 

The
Company is a reporting issuer and reporting requirements under applicable securities laws may increase legal and financial compliance
costs 

The
Company is subject to reporting requirements under applicable securities law, the listing requirements of the CSE, the OTCQB, the SEC
and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these requirements can increase legal and financial compliance
costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly, and increase demand on existing systems and resources. Among
other things, the Company is required to file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to its business and results of operations
and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if
required, improve disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant
resources and management oversight is required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns,
which could harm the Company s business and results of operations. The Company may need to hire additional employees to comply
with these requirements in the future, which would increase its costs and expenses. 

R isks
Related to the Common Shares 

The
Company s Common Share price may be volatile and as a result, investors could lose all or part of their investment. 

In
addition to volatility associated with equity securities in general, the value of an investor s investment could decline due to
the impact of any of the following factors upon the market price of the Common Shares: 

disappointing
 results from the Company s exploration efforts; 

decline
 in demand for its Common Shares; 

downward
 revisions in securities analysts estimates or changes in general market conditions; 

technological
 innovations by competitors or in competing technologies; 

investor
 perception of the Company s industry or its prospects; and 

general
 economic trends. 

18 

The
Company s Common Share price on the CSE has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. Stock markets in general have
experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, and the market prices of securities have been highly volatile. These fluctuations
are often unrelated to operating performance and may adversely affect the market price of the Common Shares. As a result, an investor
may be unable to sell any Common Shares such investor acquires at a desired price. 

Potential
future sales under Rule 144 may depress the market price for the Company s Common Shares. 

In
general, under Rule 144, a person who has satisfied a minimum holding period of between 6 months and one-year and any other applicable
requirements of Rule 144, may thereafter sell such shares publicly. A significant number of the Company s currently issued and
outstanding Common Shares held by existing shareholders, including officers and directors and other principal shareholders, are currently
eligible for resale pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Rule 144. The possible future sale of the Company s Common
Shares by its existing shareholders, pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Rule 144, may have a depressive effect on the
price of its Common Shares in the over-the-counter market. 

The
Company s Common Shares are currently deemed a penny stock , which may make it more difficult for investors to sell
their Common Shares. 

The
SEC has adopted regulations which generally define penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price less than
 5.00 per Common Share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per Common Share, subject to certain exceptions. The Company s s
securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons
other than established customers and accredited investors . The term accredited investor refers generally
to institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000, exclusive of their principal
residence, or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a
form prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The
broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer
and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s
account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer
orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s
confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these
rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and
receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the
level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny
stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade its securities. The Company believes that the penny stock rules may discourage
investor interest in and limit the marketability of its Common Shares. 

The
Company has never paid dividends on its Common Shares. 

The
Company has not paid dividends on its Common Shares to date, and it does not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. The
Company intends to retain its initial earnings, if any, to finance its operations. Any future dividends on Common Shares will depend
upon the Company s earnings, its then-existing financial requirements, and other factors, and will be at the discretion of the
Board. 

FINRA
has adopted sales practice requirements, which may also limit an investor s ability to buy and sell the Company s Common
Shares. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment
to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to
recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain
information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy the Company s
Common Shares, which may limit an investor s ability to buy and sell its stock and have an adverse effect on the market for the
Common Shares. 

19 

Investors 
interests in the Company will be diluted and investors may suffer dilution in their net book value per share of Common Shares if the
Company issues additional employee/director/consultant options or if the Company sells additional Common Shares and/or warrants to finance
its operations. 

In
order to further expand the Company s operations and meet its objectives, any additional growth and/or expanded exploration activity
will likely need to be financed through sale of and issuance of additional Common Shares, including, but not limited to, raising funds
to explore the Mine. Furthermore, to finance any acquisition activity, should that activity be properly approved, and depending on the
outcome of its exploration programs, the Company likely will also need to issue additional Common Shares to finance future acquisitions,
growth, and/or additional exploration programs of any or all of its projects or to acquire additional properties. The Company will also
in the future grant some or all of its directors, officers, and key employees and/or consultants options to purchase Common Shares
as non-cash incentives. The issuance of any equity securities could, and the issuance of any additional Common Shares will, cause the
Company s existing shareholders to experience dilution of their ownership interests. 

If
the Company issues additional Common Shares or decides to enter into joint ventures with other parties in order to raise financing through
the sale of equity securities, investors interests in the Company will be diluted and investors may suffer dilution in their net
book value per share of Common Shares depending on the price at which such securities are sold. 

The
issuance of additional shares of Common Shares may negatively impact the trading price of the Company s securities. 

The
Company has issued Common Shares in the past and will continue to issue Common Shares to finance its activities in the future. In addition,
newly issued or outstanding options, warrants, and broker warrants to purchase Common Shares may be exercised, resulting in the issuance
of additional Common Shares. Any such issuance of additional Common Shares would result in dilution to the Company s shareholders,
and even the perception that such an issuance may occur could have a negative impact on the trading price of the Common Shares. 

The
Common Shares could be influenced by research and reports that industry or securities analyst may be published. 

The
trading market for the Common Shares could be influenced by research and reports that industry and/or securities analysts may publish
about the Company, its business, the market or its competitors. The Company does not have any control over these analysts and cannot
assure that such analysts will cover the Company or provide favorable coverage. If any of the analysts who may cover the Company s
business change their recommendation regarding the Company s stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations
about its competitors, the stock price would likely decline. If any analysts who may cover the Company s business were to cease
coverage or fail to regularly publish reports on the Company, it could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could
cause the stock price or trading volume to decline. 

The
Company is subject to the continued listing or trading criteria of the CSE and the OTCQB, and its failure to satisfy these criteria may
result in delisting or removal of trading of its Common Shares from the CSE and the OTCQB. 

The
Company s Common Shares are currently listed for trading on the CSE and quoted on the OTCQB. In order to maintain the listing on
the CSE and the quotation on the OTCQB or any other securities exchange the Company may trade on, the Company must maintain certain financial
and share distribution targets, including maintaining a minimum number of public shareholders. In addition to objective standards, these
exchanges may delist the securities of any issuer if, in the exchange s opinion: its financial condition and/or operating results
appear unsatisfactory; if it appears that the extent of public distribution or the aggregate market value of the security has become
so reduced as to make continued listing inadvisable; if the Company sells or disposes of its principal operating assets or ceases to
be an operating company; if the Company fails to comply with the listing requirements; or if any other event occurs or any condition
exists which, in their opinion, makes continued listing on the exchange inadvisable. 

If
the CSE, the OTCQB or any other exchange or quotation service were to delist or remove the trading of the Common Shares, investors may
face material adverse consequences, including, but not limited to, a lack of trading market for the Common Shares, reduced liquidity,
decreased analyst coverage, and/or an inability for the Company to obtain additional financing to fund its operations. 

The
Company faces risks related to compliance with corporate governance laws and financial reporting standards. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as related new rules and regulations implemented by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board, require changes in the corporate governance practices and financial reporting standards for public companies. These laws, rules
and regulations, including compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 relating to internal control over financial
reporting, referred to as Section 404, materially increase the Company s legal and financial compliance costs and make certain
activities more time-consuming and burdensome. 

20 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
Applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The
Company s sole focus is the development and restart of its 100 owned flagship asset, the Bunker Hill mine (the Mine in Idaho, USA. The Mine remains the largest single producing mine by tonnage in the Silver Valley region of northwest Idaho, producing
over 165 million ounces of silver and 5 million tons of base metals between 1885 and 1981. The Bunker Hill Mine is located within Operable
Unit 2 of the Bunker Hill Superfund site (EPA National Priorities Listing IDD048340921), where cleanup activities have been completed. 

The
Bunker Hill Mine 

The
Mine is one of the most well-known base metal and silver mines in American history. Initial discovery and development of the Mine property
began in 1885, and from that time until the Mine closed in 1981 it produced over 35.8 million tons of ore at an average mined grade of
8.76 lead, 4.52 ounces per ton silver, and 3.67 zinc, which represented 162Moz of silver, 3.16M lbs. of lead and 1.35M lbs. of zinc
(Bunker Limited Partnership, 1985). Throughout the 95-year operating history of the mine, there were over 40 different orebodies discovered
and mined, consisting of lead-silver-zinc mineralization. Although known for its significant lead and zinc production, 45-50 of the
Net Smelter Value of its historical production came from its silver. The Company and Sullivan Mining Company had a strong history of
regular dividend payments to shareholders from the time the Company went public in 1905 until it was acquired in a hostile takeover by
Gulf Resources in 1968. 

When
the Mine first closed in 1981, it was estimated to still contain significant resources (Bunker Limited Partnership, 1985). The Mine and
Smelter Complex were closed in 1981 when Gulf Resources was not able to continue to comply with new regulatory structures brought on
by the passage of environmental statutes and as then enforced by the EPA. The Bunker Hill Lead Smelter, Electrolytic Zinc Plant and historic
milling facilities were demolished about 25 years ago, and the area became part of the National Priority List for cleanup
under EPA regulations, thereby pausing development of the Mine for over 30 years. The cleanup of the old smelter, zinc plant, and associated
sites has been completed and management believes the Mine is well positioned for development and an eventual return to production. 

A
more detailed description of the Mine can be found in the Technical Report Summary section of this report, including the
current Mineral Resource Estimate, Mineral Reserves, an economic summary, property description and ownership, geology and mineralization,
environmental studies and permitting, metallurgical testing, mining method, recovery methods, and current exploration and development. 

Restart
Project Activities 

In
early 2020, a new management team comprised of former executives from Barrick Gold Corp. assumed leadership of the Company. Since that
time, the Company conducted multiple exploration campaigns, published multiple economic studies and Mineral Resource Estimates, and advanced
the rehabilitation and development of the Mine. In December 2021, it announced a project finance package with Sprott Private Resource
Streaming Royalty Corp., an amended Settlement Agreement with the EPA, and the purchase of the Bunker Hill Mine, setting the stage
for a rapid restart of the Mine. 

In
January 2022, with the closing of the purchase of the Bunker Hill Mine, the funding of the 8,000,000 Royalty Convertible Debenture and
 6,000,000 Series Convertible Debenture, and the announcement of an MOU for the purchase of the Pend Oreille process plant from a subsidiary
of Teck Resources Limited, the Company embarked on a program of activities with the goal of achieving a restart of the Mine. Key milestones
and achievements from January 2022 onwards have included the closing of the purchase of the Pend Oreille process plant, the demobilization
of the process plant to the Bunker Hill site, the completion of demolition activities at the Pend Oreille site, a Prefeasibility Study
envisaging the restart of the Mine, and the completion of the primary portion of the ramp decline connecting the 5 and 6 Levels of the
Bunker Hill Mine. 

Technical
Report Summary 

The following summary is extracted from the S-K 1300 Technical Report Summary,
Bunker Hill Mine Pre-Feasibility Study, Coeur D Alene Mining District Shoshone County, Idaho, USA with a Report Date of April 14,
2023 and an Effective Date of August 29, 2022 (the TRS ). The following information does not purport to be a complete summary
of the Technical Report Summary, is subject to all the assumptions, qualifications and procedures set out in the Technical Report and
is qualified in its entirety with reference to the full text of the Technical Report Summary. Each of the Qualified Persons of the Technical
Report Summary is an independent qualified person under the definitions of 229.1300 (Item 1300 of Regulation S-K) (each a Qualified
Person , and together the Qualified Persons and have approved the summary of the Technical Report Summary below. 

21 

Summary 

The
Technical Report Summary describes the mining and processing operations at the Company s 100 owned Bunker Hill Mine located
near the town of Kellogg, Idaho. 

The
Technical Report Summary considers a processing approach at Bunker where Pb, Ag and Zn mineralization is mined underground.
Mineralized material will be conventionally milled and then concentrated by flotation of lead and silver (Pb/Ag) followed by
flotation of zinc (Zn). Metal rich concentrates will then be sold to smelters in North America or overseas. Mill tailings will be
deposited underground in the historic mining voids located throughout the Project. 

Economic and Life of Mine highlights of the Technical Report Summary are listed in Table 1-3 and Table 1-4. Table 1-1 lists the Mineral
Resource Estimate for the Bunker Hill Mine and Table 1-2 lists the Mineral Reserves for the Bunker Hill Mine. Mineral Resources are not
Mineral Reserves and do not have demonstrated economic viability. There is no certainty that all or any part of the Mineral Resources
will be converted into Mineral Reserves. 

Mineral
Resource Estimate 

Geostatistics and estimates of mineralization were
prepared by Resource Development Associates Inc. Industry accepted grade estimation techniques were used to develop global mineralization
block models for the Newgard, Quill and UTZ zones. The Mineral Resource Estimate considers underground mining and mill processing as a
basis for reasonable prospects of eventual economic extraction. The total Mineral Resource estimate for the Bunker Hill Mine is listed
in Table 1-1 at a cutoff grade of NSR 70 /ton. Mineral Resources are classified according to 229.1302(d)(1)(iii)(A) (Item 1302(d)(1)(iii)(A)
of Regulation S-K). 

Table 1-1 Bunker Hill Mine Mineral Resource Estimate (Exclusive of Mineral
Reserves), August 29, 2022 Resource Development Asociates Inc. 

(1) The Mineral Resource Estimate was prepared by Resource Development Associates Inc. 

(2)
Measured, Indicated and Inferred classifications are classified according to 229.1302(d)(1)(iii)(A) (Item 1302(d)(1)(iii)(A) of
Regulation S-K). 

 (3)
Mineral Resources that are not Mineral Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability 

 (4)
Net smelter return (NSR) is defined as the return from sales of concentrates, expressed in US /t, i.e.: NSR = (Contained metal) (Metallurgical
recoveries) (Metal Payability (Metal prices) (Treatment, refining, transport and other selling costs). For the Mineral
Resource Estimate, NSR values were calculated using updated open-cycle metallurgical results including recoveries of 85.1 , 84.2 and
88.2 for Zn, Ag and Pb respectively, and concentrate grades of 58 Zn in zinc concentrate, and 67 Pb and 12.13 oz/ton Ag in lead concentrate. 

 (5)
Mineral Resources are estimated using a zinc price of 1.20 per pound, silver price of 20.00 per ounce, and lead price of 1.00 per
pound. 

 (6)
Historic mining voids, stopes and development drifting have been depleted from the Mineral Resource Estimate 

 (7)
Totals may not add up due to rounding 

(8) Mineral Resources are reported exclusive of Mineral
Reserves. The reserves disclosed in the report represent measured mineral resources and indicated resources that were evaluated with modifying
factors related to underground mining. 

Mineral
Reserves 

Mineral
Reserves have been estimated for the Quill, Newgard and UTZ sections of the Project. Measured and Indicated (M I) Mineral Resources
were converted to Probable Mineral Reserves for the mine. Measured Mineral Resources were converted to Probable Mineral Reserves because
of uncertainties associated with modifying factors that were taken into account in the conversion from Mineral Resources to Mineral Reserves. 

Measured
and Indicated Resources were converted to Probable Mineral Reserves by evaluating operating cost, projected metal revenues and estimated
stope shapes and geometries. The general widths, plunge and shape of the Quill and Newgard mineralization lends itself well to transverse
(perpendicular to strike) long hole open stoping (LHOS) with fill utilizing rubber tire equipment. The UTZ deposit is more amenable to
cut-and-fill (CF) methods due to its shape and geometry. Extraction of the planned mine shapes is assumed to be 100 of the NSR 80/ton
plan. Breakeven NSR is 70/ton for LHOS and 75/ton for cut-and-fill stopes. 

22 

Mineral
Reserves were classified in accordance with 229.1302(e)(2) (Item 1302(e)(2) of Regulation S-K). The mineral reserve statement is
presented in Table 1-2. Mineral Reserves are estimated at an NSR value cutoff of 80/short ton at the reference point of saleable mill
concentrates with an effective date of August 29, 2022. 

Table
1-2 Bunker Hill Mineral Reserve Estimate, August 29, 2022 Minetech, USA, LLC 

(1)
Plan Dilution is zero grade waste included in the designed stope shapes and probable tonnages 

 (2)
Unplanned dilution is 5 external dilution added at zero grade 

 (3)
Mineral Reserves stated are inclusive of all above mentioned dilutions and are factored for ore loss due to mining activities 

 (4)
Net smelter return (NSR) is defined as the return from sales of concentrates, expressed in US /t, i.e.: NSR = (Contained metal) (Metallurgical
recoveries) (Metal Payability (Metal prices) (Treatment, refining, transport and other selling costs). For the Mineral
Reserve Estimate, NSR values were calculated using updated open-cycle metallurgical results including recoveries of 85.1 , 84.2 and
88.2 for Zn, Ag and Pb respectively, and concentrate grades of 58 Zn in zinc concentrate, and 67 Pb and 12.13 oz/ton Ag in lead concentrate. 

 (5)
Mineral Reserves are estimated using a zinc price of 1.20 per pound, silver price of 20.00 per ounce, and lead price of 1.00 per pound. 

 (6)
Historic mining voids, stopes and development drifting have been depleted from the Mineral Reserve Estimate 

 (7)
Totals may not add up due to rounding 

23 

Economic
Summary 

The
summary of the current projected financial performance of the Bunker Hill Mine is listed in Table 1-3. Sensitivities are summarized in
Table 1-4. 

Table
1-3 Bunker Hill Project Economic Summary 

Year 
 
 Initial 
 Capex 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

TOTAL 

ANNUAL 
 AVERAGE 

Metal Prices 

Zinc /lb) 

1.5 

1.4 

1.3 

1.25 

1.25 

1.25 

1.29 

1.29 

Lead /lb) 

0.95 

0.95 

0.95 

0.95 

0.95 

0.95 

0.95 

0.95 

Silver /oz) 

22 

22 

22 

21.5 

21.5 

21.5 

21.7 

21.7 

Mine plan 

Ore mined (kt) 

77 

652 

655 

655 

655 

665 

3,360 

657 

Zinc grade ) 

5.90 

5.60 

4.70 

5.70 

5.70 

5.90 

5.50 

5.50 

Lead grade ) 

2.10 

2.40 

2.70 

2.90 

2.40 

1.90 

2.50 

2.50 

Silver grade (oz/t) 

0.5 

0.7 

1.3 

1.4 

1.2 

0.8 

1.1 

1.1 

Zinc eq grade ) 

7.70 

8.00 

8.10 

9.40 

8.80 

8.20 

8.50 

8.50 

Production 

Zinc concentrate (t) 

6,671 

53,504 

44,852 

54,997 

55,061 

57,909 

272,995 

53,265 

Lead concentrate (t) 

2,091 

20,945 

23,577 

25,078 

20,955 

16,605 

109,251 

21,432 

Zn grade - Zn conc ) 

58.00 

58.00 

58.00 

58.00 

58.00 

58.00 

58.00 

58.00 

Pb grade - Pb conc ) 

67.00 

67.00 

67.00 

67.00 

67.00 

67.00 

67.00 

67.00 

Ag grade - Pb conc (oz/t) 

14.4 

18.6 

31.5 

30.1 

31 

27.4 

27.6 

27.7 

Zn prod. - Zn conc (klbs) 

7,738 

62,065 

52,029 

63,796 

63,871 

67,174 

316,674 

61,787 

Pb prod. - Pb conc (klbs) 

2,802 

28,067 

31,593 

33,605 

28,080 

22,251 

146,397 

28,719 

Ag prod. - Pb conc (koz) 

30 

390 

742 

754 

649 

455 

3,020 

598 

Zinc eq produced (klbs) 

9,954 

87,233 

87,679 

102,310 

96,375 

91,909 

475,460 

93,101 

Cost metrics 

Mining /t) 

35 

38 

37 

35 

41 

37 

37 

Processing /t) 

21 

21 

21 

21 

21 

21 

21 

G A /t) 

9 

9 

9 

9 

6 

9 

9 

Opex - total /t) 

65 

68 

67 

65 

69 

67 

67 

Sustaining capex /t) 

18 

22 

19 

41 

8 

21 

21 

Cash costs: by-prod. /lb
 Zn payable) 

0.61 

0.42 

0.36 

0.45 

0.64 

0.5 

0.5 

AISC: by-prod. /lb Zn payable) 

0.82 

0.74 

0.59 

0.95 

0.73 

0.77 

0.77 

FCF Valuation 000 s) 

Zinc revenue 

73,857 

57,492 

67,784 

67,863 

71,373 

338,368 

67,674 

Lead revenue 

25,330 

28,513 

30,328 

25,342 

20,081 

129,595 

25,919 

Silver revenue 

7,900 

15,515 

15,406 

13,256 

9,260 

61,337 

12,267 

Gross revenue 

107,087 

101,520 

113,518 

106,461 

100,714 

529,300 

105,860 

TC - Zinc conc 

-16,257 

-11,138 

-13,657 

-13,673 

-14,380 

-69,105 

-13,821 

TC - Lead conc 

-3,698 

-4,162 

-4,428 

-3,700 

-2,932 

-18,919 

-3,784 

RC - Lead conc 

-449 

-882 

-896 

-771 

-538 

-3,535 

-707 

Land freight 

-2,193 

-2,019 

-2,360 

-2,239 

-2,192 

-11,002 

-2,200 

Net smelter return 

84,491 

83,319 

92,178 

86,079 

80,672 

426,739 

85,348 

Mining costs 

-22,828 

-24,592 

-23,971 

-22,927 

-27,454 

-121,772 

-24,354 

Processing costs 

-13,766 

-13,842 

-13,842 

-13,842 

-14,053 

-69,346 

-13,869 

G A costs 

-6,050 

-6,063 

-6,063 

-6,063 

-4,257 

-28,496 

-5,699 

EBITDA 

41,847 

38,822 

48,302 

43,247 

34,908 

207,126 

41,425 

Sustaining capex 

-11,475 

-14,127 

-12,651 

-26,982 

-5,215 

-70,450 

-14,090 

Initial capex 

-54,853 

-54,853 

- 

Land salvage value 

12,281 

12,281 

12,281 

Pre-tax
 free cash flow 

-54,853 

30,372 

24,695 

35,650 

16,266 

41,974 

94,103 

29,791 

Taxes 

-511 

-1,394 

-1,382 

-2,218 

-1,155 

-1,224 

-7,884 

-1,475 

Free cash
 flow 

-55,364 

28,978 

23,313 

33,432 

15,111 

40,750 

86,219 

28,317 

NPV (5 

62,826 

NPV (8 

51,813 

IRR ) 

36.00 

Payback
 (years) 

2.1 

Table
1-4 Sensitivity Analysis 

24 

Property
Description and Ownership 

The
Bunker Hill Mine is located in Shoshone County, Idaho with portions of the mine located within the cities of Kellogg and Wardner, Idaho
in northwestern USA. The Kellogg Tunnel, which is the main access to the mine, is located at 47.53611 N latitude, 116.1381W longitude.
The approximate elevation for the above cited coordinates is 2366 ft. 

On
December 15, 2021 BHMC signed a Purchase and Sale Agreement (PSA) with Placer Mining Corporation and both William and Shirley Pangburn
to acquire full ownership of the subsequently listed mineral titles in addition to other Surface Rights and Real Property associated
with land and structures of the Bunker Hill Mine. 

On
January 7, 2022, the Company closed the purchase of the Bunker Hill Mine. Mine assets were purchased for 7,700,000, with 300,000 of
previous lease payments and a deposit of 2,000,000 applied to the purchase, resulting in cash paid at closing of approximately 5,400,000.
The EPA obligation of 19,000,000 was assumed by Bunker Hill as part of the acquisition. 

Geology
and Mineralization 

The
Northern Idaho Panhandle Region in which the Bunker Hill Mine is located is underlain by the Middle Proterozoic-aged Belt-Purcell Supergroup
of fine-grained, dominantly siliciclastic sedimentary rocks which extends from western Montana (locally named the Belt Supergroup) to
southern British Columbia (locally named the Purcell Supergroup) and is collectively over 23,000 feet in total stratigraphic thickness. 

Mineralization
at the Bunker Hill Mine is hosted almost exclusively in the Upper Revett formation of the Ravalli Group, a part of the Belt
Supergroup of Middle Proterozoic-aged, fine-grained sediments. Geologic mapping and interpretation progressed by leaps and bounds
following the recognition of a predictable stratigraphic section at the Bunker Hill Mine and enabled the measurement of specific
offsets across major faults, discussed in the following section. From an exploration and mining perspective, there were two critical
conclusions from this research: all significant mineralized shoots are hosted in quartzite units where they are cut by vein
structures, and the location of the quartzite units can be projected up and down section, and across fault offsets, to target
extensions and offsets of known mineralized shoots and veins. 

Mineralization
at Bunker Hill Mine falls in four categories, described below from oldest to youngest events: 

Bluebird
Veins (BB): W NW striking, SW-dipping, variable ratio of sphalerite-pyrite-siderite mineralization. Thick, tabular cores with
gradational margins bleeding out along bedding and fractures. 

Stringer/Disseminated
Zones: Disseminated, fracture controlled and bedding controlled blebs and stringer mineralization associated with Bluebird Structures,
commonly as halos to vein-like bodies or as isolated areas where brecciated quartzite beds are intersected by the W-NW structure and
fold fabrics. 

Galena-Quartz
Veins (GQ): E to NE striking, S to SE dipping, quartz-argentiferous galena +/-siderite-sphalerite-chalcopyrite-tetrahedrite veins,
sinuous-planar with sharp margins, cross-cut Bluebird Veins. 

Hybrid
Zones: Formed at intersections where GQ veins cut BB veins, with open space deposition of sulfides and quartz in the vein refraction
in quartzite beds, and replacement of siderite in the BB vein structure by argentiferous galena from the GQ Vein. 

25 

Environmental
Studies and Permitting 

Because
the mine is on patented mining claims (privately-owned land), only a limited number of permits are required for mining and milling operations.
These relate to: (1) air quality and emissions from crushing, milling and processing and (2) any refurbishment of surface buildings that
may require construction permits. 

The
Bunker Hill Mine is located within the Bunker Hill Superfund site (EPA National Priorities Listing IDD048340921). Cleanup activities
have been completed in Operable Unit 2 of the Bunker Hill Superfund Site where the mine is located, though water treatment continues at
the Central Treatment Plant (the CTP located near Bunker Hill Mine. The CTP is owned by the EPA and is operated
by its contractors. 

BHMC
entered into a Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent with the US Environmental Protection Agency US EPA and the US
Department of Justice DOJ on May 14, 2018. Section 9, Paragraph 33 of that agreement stipulates that BHMC must obtain
a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System NPDES permit for effluent discharged by Bunker Hill Mine by May 14,
2023. This obligation exists and the deadline will occur at a point in time where restart activities are planned to occur. 

BHMC
will initiate a voluntary Environmental, Social and Health Impact Assessment ESHIA for the activities described in the
Technical Report Summary and for its business model as a whole. This study is projected for completion in 2024 and will conform to ISO, IFC
and GRI standards. 

Metallurgical
Testing 

Resource Development Inc. (Rdi)
initiated metallurgical test work on three samples designated Newgard, Quill and Utz with the primary objective of determining the process
flowsheet and the metal recoveries and concentrate grades. Flotation testing was completed through locked-cycle testing, the results
of which are displayed in table 1-5 

Table
1-5 Summary of Locked-Cycle Flotation Test Results 

The
open-cycle and locked-cycle tests were completed at a primary grind of P 80 270 mesh for rougher flotation. Rougher scavenger
flotation was included in both the lead and zinc circuits to increase the amount of value sent to the cleaner stages. Regrind of the
lead rougher concentrate with a pebble mill was completed to a particle size of approximately P 80 400 mesh for cleaner flotation.
No regrind was completed with the zinc rougher concentrate. 

26 

BHMC
has contracted SGS Canada Inc (SGS) to conduct a metallurgical study to further evaluate and optimize metal recovery for the Bunker Hill
Project. The primary objective of the test program is to complete metallurgical test work to improve met results over the Pre-feasibility
Study (PFS) performed by Rdi for the Bunker Hill Project. 

Figure
1-1 Locked-Cycle Test Process Flowsheet 

Mining
Method 

Long-hole
stoping with fill (LHOS), cut-and-fill and possibly room-and-pillar mining with fill are the only methods viable for sustained operations
today. LHOS is the preferred mining method with limited cut-and-fill mining at Bunker Hill Mine. Room-and-pillar mining is not in the
current plan. Timbered ground support has been replaced with newer ground support technology of rock bolts, mesh, shotcrete and steel
sets as required. 

Beginning
in October of 2021 and completed in April of 2022, BHMC conducted a geotechnical investigation of the underground conditions at the Bunker
Hill Mine. Data collection involved a data analysis of RQD values logged with previous exploration drilling, geotechnical logging of
recently drilled rock cores and an extensive investigation of pre-existing underground excavations and development. Ground conditions
are generally good to excellent at Bunker Hill Mine and the rest of the mines in the Silver Valley. Bunker Hill Mine does not have a
history of rock burst events that are frequent in the deeper mines to the east. 

Recovery
Methods 

Bunker
Hill plans to re-construct a crush-grind-flotation-concentration mill from the nearby Pend Oreille (PO) mine in northern Washington on
the Bunker Hill Kellogg Mine Yard. There currently is a large building that housed the historic machine shop at the Bunker Hill mine
that will first need to be dismantled and removed for access to the existing slab. The future structures to house the grind-flotation-concentration
circuit, as well as the secondary crushing circuit and concentrate storage facilities will need to be constructed. 

The
process consists of a primary and secondary ore crushing circuit, then a primary grinding circuit followed by two separate flotation
circuits to recover lead, zinc, silver and gold into two separate concentrate products; a lead, silver, gold concentrate and a zinc concentrate.
Approximately 648,000, short tons of ore will be processed a year at a rate of 1,800 stpd, or 79 stph at 95 availability. 

27 

Figure
1-2 Bunker Hill Process Flowsheet 

Current
Exploration and Development 

Bunker
Hill has a rare exploration opportunity available at the Bunker Hill Mine and has embarked on a new path to fully maximize the potential.
A treasure trove of geologic and production data has been organized and preserved in good condition in the mine office since the shutdown
of major mine operations in the early 1980s. This data represents 70+ years of proper scientific data and sample collection, with high
standards of accuracy and precision that were generally at or above industry standards at the time. 

The
Company saw the wealth of information that was available but not readily usable and embarked on a scanning and digitizing program. From
this they were able to build a 3D digital model of the mine workings and 3D surfaces and solids of important geologic features. To add
to this, all of the historic drill core lithology logs and assay data (>2900 holes) was entered into a database and imported with
the other data into Maptek Vulcan 3D software. 

In
addition to both continued geologic digitization and the completed 2021 exploration drill program, the Company has performed a geophysical
survey over the summer of 2021. The survey was conducted as a ground geophysical 3DIP survey through DIAS Geophysical Ltd out of Saskatoon,
SK. 

28 

Conclusions 

The
Pre-Feasibility level analyses demonstrates that the restart of the Bunker Hill mine can reasonably be expected to generate a positive return
on investment with an after-tax IRR of 36 based on the reserves presented. It is reasonable to expect the conversion of Inferred resources
to Indicated resources and indicated resources to measured resources to continue. Inferred Mineral Resources are considered too geologically
speculative to have economic considerations applied to them to be classified as a Mineral Reserve. 

The
Technical Report Summary is based on all available technical and scientific data available as of August 29, 2022. Mineral Resources
are considered by the QP to meet the reasonable prospects of eventual economic extraction due two main factors; 1) cut-off grades
are based on scientific data and assumptions related to the project and 2) Mineral Resources are estimated only within blocks of
mineralization that have been accessible in the past by mining operations as well as by using generally accepted mining and
processing costs that are similar to many projects in Idaho. 

Recommendations 

Continued analysis and interpretation of the geophysical
survey results should aid to guide future exploration activities outside of historical mine working areas. Additional exploration drilling
with the advancement of underground mine development is also advised due to the proximity of future development to under-explored areas
of historical workings. Continued digitization and interpretation of historical mapping and research will aid to guide future underground
and surface exploration activities. 

Completion of issued for construction
(IFC) level drawings for the mineral processing facilities is recommended. 

Completion of IFC level engineering
drawings related to the paste backfill plant are recommended. Final tails product material generated from additional metallurgical testing
will work to optimize binder compositions and have the potential to reduce backfill OPEX costs. 

Additional geotechnical studies
are recommended with the advancement of underground development. Continued geotechnical diamond drilling associated with future resource
delineation and exploration drilling activities will provide a better sample set for rock strength testing and geotechnical logging. Future
underground development will also allow for the investigation of previously mined areas and association of historical span allowances
based on previous ground support methods. 

Additional resource delineation and conversion drilling
and mine block modeling should continue to increase the conversion of Inferred to Indicated Resources. 

Table
1-6 Proposed Work Program to Advance Bunker Hill 

Activity 
 Amount 
 
 Geophysical
 Interpretation and Additional Geophysics 
 0.05M 
 
 Environmental
 Studies 
 0.03M 
 
 Geotechnical
 Studies 
 0.15M 
 
 Mill
 and Process Plant Engineering 
 1.70M 
 
 Hydraulic
 Backfill and Tailing Placement Engineering 
 0.50M 
 
 Total
 Recommended Budget 
 2.43M 

Project
Infrastructure 

The
Bunker Hill complex is a mature mine with much of the underground infrastructure and development still in place. The mill, smelter and
tailing impoundment have been removed and these sites have been reclaimed. Part of the reclamation included surface water diversion structures
which are still in use and are maintained in good condition. The original Bunker Hill mine offices, car and maintenance shops, and change
house are located near the Kellogg Tunnel (KT) portal and are in serviceable condition. 

Bunker
Hill is located in Kellogg Idaho along the Interstate 90 corridor on the west side of what is traditionally known as the Silver Valley.
It is 60 miles from the Spokane, WA airport to the west and 125 miles to the Missoula, MT airport to the east. The Silver Valley of north
Idaho is a desirable place to live and is home to an enthusiastic and talented underground mining work force. 

29 

Mine
power requirements will be met with the Avista Kellogg substation, located next to the Bunker Hill main offices supplying power to the
mine and other local consumers. There are two existing distribution lines now supplying the mine from the Kellogg Avista substation.
One feeds the surface mine facilities and the underground loads from the Kellogg side, the other feeds the Wardner mine yard and facilities.
The current 3-phase 2.5kV mine distribution system on the Kellogg side is in the process of being upgraded to 3-phase 13.2kV. 

Mine
discharge water now gravity drains out the 9-level through the Kellogg Tunnel via a ditch adjacent to the rail line to the portal. It
is then routed to a water treatment plant constructed by the EPA and currently operated by the Idaho Department of Environmental Quality
(IDEQ). 

BHMC
commissioned Patterson Cooke North America to perform tradeoff studies for costing and operating the mine backfill and tailing
placement facilities. Results from the tradeoff studies led to the location of the plant on surface, both adjacent to the mill and at
Wardner. Tailings thickening will take place inside the mill/process facility building, with the underflow being pumped to the tailings
filtration plant located adjacent to the mill/process building. Vacuum filtration will take the thickened tailings and produce a filter
cake material which will be deposited and stored in a load-out facility at the plant. A surface loader will transfer the filter cake
tailings into overland haul trucks to deliver the material up to the Wardner side of operations along the return route from ROM ore haulage.
Once delivered to the storage facility at Wardner, material will be loaded into the paste plant, combined with an ordinary cement binder,
and subsequently pumped underground via a reticulated piping system. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Other
than as described below, neither the Company nor its property is the subject of any current, pending, or threatened legal proceedings.
The Company is not aware of any other legal proceedings in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record
or beneficially of more than 5 of any class of the Company s voting securities, or any associate of any such director, officer,
affiliate or security holder of the Company, is a party adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or has a material interest
adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

On
July 28, 2021, a lawsuit was filed in the US District Court for the District of Idaho brought by Crescent Mining, LLC Crescent ).
The named defendants include Placer Mining, Robert Hopper Jr., and the Company. The lawsuit alleges that Placer Mining and Robert Hopper
Jr. intentionally flooded the Crescent Mine during the period from 1991 and 1994, and that the Company is jointly and severally liable
with the other defendants for unspecified past and future costs associated with the presence of AMD in the Crescent Mine. The plaintiff
has requested unspecified damages. On September 20, 2021, the Company filed a motion to dismiss Crescent s claims against it, contending
that such claims are facially deficient. On March 2, 2022, Chief US District Court Judge, David C. Nye granted in part and denied
in part the Company s motion to dismiss. The court granted the Company s motion to dismiss Crescent s Cost Recovery
claim under CERCLA Section 107(a), Declaratory Judgment, Tortious Interference, Trespass, Nuisance and Negligence claims. These claims
were dismissed without prejudice. The court denied the motion to dismiss filed by Placer Mining Corp. for Crescent s trespass,
nuisance and negligence claims. Crescent later filed an amended complaint on April 1, 2022. Placer Mining Corp. and Bunker Hill Mining
Corp are named as co-defendants. Bunker Hill responded to the amended filing, refuting and denying all allegations made in the complaint
except those that are assertions of fact as a matter of public record. The Company believes Crescent s lawsuit is without merit
and intends to vigorously defend itself, as well as Placer Mining Corp. pursuant to the Company s indemnification of Placer Mining
Corp in the Sale and Purchase agreement executed between the companies for the Mine on December 15, 2021. 

On
October 26, 2021, the Company asserted claims against Crescent in a separate lawsuit. Bunker Hill Mining Corporation v. Venzee Technologies
Inc. et al, Case No. 2:21-cv-209-REP, filed in the same court on May 14, 2021. The Company has subsequently executed a tolling agreement
with Venzee in exchange for dropping its lawsuit. The Company originally filed this lawsuit on May 14, 2021 against other parties but
has since filed an amended complaint to include its claims against Crescent. This lawsuit has been consolidated into the lawsuit Crescent
filed on July 28, 2021. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

The
enacted Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act the Act requires the operators of mines to include
in each periodic report filed with the SEC certain specified disclosures regarding the Company s history of mine safety. The information
concerning mine safety disclosures required by the Act and this Item is included in Exhibit 95 to this report. 

30 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common shares are traded on Canadian Securities Exchange under the symbol BNKR and on the OTCQB under the symbol BHLL . 

Stockholders 

As
of April 17, 2023, there were approximately 157 stockholders of record of our common shares and, according to our estimates, approximately
500 beneficial owners of our common shares. 

Unregistered
Sales of Securities 

On
April 1, 2022, the Company closed a private placement of 37,849,325 special warrants of the Company and a non-brokered private placement
of 1,471,664 units of the Company for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 9,384,622 (C 11,796,297). Related parties, including
management, directors, and consultants, participated in the special warrant private placement for a total of 4,809,160 shares (included
in the total above). The special warrants of the Company were issued at a price of C 0.30 per special warrant. Each special warrant of
the Company became automatically exercisable on June 3, 2022. Each unit of the Company consists of one share of common stock and one
warrant of the Company. Each warrant entitles the holder to acquire one share of common stock of the Company for C 0.37 until April 1,
2025. The offering of special warrants of the Company was led by Echelon Wealth Partners Inc. and included BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc. and
Laurentian Bank Securities Inc. (collectively, the Agents ). In connection with the private placement, the Agents and other
eligible parties received (i) cash commission in the amount of 563,968 and (ii) compensation options exercisable to acquire an aggregate
of 1,879,892 units of the Company (each, a Compensation Unit at C 0.30 per unit until April 1, 2024. Each Compensation
Unit consists of one share of common stock and one warrant of the Company. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to acquire one warrant
share at a price of 0.37 per warrant share until April 1, 2024. The Company relied on the exemption from registration under Section
4(a)(2) of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Rule 506 of Regulation D, or Regulation S, and in reliance on similar exemptions
under applicable state laws, for purposes of the private placement. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
Applicable. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

SPECIAL
NOTE OF CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements in this report, including statements in the following
discussion, are what are known as forward looking statements , which are basically statements about the future. For that
reason, these statements involve risk and uncertainty since no one can accurately predict the future. Words such as plans, 
 intends, will, hopes, seeks, anticipates, expects and
the like often identify such forward looking statements, but are not the only indication that a statement is a forward-looking statement.
Such forward looking statements include statements concerning the Company s plans and objectives with respect to the present and
future operations of the Company, and statements which express or imply that such present and future operations will or may produce revenues,
income or profits. Numerous factors and future events could cause the Company to change such plans and objectives or fail to successfully
implement such plans or achieve such objectives, or cause such present and future operations to fail to produce revenues, income or profits.
Therefore, the reader is advised that the following discussion should be considered in light of the discussion of risks and other factors
contained in this report and in the Company s other filings with the SEC. No statements contained in the following discussion should
be construed as a guarantee or assurance of future performance or future results. 

31 

Background
and Overview 

The
Company s sole focus is the development and restart of its 100 owned flagship asset, the Bunker Hill mine (the Mine in Idaho, USA. The Mine remains the largest single producing mine by tonnage in the Silver Valley region of northwest Idaho, producing
over 165 million ounces of silver and 5 million tons of base metals between 1885 and 1981. The Bunker Hill Mine is located within Operable
Unit 2 of the Bunker Hill Superfund site (EPA National Priorities Listing IDD048340921), where cleanup activities have been completed. 

The
Company purchased the Bunker Hill Mine on January 7, 2022 for 5,400,000 in cash. Prior to purchasing the Mine, the Company had entered
into a series of agreements with Placer Mining Corporation Placer Mining ), the prior owner, for the lease and option to
purchase the Mine. The first of these agreements was announced on August 28, 2017, with subsequent amendments and/or extensions announced
on November 1, 2019, July 7, 2020, and November 20, 2020. 

Under
the most recent of these agreements, the Company was required to make payments pursuant to an agreement with the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency EPA whereby for so long as the Company leases, owns and/or occupies the Mine, the Company would make payments
to the EPA on behalf of Placer Mining in satisfaction of the EPA s claim for historical water treatment cost recovery in accordance
with the Settlement Agreement reached with the EPA in 2018. Immediately prior to the purchase of the Mine, the Company s liability
to EPA in this regard totaled 11,000,000. Concurrent with the purchase of the Mine, the Company assumed incremental liabilities of 8,000,000
to the EPA, consistent with the terms of the amended Settlement Agreement with the EPA that was executed in December 2021 (see EPA
2018 Settlement Agreement 2021 Amended Settlement Agreement in the Our Business section above). 

In
early 2020, a new management team comprised of former executives from Barrick Gold Corp. assumed leadership of the Company. Since that
time, the Company conducted multiple exploration campaigns, published multiple economic studies and Mineral Resource Estimates, and advanced
the rehabilitation and development of the Mine. In December 2021, it announced a project finance package with Sprott Private Resource
Streaming Royalty Corp., an amended Settlement Agreement with the EPA, and the purchase of the Bunker Hill Mine, setting the stage
for a rapid restart of the Mine. 

In
January 2022, with the closing of the purchase of the Bunker Hill Mine, the funding of the 8,000,000 Royalty Convertible Debenture and
 6,000,000 Series Convertible Debenture, and the announcement of an MOU for the purchase of the Pend Oreille process plant from a subsidiary
of Teck Resources Limited, the Company embarked on a program of activities with the goal of achieving a restart of the Mine. Key milestones
and achievements from January 2022 onwards have included the closing of the purchase of the Pend Oreille process plant, the demobilization
of the process plant to the Bunker Hill site, the completion of demolition activities at the Pend Oreille site, a Prefeasibility Study
envisaging the restart of the Mine, and the completion of the primary portion of the ramp decline connecting the 5 and 6 Levels of the
Bunker Hill Mine. 

Results
of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis provide information that is believed to be relevant to an assessment and understanding of the results
of operation and financial condition of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. Unless otherwise stated, all figures
herein are expressed in U.S. dollars, which is the Company s functional currency. 

Comparison
of the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company generated no revenue (year ended December 31, 2021 - nil). 

Expenses 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reported total operating expenses of 16,487,161 as compared to total operating expenses
of 18,752,504 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
decrease in operating expenses was impacted by a shift in focus by the company from exploration related activities prior to the purchase
of the Mine and process plant (purchased in January 2022 and June 2022 respectively) in 2021, to development related activities in 2022.
For financial accounting purposes, the Company reported all direct exploration expenses under the exploration expense line item in consolidated
statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021, which totalled 13,530,819. With the
purchase of the Mine in early January 2022 and concurrent shift to development related activities to advance mine restart efforts, the
Company reported exploration expenses of nil for the year ended December 31, 2022, and reported 7,827,656 of mine preparation expenses
associated with these development activities. This excludes costs capitalized to property, plant and equipment during the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

32 

The
increase in consulting fees and wages 5,477,765 for the
year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1,533,954 for the year ended December 31, 2021) reflects (i) the engagement of
numerous engineering, geological and other professional firms to assist the Company in consummating several complex debt and equity
financings, the purchases of the mine and processing plant, the EPA financial assurance requirements, fair value measurements of
complex instruments, and advancement of project activities, and (ii) an increase in employees concurrent with a ramp-up in
development activities through 2022. 

Upon
the release of the prefeasibility study dated September 30, 2022, the Company determined that the costs of the mine after this point
constituted mine development (capitalized to non-current assets) instead of mine preparation costs (expense) given the existence of
probable mineral reserves and an economic study incorporating them. Certain indirect expenses may be reported as operation and
administration expense or consulting expense on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 

Net Income and Comprehensive Income 

The Company had net income of 898,591 for the year ended December
31, 2022 (net loss of 6,402,277 for the year ended December 31, 2021). In addition to the decrease in operating expenses (as
described above), net income in the year ended December 31, 2022 was positively impacted by a gain on EPA settlement of 8,614,103 (year
ended December 31, 2021: nil) resulting from the reclassification of 17,000,000 of current liabilities to non-current liabilities, and
a 3,395,938 increase in the gain due to change in derivative liability 15,696,391 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to
 12,300,453 for the year ended December 31, 2021) driven by a proportionally greater decline in the Company s share price in 2022
relative to 2021. This was partially offset by impacts from the 29,000,000 of convertible debenture financings that were entered into
during the year ended December 31, 2022, including an increase in interest expense of 3,279,819 3,382,559 for the year ended December
31, 2022 compared to 102,740 for the year ended December 31, 2021), an increase in debenture finance costs of 1,230,540 (year ended
December 31, 2021: nil) and an increase in the loss on fair value of convertible debentures of 1,140,537 (year ended December 31, 2021:
 nil) and increase in finance costs 945,507 (year ended December 31, 2021: nil). 

The Company
had comprehensive income of 1,152,466 for the year ended December 31, 2022 (comprehensive loss of 6,402,277 for the year ended
December 31, 2021). Comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2022 is inclusive of a 253,875 gain on change in fair
value on own credit risk nil for the year ended December 31, 2021) relating to the convertible debentures entered into during the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Going
Concern 

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The Company has incurred losses
since inception resulting in an accumulated deficit of 71,592,559 and further losses are anticipated in the development of its business.
The Company does not have sufficient cash to fund normal operations and meet debt obligations for the next 12 months without deferring
payment on certain current liabilities and/or raising additional funds. In order to continue to meet its fiscal obligations in the current
fiscal year and beyond, the Company must seek additional financing. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern. Its ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the ability of the Company to generate profitable
operations in the future and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal
business operations when they come due. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Management
is considering various financing alternatives including, but not limited to, raising capital through the capital markets, debt and closing
on the multi-metals stream transaction. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts of and classification of liabilities that might
be necessary in the event the Company cannot continue in existence. 

Debt
and Equity Financings 

As described above, during year ended December 31, 2022, the Company closed
on three convertible debentures totaling 29,000,000, a loan facility of 5,000,000, and equity financings (net of issuance costs) totaling
 7,767,849. The proceeds of these financings were primarily used to purchase the Bunker Hill Mine and the processing plant, the satisfaction
of short-term obligations to the EPA (including financial assurance commitments, cost recovery and water treatment payments), advancement
of mine restart activities and the funding of working capital requirements. 

Current
Assets and Total Assets 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s balance sheet reflects that
the Company had: (i) total current assets of 7,741,052, compared to total current assets of 3,622,548 at December 31, 2021 an
increase of 4,118,504; and (ii) total assets of 32,929,892, compared to total assets of 4,071,796 at December 31, 2021 an increase
of 28,858,096. The increase in current assets was primarily due to an increase in restricted cash as a result of the proceeds from the
convertible debentures and equity financings, and from increases in prepaid expenses and deposits. Total assets increased principally
due to the purchase of, and costs capitalized to, the Bunker Hill Mine and process plant. 

33 

Current
Liabilities and Total Liabilities 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s balance sheets reflects that the Company had total current liabilities of 10,155,582 and total
liabilities of 59,106,835, compared to total current liabilities of 22,795,277 and total liabilities of 38,314,164 as of December
31, 2021. The decrease in current liabilities is primarily reflective of financing and assurance activities that moved the EPA cost recovery
liability from current to long-term liabilities. Total liabilities increased as a result of the closing of the three convertible
debentures, one loan facility and movement of the EPA cost recovery liability from current to long term, offset by the decrease in the
long-term derivative warrant liability and promissory note. 

Working
Capital and Shareholders Deficit 

As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had a working capital deficit of 2,414,530 and a shareholders deficiency of 26,176,943 compared to a working capital
deficit of 19,172,729 and a shareholders deficiency of 34,242,368 as of December 31, 2021. The working capital deficit decreased
during the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to funding from debt and equity financings, and the reclassification of cost recovery
liabilities from current to long-term. The shareholders deficiency decreased primarily due to proceeds from equity financing in
the second quarter of 2022, and comprehensive net income in 2022. 

Cash
Flow 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, unrestricted cash increased by 222,042 as a result of cash provided from the closing of the convertible debentures, loan facility
and equity financings, with proceeds used to satisfy short-term obligations with the EPA, purchase of the Bunker Hill Mine and a processing
plant, partial repayment of the outstanding promissory note, advancement of mine restart activities, and funding of working capital requirements.
In addition to the above, restricted cash increased 6,476,000 during the year end December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, 22,498,307 was used in operating activities, primarily due to the securing of the Company s
financial assurance obligations with the EPA, payments made to the EPA in satisfaction of cost recovery and water treatment payables,
funding of mine restart activities, and other working capital requirements. This compares with cash used in operating activities of 11,372,153
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash of 11,174,672 was used in investing activities primarily for the purchase of the Bunker Hill
Mine, a process plant, equipment, and real estate, compared with 94,693 used for investing activities in the year ended December 31,
2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash of 40,371,021 was provided by financing activities primarily due to proceeds from the three convertible
debentures, one loan facility and the equity financings, partially offset by cash used for repayment of a promissory note, compared with
cash of 8,384,248 provided by financing activities in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Subsequent
Events 

Events
occurring subsequent to December 31, 2022, as disclosed above in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section. In addition, the Company
had the following subsequent events. 

Share
Issuance 

On
January 10, 2023, the Company issued 6,377,272 common shares in connection with its election to satisfy interest payments under the outstanding
convertible debentures for the three months ending December 31, 2022. 

On
March 31, 2023, the Company issued 8,464,288 common shares in connection with its election to satisfy interest payments under the outstanding
convertible debentures for the three months ending March 31, 2023. 

Corporate
Update 

On
Feb 28, 2023, the Company reported that it had temporarily paused discretionary projects and procurement activities until the completion
of its financing initiatives. Primarily due to the inability to procure certain long-lead items that were planned to be ordered by February
2023, and longer estimated delivery times thereof, the Company now expects the Bunker Hill Mine restart to be achieved in 2024. Total
project capital expenditures are not expected to be materially impacted given the Company s ability to reschedule discretionary
expenditures and manage a modest fixed cost base. 

34 

Teck
Warrant Amendment 

On
March 15, 2023, the Company amended the exercise price of 10,416,667 common stock purchase warrants of the Company (the Warrants and the expiry date of the warrants to March 31, 2023. The Warrants comprise units of the Company issued to Teck Resources Limited Teck on a private placement basis on May 13, 2022, in consideration for the Company s acquisition of the Pend Oreille process plant.
Each Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock of the Company (each, a Warrant Share at
an exercise price of C 0.37 per Warrant Share at any time on or prior to May 12, 2025. The Company amended the exercise price of the
Warrants from C 0.37 to C 0.11 per Warrant Share (the Amended Exercise Price and amend the expiry date from May 12, 2025,
to March 31, 2023. Following the amendment of the terms of the warrants, Teck exercised all 10,416,667 warrants at an exercise price
of C 0.11, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately C 1,145,834 to the Company. 

Prospectus
Offering Termination and Private Placement 

On
February 15, 2023, the Company reported that it intended to terminate its previously announced prospectus offering of Common Shares following
its determination that effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-1 would not be achievable in a time frame consistent with
its capital requirements. Concurrently, the Company announced that it had entered into an agreement with a syndicate of agents in connection
with a proposed private placement of up to 9,000,000 of special warrants of the Company (the Special Warrants ). 

On
March 28, 2023, the Company announced the closing of its private placement of the Special Warrants by issuing 51,633,727 Special Warrants
at a price of C 0.12 per Special Warrant, for aggregate gross proceeds of C 6,196,047. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock
of the Company (each, a Unit Share and one common stock purchase warrant of the Company (each, a Warrant ).
Each whole Warrant entitles the holder thereof to acquire one share of common stock of the Company (a Warrant Share , and
together with the Unit Shares, the Underlying Shares at an exercise price of 0.15 per Warrant Share until March 27, 2026.
In consideration for their services in connection with the Offering, a cash commission in the amount of 211,461 is payable to the
Agents. The Agents were also issued 2,070,258 compensation options (the Compensation Options ). Each Compensation Option
is exercisable to acquire one unit of the Company (a Compensation Unit at the Issue Price for a period of 36 months from
March 27, 2023, subject to adjustment in certain events. Each Compensation Unit consists of one share of common stock of the Company
and one common stock purchase warrant of the Company (an Agents Compensation Warrant Each Agents Compensation
Warrant entitles the holder thereof to acquire one share of common stock of the Company (an Agents Compensation Warrant
Share at a price of C 0.15 per Agents Compensation Warrant Share until March 27, 2026. 

Critical
accounting estimates 

The
preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Estimates and judgments are continuously evaluated and are based on management s
experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual
outcomes can differ from these estimates. The key sources of estimation uncertainty that have a significant risk of causing material
adjustment to the amounts recognized in the financial statements are: 

Share-based
payments 

Management
determines costs for share-based payments using market-based valuation techniques. The fair value of the share awards and warrant liabilities
are determined at the date of grant using generally accepted valuation techniques and for warrant liabilities at each balance sheets date
thereafter. Assumptions are made and judgment used in applying valuation techniques. These assumptions and judgments include estimating
the future volatility of the stock price and expected dividend yield. Such judgments and assumptions are inherently uncertain. Changes
in these assumptions affect the fair value estimates. 

Warrants
and accrued liabilities 

Estimating
the fair value of derivative warrant liability requires determining the most appropriate valuation model, which is dependent on the terms
and conditions of the issuance. This estimate also requires determining the most appropriate inputs to the valuation model including
the expected life of the warrants and conversion feature derivative liability, volatility and dividend yield and making assumptions about
them. 

The
Company has to make estimates to accrue for certain expenditures due to delay in receipt of third-party vendor invoices. These accruals
are made based on trends, history and knowledge of activities. Actual results may be different. 

The
Company makes monthly estimates of its water treatment costs, with a true-up to the annual invoice received from the IDEQ. Using the
actual costs in the annual invoice, the Company will then reassess its estimate for future periods. Given the nature, complexity and
variability of the various actual cost items included in the invoice, the Company has used the most recent invoice as its estimate of
the water treatment costs for future periods. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
Applicable. 

35 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

TABLE
 OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm MNP, LLP PCAOB ID: 
 37 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets, December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 39 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 40 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 41 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 42 
 
 Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 43-67 

36 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Bunker Hill Mining Corp. (formerly Liberty Silver Corp.) 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bunker Hill Mining Corp. (the Company) as at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the related consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss), cash flows, and changes in shareholders 
deficiency for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
consolidated financial statements). 

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the
Company as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its consolidated operations and its consolidated cash flows for each of
the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Material
Uncertainty Related to Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As
discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered an accumulated deficit and recurring losses
from operations and does not have sufficient working capital which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. This matter is also described in
the Critical Audit Matters section of our report. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

37 

Critical
 Audit Matter Description 
 
 Audit
 Response 

Going
 Concern 
 
 As described in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company
has been incurring losses from operations and does not have sufficient working capital needed to meet its current obligations and commitments.
In order to continue as a going concern, the Company must seek additional financing. 
 
 Significant assumptions and judgements on cash flow projections were made
by management in estimating future cash flows, which are subject to high degree of uncertainty. 
 
 Refer to Note 1 Nature and Continuance of Operations and Going Concern. 
 
 This matter is also described in the Material Uncertainty Related
to Going Concern section of our report. 
 
 We responded to this matter by performing audit procedures in relation
to the assessment of the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Our audit work in relation to this included, but was not
restricted to, the following: 

Evaluated the impact of the Company s existing financial arrangements
and conditions in relation to the ability to continue as a going concern. 

Obtained an understanding from management on the Company s future
plans on the operations including financing arrangements. 

Evaluated the assumptions and estimates on cashflow projections used in
the forecast incorporating information established from our understanding above and any materialized arrangements subsequent to the period
end. 

Assessed the appropriateness of the related disclosures. 

Valuation
 of Series 1 2 Convertible Debentures and Royalty Convertible Debenture (CDs) 
 
 The
 Company issued various convertible debentures that are complex in nature and are required to be fair valued on issuance and at each
 reporting period. 
 
 The
 calculation of the fair value of the CDs requires management to use an appropriate valuation model and incorporates estimates. 
 
 Due
 to the complexity of these CDs and the estimates and assumptions involved in the determination of fair value we consider this to
 be a critical audit matter. 
 
 Refer
 to Note 3 Significant Account Policies Use of Estimates and Assumptions and Note 8 Promissory Note Payable and Convertible
 Debentures 
 
 We
 responded to this matter by performing audit procedures in relation to the accounting and valuation of the CDs. Our audit work in
 relation to this included, but was not restricted to, the following: 

Obtained
 and reviewed the agreements for the CDs. 

Obtained
 management s analysis and assessment of the accounting of the CDs and their calculation of the fair value related to the instruments. 

Assessed
 the accounting treatment of the CDs to ensure it follows the appropriate accounting guidance. 

Assessed
 the reasonability of the model used to value the CDs and the appropriateness of the inputs used and recalculated the fair values. 

Performed
 a sensitivity analysis of the inputs. 

Recalculated
 the covenants involved to ensure compliance. 

Chartered Professional Accountants 

Licensed Public Accountants 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

April 17, 2023 

38 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

December
 31, 
 December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 assets 

Cash 

Restricted
 cash (note 7) 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts
 receivable and prepaid expenses (note 5) 

Short-term
 deposit 
 - 

Prepaid
 mine deposit and acquisition costs (note 6) 
 - 

Prepaid
 finance costs 
 - 

Total
 current assets 

Non-current
 assets 

Spare
 parts inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Equipment
 (note 5) 

Long-term deposit (note 5) 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use
 assets (note 6) 
 - 

Bunker
 Hill Mine and Mining interests (note 7) 

Process
 plant (note 5) 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 assets 

EQUITY
 AND LIABILITIES 

Current
 liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 liabilities 

EPA
 water treatment payable (note 8) 
 - 

Interest
 payable (notes 8 and 9) 

Derivative
 warrant liability (note 11) 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred share units
 liability (note 14) 

Promissory
 notes payable (note 9) 

Environment protection agency
 cost recovery payable (note 8) 
 - 

Current
 portion of lease liability (note 10) 
 - 

Total
 current liabilities 

Non-current
 liabilities 

Loan
 payable (note 9) 
 
 - 
 
 Series
 1 convertible debenture (note 9) 
 
 - 
 
 Series
 2 convertible debenture (note 9) 
 
 - 
 
 Royalty
 convertible debenture (note 9) 
 
 - 
 
 Environment
 protection agency cost recovery liability net of discount (note 8) 
 
 - 
 
 Derivative
 warrant liability (note 11) 

Total
 liabilities 

Shareholders 
 Deficiency 

Preferred
 shares, par value, preferred shares authorized; Nil preferred shares issued and outstanding (note 11) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 shares, par value, common shares authorized; and common shares issued and outstanding,
 respectively (note 11) 

Additional
 paid-in-capital (note 11) 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 

Total
 shareholders deficiency 

Total
 shareholders deficiency and liabilities 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

39 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Income (loss) and Comprehensive Income (loss) 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

Year 
 Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

December
 31, 
 December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating
 expenses 

Operation
 and administration (notes 11, 13 and 14) 

Exploration 
 - 

Mine
 preparation 
 
 - 
 
 Legal
 and accounting 

Consulting
 and wages (note 17) 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 income or gain (expense or loss) 

Change
 in derivative liability (note 11) 

(loss) gain on foreign exchange 

Loss
 on fair value of convertible debentures (note 9) 
 
 - 
 
 Gain
 on EPA debt extinguishment (note 8) 
 
 - 
 
 Interest
 expense (notes 8 and 9) 

Debenture
 finance costs (note 9) 
 
 - 
 
 Financing
 costs 
 
 - 
 
 Other
 income 
 
 - 
 
 Other
 expense 
 
 - 
 
 Loss
 on debt settlement 
 - 

Net
 income (loss) for the year 

Other
 comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

Gain
 on change in FV on own credit risk (note 9) 
 
 - 
 
 Other
 comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 - 
 
 Comprehensive
 income (loss) 

Net
 Income (loss) per common share 

Net
 income (loss) per common share basic (note 12) 

Net
 income (loss) per common share fully diluted (note 12) 

Weighted
 average number of common shares 

Weighted
 average common shares basic (note 12) 

Weighted
 average common shares fully diluted (note 12) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

40 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

Year 
 Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

December
 31, 
 December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating
 activities 

Net
 Income (loss) for the year 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Depreciation
 expense 

Change
 in derivative liability 

Units
 issued for services 
 
 - 
 
 Imputed
 interest expense on lease liability 

Interest
 expense 
 
 - 
 
 Financing
 costs 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign
 exchange loss (gain) 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign
 exchange loss (gain) on re-translation of lease 

Loss
 on debt settlement 
 - 

Amortization
 of EPA discount 
 
 - 
 
 Loss
 on fair value of convertible debt derivatives 
 
 - 
 
 Gain
 on EPA debt extinguishment 
 
 - 
 
 Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 

Prepaid
 mine acquisition costs 
 - 

Prepaid
 finance costs 

Prepaid
 expenses and deposits 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 liabilities 

EPA
 water treatment payable 

EPA
 cost recovery payable 

Interest
 payable EPA 
 
 - 
 
 Interest
 payable 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Investing
 activities 

Purchase
 of spare inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Land
 purchase 
 
 - 
 
 Bunker
 Hill mine purchase 
 
 - 
 
 Mine
 improvements 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase
 and demobilization of Process plant 
 
 - 
 
 Process
 plant 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase
 of machinery and equipment 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Financing
 activities 

Proceeds
 from convertible debentures 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from bridge loan 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from issuance of shares, net of issue costs 

Proceeds
 from promissory note 
 - 

Repayment
 of promissory note 
 
 - 
 
 Lease
 payments 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net
 change in cash and restricted cash 

Cash,
 beginning of year 

Cash
 and restricted cash, end of year 

Supplemental
 disclosures 

Non-cash
 activities: 

Units
 issued to settle accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Units
 issued to settle interest payable 
 
 - 
 
 Mill
 purchase for shares and warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Units
 issued to settle DSU/RSU/Bonuses 
 
 - 

Reconciliation from Cash Flow Statement to Balance Sheet: 

Cash and restricted cash, end of year 

Less restricted cash 
 
 - 
 
 Cash 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

41 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficiency 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

Accumulated 

Additional 
 other 

Common
 stock 
 paid-in- 
 comprehensive 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 loss 
 deficit 
 Total 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

- 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Compensation
 options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Shares
 issued for interest payable 

- 
 - 

Shares
 issued for RSUs vested 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non
 brokered shares issued for C 

- 
 - 

Special
 warrant shares issued for C 

- 
 - 

Contractor
 shares issued for C 

- 
 - 

Shares
 issued for Process plant purchase 

- 
 - 

Issue
 costs 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrant
 valuation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Gain
 on fair value from change in credit risk 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 income for the period 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued at 0.32 per share(ii) 

Shares issued at 0.32 per share(ii), shares 

Shares issued for debt settlement at 0.45 per share 

Shares issued for debt settlement at 0.45 per share, shares 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

Balance,
 December 31, 2020 

- 

Beginning
 balance value 

- 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Shares
 issued at per share (ii) 

- 
 - 

Shares
 issued for debt settlement at per share (iii) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Shares
 issued for RSUs vested 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issue
 costs 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrant
 valuation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss for the period 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

- 

Ending
 balance value 

- 

(i) 
 , converted to US at (note 11) 
 
 (ii) 
 , converted to US at (note 11) 
 
 (iii) 
 , converted to US at (note 11) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

42 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

, U.S.A. on February 20, 2007, under
the name Lincoln Mining Corp. Pursuant to a Certificate of Amendment dated February 11, 2010, the Company changed its name to Liberty
Silver Corp., and on September 29, 2017, the Company changed its name to Bunker Hill Mining Corp. The Company s registered office
is located at 1802 N. Carson Street, Suite 212, Carson City, Nevada 89701, and its head office is located at 82 Richmond Street East,
Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5C 1P1. As of the date of this Form 10-Q, the Company had one subsidiary, Silver Valley Metals Corp. Silver
Valley , formerly American Zinc Corp.), an Idaho corporation created to facilitate the work being conducted at the Bunker Hill
Mine in Kellogg, Idaho. 

The Company was incorporated for the initial purpose
of engaging in mineral exploration activities at the Mine. The Company has moved into the development stage concurrent with (i) purchasing
the Mine and a process plant, (ii) completing successive technical and economic studies, including a Prefeasibility Study, (iii) delineating
mineral reserves, and (iv) conducting the program of activities outlined above. 

Going
Concern: 

These
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The Company has incurred losses since inception resulting
in an accumulated deficit of and further losses are anticipated in the development of its business. The Company does not
have sufficient cash to fund normal operations and meet debt obligations for the next 12 months without deferring payment on certain
current liabilities and/or raising additional funds. In order to continue to meet its fiscal obligations in the current fiscal year and
beyond, the Company must seek additional financing. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a
going concern. Its ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the ability of the Company to generate profitable operations
in the future and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business
operations when they come due. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Management
is considering various financing alternatives including, but not limited to, raising capital through the capital markets, debt, and closing
on the multi-metals stream transaction (see note 8). These consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts of and classification of liabilities
that might be necessary in the event the Company cannot continue in existence. 

COVID-19: 

The
Company s operations could be significantly adversely affected by the effects of a widespread global outbreak of epidemics, pandemics,
or other health crises, including the recent outbreak of respiratory illness caused by the novel coronavirus COVID-19 ).
Although the pandemic has subsided significantly, the Company cannot accurately predict the impact a COVID-19 resurgence would have on
its operations and the ability of others to meet their obligations with the Company, including uncertainties relating to the ultimate
geographic spread of the virus, the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, and the length of travel and quarantine restrictions
imposed by governments of affected countries. In addition, a significant outbreak of contagious diseases in the human population could
result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in
an economic downturn that could further affect the Company s operations and ability to finance its operations. 

The
Russia/Ukraine Crisis: 

The
Company s operations could be adversely affected by the effects of the Russia/Ukraine crisis and the effects of sanctions imposed
against Russia or that country s retributions against those sanctions, embargos or further-reaching impacts upon energy prices,
food prices and market disruptions. The Company cannot accurately predict the impact the crisis will have on its operations and the ability
of contractors to meet their obligations with the Company, including uncertainties relating the severity of its effects, the duration
of the conflict, and the length and magnitude of energy bans, embargos and restrictions imposed by governments. In addition, the crisis
could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of the United States in general, resulting in an economic downturn that could
further affect the Company s operations and ability to finance its operations. Additionally, the Company cannot predict changes
in precious metals pricing or changes in commodities pricing which may alternately affect the Company either positively or negatively. 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

to years. The cost of repairs and maintenance is charged to expense as incurred. Upon
sale or other disposition of a depreciable asset, cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss
is reflected in other income or gain (expense or loss). 

The
Company periodically evaluates whether events and circumstances have occurred that may warrant revision of the estimated useful lives
of equipment or whether the remaining balance of the equipment should be evaluated for possible impairment. If events and circumstances
warrant evaluation, the Company uses an estimate of the related undiscounted cash flows over the remaining life of the equipment in measuring
their recoverability. 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

stock options, warrants, and 
broker options were considered in the calculation but not included, as they were anti-dilutive (December 31, 2021 stock
options, warrants, and broker options). 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

Environment protection agency overpayment (note 8) 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

Equipment, gross 

Less
 accumulated depreciation 

Equipment,
 net 

The
total depreciation expense during the year ended December 31, 2022, was 162,290 (year ended December 31, 2021 - ). 

Process
Plant Purchase from Teck Resources Limited 

On
May 13, 2022, the Company completed purchase of a comprehensive package of equipment and parts inventory from Teck Resources Limited Teck ). 

The
purchase of the mill has been valued at: 

- 
 Cash
 consideration given, comprised of non-refundable deposit remitted on January 7, 2022 and sales tax remitted on May
 13, 2022, a total of cash remitted. 

- 
 Value
 of common shares issued on May 13, 2022 at the market price of that day, a value of . 

- 
 Fair
 value of the warrants issued together with the inputs, as determined by a binomial model, resulted in a fair value of .
 See note 10. 

- 
 As
 a result, the total value of the mill purchase was determined to be . 

The
process plant was purchased in an assembled state in the seller s location, and included major processing systems, significant
components, and a large inventory of spare parts. The Company has disassembled and transported it to the Bunker Hill site, and will be
reassembling it as an integral part of the Company s future operations. The Company determined that the transaction should be accounted
for as an asset acquisition, with the process plant representing a single asset, with the exception of the inventory of spare parts,
which has been separated out and appears on the balance sheets as a current asset in accordance with a preliminary purchase price allocation.
As the plant is demobilized, transported and reassembled, installation and other costs associated with these activities will be captured
and capitalized as components of the asset. 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

Sales
 tax paid 

Value
 of shares issued 

Value
 of warrants issued 

Total
 plant inventory purchased 

Site
 preparation costs 

Demobilization 

Less
 spare parts inventory 

Pend
 Oreille plant asset, net 

Ball
Mill upgrade 

On
August 30, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase a ball mill from D Angelo International LLC for . The
purchase of the mill is to be made in three cash payments. The first two payments were made as follows: 

on September 15, 2022 as a non-refundable long-term deposit 

on October 13, 2022, as a refundable long-term deposit 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had not made the final payment of . 

Less
 accumulated depreciation 

Right-of-use
 asset, net 
 - 

The
total depreciation expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 was (year ended December 31, 2021 - ). 

was agreed,
with payable in cash (with an aggregate of to be credited toward the purchase price of the Mine as having been previously
paid by the Company) and in Common Shares of the Company. On November 20, 2020 the Company made an advance payment of , credited
towards the purchase price of the Mine, which had the effect of decreasing the remaining amount payable to purchase the Mine to an aggregate
of payable in cash and in Common Shares of the Company. 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

The
Amended Agreement also required payments pursuant to an agreement with the Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA whereby for so long as the Company leases, owns and/or
occupies the Mine, the Company would make payments to the EPA on behalf of Placer Mining in satisfaction of the EPA s claim for
historical water treatment cost recovery in accordance with the Settlement Agreement reached with the EPA in 2018. Immediately prior
to the purchase of the Mine, the Company s liability to EPA in this regard totaled . (See also Note 8 Environmental
Protection Agency Agreement). 

Prior to the completion of the sale, the Company accrued
 in acquisition costs during the year ended December 31, 2021. Together with the advance payment made in November 2020,
this comprises the balance of for prepaid mine deposit and acquisition costs on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. 

The
Company completed the purchase of the Mine on January 7, 2022. The terms of the purchase price were modified to in cash, from
 of cash and of Common Shares. Concurrent with the purchase of the Mine, the Company assumed incremental liabilities
of to the EPA, consistent with the terms of the amended Settlement Agreement with the EPA that was executed in December 2021
(see also Note 8 Environmental protection Agency Agreement). 

The
 contract cash paid at purchase was the less the deposit and credit given by the seller for
prior years maintenance payments. Management has determined the purchase to be an acquisition of a single asset as guided by ASU
805-10 Business Combinations. 

The
carrying cost of the Mine is comprised of the following: 

Less:
 Credit by seller for prior maintenance payments 

Net
 present value of water treatment cost recovery liability assumed (note 8) 

Closing
 costs capitalized 

Mine
 acquisition costs - legal 

Carrying
 cost of mine January 7, 2022 

Capitalized
 mining costs 2022 

Carrying
 cost of mine - total 

Land
Purchase 

On
March 3, 2022, the Company purchased a 225-acre surface land parcel for which includes the surface rights to portions of 24
patented mining claims, for which the Company already owns the mineral rights. 

. The agreement called for
payments starting with 30 days after a fully ratified agreement was signed (which payment was made) followed by 
on November 1, 2018, and on each of the next five anniversaries with a final payment on November 1, 2024. The November
1, 2018, November 1, 2019, November 1, 2020, and November 1, 2021, payments were not made. As a result, a total of was outstanding
as of December 31, 2021, accounted for within current liabilities. As the purchase of the Bunker Hill Mine (which would trigger the immediate
recognition of the remaining liabilities due through November 1, 2024) had not yet taken place, the remaining cost recovery
liabilities were not recognized on the Company s consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021. 

Through
2021, the Company engaged in discussions with the EPA to reschedule these payments in ways that enable the sustainable operation of the
Mine as a viable long-term business. 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

Effective
December 19, 2021, the Company entered into an amended Settlement Agreement between the Company, Idaho Department of Environmental Quality,
US Department of Justice, and the EPA (the Amended Settlement ). Upon the effectivity of the Amended Settlement, the Company
would become fully compliant with its payment obligations to these parties. The Amended Settlement modified the payment schedule and
payment terms for recovery of the aforementioned historical environmental response costs. Pursuant to the terms of the Amended Settlement,
upon purchase of the Bunker Hill Mine and the satisfaction of financial assurance commitments (as described below), the of
cost recovery liabilities will be paid by the Company to the EPA on the following dates: 

November
 1, 2024 

November
 1, 2025 

November
 1, 2026 

November
 1, 2027 

November
 1, 2028 

November
 1, 2029 
 
 plus accrued interest 

In
addition to the changes in payment terms and schedule, the Amended Settlement included a commitment by the Company to secure 
of financial assurance in the form of performance bonds or letters of credit deemed acceptable to the EPA within 180 days from the effective
date of the Amended Settlement. Once put in place, the financial assurance can be drawn on by the EPA in the event of non-performance
by the Company of its payment obligations under the Amended Settlement (the Financial Assurance ). The amount of the bonds
will decrease over time as individual payments are made. 

The
Company completed the purchase of the Mine (see note 7) and made the initial 
cost recovery payment on January 7, 2022. Concurrent with the purchase of the Mine, the Company assumed the balance of the EPA
liability totaling ,
an increase of . This was capitalized as to the carrying value of the Bunker Hill Mine at time of purchase, comprised of
 of incremental current liabilities and of non-current liabilities (discounted to 3,402,425). See note 7. 

As
of March 31, 2022, the financial assurance had not yet been secured, and as such 

During
the quarter ended June 30, 2022, the Company was successful in obtaining the final financial assurance. Specifically, a 
payment bond and a 
letter of credit were secured and provided to the EPA. This milestone provides for the Company to recognize the effects of the
change in terms of the EPA liability as outlined in the Amendment Settlement. Once the financial assurance was put into place, the
restructuring of the payment stream under the Amendment Settlement occurred with the entire 
liability being recognized as long-term in nature. The aforementioned payment bond is secured by a 
letter of credit. The 
and 
letters of credit are secured by 
of cash deposits under an agreement with a commercial bank. These cash deposits comprise the 
of restricted cash shown within current assets as of September 30, 2022. 

During
the quarter ended December 31, 2022 the letter of credit was reduced to as a result of a new payment
bond obtained through an insurance company. The collateral for the new payment bond is comprised of a letter of credit and
land pledged by third parties, with whom the company has entered into a financing cooperation agreement that contemplates a monthly fee
of (payable in cash or common shares of the Company, at the Company s election). As a result of the net decrease
in the Company s letter of credit requirements, the Company s restricted cash balance (utilized as collateral for letters
of credit) decreased by from as of September 30, 2022 to as of December 31, 2022. 

Under
ASC 470-50, Debt Modifications and Extinguishments, the Company performed a comparison of net present value of the pre-settlement Cost
Recovery obligation to the post-settlement schedule of Cost Recovery obligation to determine this was an extinguishment of debt. The
Company recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt totaling .
The old debt, including any discount, was written off and the new payment stream of the amended 
 table, including the new discount of ,
using the effective interest rate of ,
was recorded to result in a net liability of ,
which is due long-term. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded combined discount amortization expense of 
 on the discounted pre- and post-extinguishment
liability, and interest expense of respectively, bringing the net liability to . As at December 31, 2022 interest of 
 at December 31, 2021) is included in interest payable
on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

Water
Treatment Charges EPA 

Separate
to the cost recovery liabilities outlined above, the Company is responsible for the payment of ongoing water treatment charges. Water
treatment charges incurred through December 31, 2021 were payable to the EPA, and charges thereafter are payable to the Idaho Department
of Environmental Quality IDEQ given a handover of responsibilities for the Central Treatment Plant from the EPA to the
IDEQ as of that date. The Company had estimated water treatment payables to the EPA of nil as of December 31, 2022 and at
December 31, 2021, which is reflected in current liabilities. 

Water
Treatment Charges IDEQ 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made net payments of 
(12 monthly payments of 
less 
refund received in December 2022) to the IDEQ to estimate the cost of treating water at the Central Treatment Plant. As of December
31, 2022, a prepaid expense of 
represents the difference between the actual cost of water treatment through December 31, 2022 and net payments made by the Company
to the IDEQ. This balance has been recognized on the consolidated balance sheets as accounts receivable and prepaid
expenses. 

bearing interest of per annum
and payable at maturity. The promissory note was scheduled to mature on ; however, the note holder agreed to accept 
payment, which the Company paid, by April 15, 2022, and the remaining principal and interest was deferred to June 20, 2022. Prior to
the revised maturity of June 20, 2022, the note holder agreed to accept a further payment by June 30, 2022, which the Company
paid. The remaining principal and interest has been deferred to June 15, 2023. The Company purchased a land parcel for approximately
 on March 3, 2022, which may be used as security for the promissory note. At December 31, 2022, the Company owes in
promissory notes payable, which is included in current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Interest expense for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and respectively. At December 31, 2022 interest of at December
31, 2021) is included in interest payable on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Project
Finance Package with Sprott Private Resource Streaming Royalty Corp. 

On
December 20, 2021, the Company executed a non-binding term sheet outlining a project finance package with Sprott Private
Resource Streaming and Royalty Corp. SRSR ). 

The
non-binding term sheet with SRSR outlined a project financing package that the Company expects to fulfill the majority of
its funding requirements to restart the Mine. The term sheet consisted of an royalty convertible debenture (the RCD ),
a convertible debenture (the CD1 ), and a multi-metals stream of up to (the Stream ).
The CD1 was subsequently increased to , increasing the project financing package to . 

On
June 17, 2022, the Company consummated a new convertible debenture (the CD2 ). As a result, total potential
funding from SRSR was further increased to including the RCD, CD1, CD2 and the Stream (together, the Project Financing
Package ). 

8,000,000
Royalty Convertible Debenture (RCD) 

The
Company closed the RCD on January 7, 2022. The RCD bears interest at an annual rate of , payable in cash or Common Shares
at the Company s option, until such time that SRSR elects to convert a royalty, with such conversion option expiring at the earlier
of advancement of the Stream or July 7, 2023 (subsequently amended as described below). In the event of conversion, the RCD will cease
to exist and the Company will grant a royalty for of life-of-mine gross revenue from mining claims considered to be historically
worked, contiguous to current accessible underground development, and covered by the Company s 2021 ground geophysical survey (the
 SRSR Royalty ). A 1.35 rate will apply to claims outside of these areas. The RCD was initially secured by a share pledge
of the Company s operating subsidiary, Silver Valley, until a full security package was put in place concurrent with the consummation
of the CD1. In the event of non-conversion, the principal of the RCD will be repayable in cash. 

Concurrent
with the funding of the CD2 in June 2022, the Company and SRSR agreed to a number of amendments to the terms of the RCD, including an
amendment of the . The parties also agreed to enter into a Royalty Put Option such that
in the event the RCD is converted into a royalty as described above, the holder of the royalty will be entitled to resell the royalty
to the Company for upon default under the CD1 or CD2 until such time that the CD1 and CD2 are paid in full. The Company determined
that the amendments in the terms of the RCD should not be treated as an extinguishment of the RCD, and have therefore been accounted
for as a modification as a result of the treatment the Company reported a gain of in the loss on fair value of convertible debentures line
of the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

6,000,000
Series 1 Convertible Debenture (CD1)) 

The
Company closed the CD1 on January 28, 2022, which was increased from the previously-announced . The CD1 bears interest
at an annual rate of , payable in cash or shares at the Company s option, and matures on July 7, 2023 (subsequently amended,
as described below). The CD1 is secured by a pledge of the Company s properties and assets. Until the closing of the Stream, the
CD1 was to be convertible into Common Shares at a price of C per Common Share, subject to stock exchange approval (subsequently
amended, as described below). Alternatively, SRSR may elect to retire the CD1 with the cash proceeds from the Stream. The Company may
elect to repay the CD1 early; if SRSR elects not to exercise its conversion option at such time, a minimum of 12 months of interest would
apply. 

Concurrent
with the funding of the CD2 in June 2022, the Company and SRSR agreed to a number of amendments to the terms of the CD1, including that
the , and that the CD1 would remain outstanding until the new maturity
date regardless of whether the Stream is advanced, unless the Company elects to exercise its option of early repayment. The Company determined
that the amendments in the terms of the CD1 should not be treated as an extinguishment of the CD1, and have therefore been accounted
for as a modification as a result of the treatment the Company reported a gain of in the loss on fair value of convertible debentures line
of the statement of operations for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

15,000,000
Series 2 Convertible Debenture (CD2) 

The
Company closed the CD2 on June 17, 2022. The CD2 bears interest at an annual rate of , payable in cash or shares at
the Company s option, and matures on March 31, 2025. The CD2 is secured by a pledge of the Company s properties and assets.
The repayment terms include 3 quarterly payments of each beginning June 30, 2024 and on the maturity date. 

In
light of the Series 2 Convertible Debenture financing, the previously permitted additional senior secured indebtedness of up to million
for project finance has been removed. 

The
Company determined that in accordance with ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging, each debenture will be valued and carried as a single instrument, with the
periodic changes to fair value accounted through earnings, profit and loss. 

RCD
 note 

CD1 note (1) 

RCD
 note 

CD2 note(1) 

CD2 note(1) 

CD1 note 

RCD
 note 

0.150 

CD1 note 

RCD
 note 

CD2 note 

CD1 note(3) 

RCD
 note 

CD2 note(3) 

(1) 
 
 as of the issuance date and as of March 31, 2022. The CD2 carried a DLOM of as of the issuance date and June
30, 2022 

(2) 
 , CD2 carries an instrument-specific spread of 

(3) 
 
 and CD2 is as of December 31, 2022 

(4) 
 was used for all scenarios of the RCD fair value computations 

(5) 
 gross revenue royalty. The valuation of (i) is compared to the valuation of (ii) for each simulation, with the higher value
used in the aggregation to arrive at the fair value of the RCD. This results in an implied probability of the RCD being converted to the
royalty, in the event that the Stream is advanced. Based on this methodology, as of December 31. 2022, the implied probability of the
RCD being converted to a royalty, in the event that the Stream is advanced, was . Credit spread, Risk-free rate, and Risk-adjusted
rate shown for the RCD are applicable to the scenario where the Stream is not advanced. There are immaterial differences in these inputs
for the scenario where the Stream is advanced. As of December 31, 2022 these were , , and respectively for the Scenario
where the Stream is advanced 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

RCD 

CD2 

Total 

The
total loss on fair value of debentures recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, was 
and nil ,
respectively. The portion of changes in fair value that is attributable to changes in the Company s credit risk is accounted
for within other comprehensive income. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recognized 
and nil 
respectively, within other comprehensive income. Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and nil respectively. At December
31, 2022 interest of nil at December 31, 2021) is included in interest payable on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The
Company performs quarterly testing of the covenants in the RCD, CD1 and CD2, and was in compliance with all such covenants as of December
31, 2022. 

The
Loan Facility 

On
December 6, 2022, the Company closed a new 
loan facility with Sprott (the Bridge Loan ). The Bridge Loan is secured by the same security package that is in place
with respect to the RCD, CD1, and CD2. . In addition, the minimum quantity of metal delivered under the Stream, if advanced, would increase by 
relative to amounts previously announced. Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and nil respectively. At December 31,
2022 interest of nil at December 31, 2021) is included in interest payable on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The
Stream 

A
minimum of and a maximum of (the Stream Amount will be made available under the Stream, at the
Company s option, once the conditions of availability of the Stream have been satisfied, including confirmation of full project
funding by an independent engineer appointed by SRSR. , the Stream would apply
to 10 of payable metals sold until a minimum quantity of metal is delivered consisting of, individually, 55 million pounds of zinc,
35 million pounds of lead, and 1 million ounces of silver (subsequently amended, as described below). Thereafter, the Stream would apply
to 2 of payable metals sold. If the Company elects to draw less than 37,000,000 under the Stream, the percentage and quantities of
payable metals streamed will adjust pro-rata. The delivery price of streamed metals will be 20 of the applicable spot price. The Company
may buy back 50 of the Stream Amount at a 1.40x multiple of the Stream Amount between the second and third anniversary of the date of
funding, and at a 1.65x multiple of the Stream Amount between the third and fourth anniversary of the date of funding. As of December 31, 2022, the Stream had not been advanced. 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

Concurrent
with the funding of the CD2 in June 2022, the Company and SRSR agreed that the minimum quantity of metal delivered under the Stream,
if advanced, will increase by 10 relative to the amounts noted above. 

Other Interest 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and December
the Company recognized and nil respectively of other interest expense. 

Addition 
 - 
 
 Interest
 expense 

Lease
 payments 

Foreign
 exchange loss 

Balance, December
 31, 2021 

Addition 
 - 
 
 Interest
 expense 

Lease
 payments 

Foreign
 exchange loss 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 
 - 

common shares, with a par value of per common share; and 

preferred shares with a par value of per preferred share 

Issued
and outstanding 

In
February 2021, the Company closed a non-brokered private placement of units of the Company (the February 2021 Offering ),
issuing units of the Company February 2021 Units at C per February 2021 Unit for gross proceeds of 
(C ). Each February 2021 Unit consisted of one common share of the Company and one common share purchase warrant of the Company
(each, February 2021 Warrant ), which entitles the holder to acquire a common share of the Company at C per common
share for a period of . In connection with the February 2021 Offering, the Company incurred share issuance costs of 
and issued compensation options (the February 2021 Compensation Options ). Each February 2021 Compensation Option
is exercisable into one February 2021 Unit at an exercise price of C for a period of three years. 

The
Company also issued February 2021 Units to settle of accrued liabilities at a deemed price of based on the fair
value of the units issued. As a result, the Company recorded a loss on debt settlement of . 

In
April 2022, the Company closed a private placement of Special Warrants and a non-brokered private placement of units
of the Company for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately (C ). Related parties, including management, directors,
and consultants, participated in the Special Warrant private placement for a total of shares (included in the total above). 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

The
Special Warrants were issued at a price of C per special warrant. Each Special Warrant shall be automatically exercisable (without
payment of any further consideration and subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments) into one unit of the Company (a Brokered
Unit on the date that is the earlier of: (i) the date that is three (3) business days following the date on which the Company
has obtained both (A) a receipt from the Canadian security commission in each of the each of the provinces of Canada which the purchasers
and Agents (as defined herein) are residents where the Special Warrants are sold (the Qualifying Jurisdictions for a (final)
short-form prospectus qualifying the distribution of the common stock of the Company Common Shares and common stock purchase
warrants of the Company (the Warrants issuable upon exercise of the Special Warrants (the Qualification Prospectus 
and (B) notification that the registration statement, under U.S. securities laws, of the Company filed with the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC has been declared effective by the SEC (the Registration Statement and
(ii) the date that is six months following April 1, 2022 (the Closing Date ). Each unit consists of one common share
and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to acquire one common share for C until April 1, 2025. The warrants shall also
be exercisable on a cashless basis in the event the Registration Statement has not been made effective by the SEC prior to the date of
exercise. 

On
May 31, 2022, the Company announced that it had received a receipt from the Ontario Securities Commission for its final short-form Canadian
prospectus qualifying the distribution of the common stock of the Company and common stock purchase warrants of the Company issuable
upon exercise of the special warrants of the Company that were issued on April 1, 2022. The Company also announced that it received notice
from the United States Securities and Exchange Commission that its Form S-1 has been declared effective as of May 27, 2022. As a result
of obtaining the receipt for the Canadian prospectus and the declaration of effectiveness for the Form S-1, each unexercised Special
Warrant was automatically exercised into one Common Share and one Warrant without further action on the part of the holders. 

The
non-brokered units were issued at a price of C per unit. Each unit consists of one common share and one warrant. Each
warrant entitles the holder to acquire one warrant share for C until April 1, 2025. 

In
connection with the special warrants offering, the agents earned a cash commission in the amount of C and compensation options
exercisable to acquire an aggregate of units of the Company at C a unit until April 1, 2024. Each compensation unit consists
of one common share and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to acquire one warrant share for C until April 1, 2024. 

In April 2022, the Company issued common
shares in connection with its election to satisfy interest payments under the outstanding convertible debentures for the three months
ended March 31, 2022. 

In April 2022, the Company issued shares in
connection with the settlement of RSU s. 

In
May 2022, the Company issued units to Teck Resources Limited in consideration towards the purchase of the Pend Oreille Processing
Plant at C per unit. Each unit consists of one common share and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to acquire one warrant
share for C until May 13, 2025. 

In
June 2022, the Company issued units to contractors for bonuses during the three months ended March 31, 2022. Each unit
consists of one common share and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to acquire one warrant share for C until April 1,
2025. 

In June 2022, the Company issued shares in
connection with the settlement of RSU s. 

In
July 2022, the Company issued common shares in connection with its election to satisfy interest payments under the outstanding
convertible debentures for the three months ended June 30, 2022. 

In September 2022, the Company issued common
shares in connection with the settlement of RSU s. 

In
October 2022, the Company issued common shares in connection with its election to satisfy interest payments under the outstanding
convertible debentures for the three months ended September 30, 2022. 

In
November 2022, the Company issued common shares in connection with settlement of RSU s. 

For
each financing, the Company has accounted for the warrants in accordance with ASC Topic 815 Derivatives and Hedging. The warrants are considered derivative
instruments as they were issued in a currency other than the Company s functional currency of the U.S. dollar. The estimated
fair value of warrants accounted for as liabilities was determined on the date of issue and marks to market at each financial
reporting period. The change in fair value of the warrant is recorded in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive
loss as a gain or loss in the change in derivative liability line
item and is estimated using the Binomial model. 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

days 
 1,096 
 days 
 
 Volatility 

Risk
 free interest rate 

Dividend
 yield 

Share
 price (C 

Fair
 value 

Change
 in derivative liability 
 
 - 

April
 2022 non-brokered issuance 
 December
 31, 
 2022 
 April
 1, 
 2022 
 
 Expected
 life 
 
 days 
 1,096 
 days 
 
 Volatility 

Risk
 free interest rate 

Dividend
 yield 

Share
 price (C 

Fair
 value 

Change
 in derivative liability 
 
 - 

May
 2022 Teck issuance 
 December
 31, 
 2022 
 May
 13, 
 2022 
 
 Expected
 life 
 
 days 
 1,096 
 days 
 
 Volatility 

Risk
 free interest rate 

Dividend
 yield 

Share
 price (C 

Fair
 value 

Change
 in derivative liability 
 
 - 

June
 2022 issuance 
 December
 31, 
 2022 
 June
 30, 
 2022 
 
 Expected
 life 
 
 days 
 1,006 
 days 
 
 Volatility 

Risk
 free interest rate 

Dividend
 yield 

Share
 price (C 

Fair
 value 

Change
 in derivative liability 
 
 - 

February
 2021 issuance 
 December
 31, 
 
 2022 
 December
 31, 
 
 2021 
 
 Expected
 life 
 1,136 
 days 
 1,501 
 days 
 
 Volatility 

Risk
 free interest rate 

Dividend
 yield 

Share
 price 

Fair
 value 

Change
 in derivative liability 
 
 - 

The
warrant liabilities as a result of the August 2018, November 2018, June 2019, August 2019, and August 2020 private placements were revalued
as at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 using the Binomial model and the following assumptions: 

August
 2020 issuance 
 December
 31, 
 
 2022 
 December
 31, 
 
 2021 
 
 Expected
 life 
 243 
 days 
 608 
 days 
 
 Volatility 

Risk
 free interest rate 

Dividend
 yield 

Share
 price 

Fair
 value 

Change
 in derivative liability 
 
 - 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

June
 2019 issuance (i) 
 December
 31, 
 
 2022 
 December
 31, 
 
 2021 
 
 Expected
 life 
 1,096 
 days 
 1,461 
 days 
 
 Volatility 

Risk
 free interest rate 

Dividend
 yield 

Share
 price 

Fair
 value 

Change
 in derivative liability 
 
 - 

(i) 
 per common share and extended the expiry date
to for 
 warrants. 

August
 2019 issuance (ii) 
 December
 31, 
 
 2022 
 December
 31, 
 
 2021 
 
 Expected
 life 
 1,096 
 days 
 1,461 
 days 
 
 Volatility 

Risk
 free interest rate 

Dividend
 yield 

Share
 price 

Fair
 value 

Change
 in derivative liability 
 
 - 

(ii) per common share and extended the expiry date to , for warrants. The terms of the remaining warrants remain unchanged. 

Warrants 

Issued 

Expired 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Issued 

Expired 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, February 2020 broker warrants expired. 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

Compensation
options 

Balance,
 December 31, 2020 

Issued
 February 2021 Compensation Options 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Issued
 April 2022 Compensation Options 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

C 
 
 years 
 
 February 2021 

C 
 
 years 
 
 April 1, 2022 

C 
 
 years 

(i) 

(ii) 

(iii) 

(i) 

(ii) 

(iii) 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

Stock
options 

Granted
 (i) 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Granted
 (ii) 

Expired
 May 1, 2022 

Forfeited
 November 25, 2022 

Expired
 December 31, 2022 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

(i) 
 stock options were issued to an officer of the Company, of which stock options vested immediately
 and the balance of stock options vested on December 31, 2021. These options have a -year life and are exercisable at C 
 per common share. The grant date fair value of the options was estimated at . The vesting of these options resulted in stock-based
 compensation of nil for the year ended December 31, 2022 for the year ended December 31, 2021) which is included in operation
 and administration expenses on the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 

(ii) 
 stock options were issued to an employee of the Company, of which
 vested immediately and the remaining balance of outstanding options to vest equally
 over the next two anniversaries of the grant date. These options have a -year life and are
 exercisable at C per common share. The grant fair value of the options was estimated
 at . The vesting of these options resulted in stock-based compensation of 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in the operation and administration
 expense of the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 

(iii) 
 On
 November 23, 2022, stock options were issued to an employee of the Company, of which vested immediately and the remaining
 balance of outstanding options to vest equally over the next two anniversaries of the grant date. These options have a -year life
 and are exercisable at C per common share. The grant fair value of the options was estimated at . The vesting of these
 options resulted in stock-based compensation of for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in the operation
 and administration expense of the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 

C 
 
 years 
 
 (ii) 

C 
 
 years 
 
 (iii) 

C 
 
 years 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

Basic
 income (loss) per share Weighted average number of common shares - basic 

Net
 income (loss) per share basic 

Net
 income (loss) for the period 

Dilutive
 effect of convertible debentures 
 
 - 
 
 Dilutive
 effect of warrants on net income 
 - 
 - 
 
 Diluted
 net income (loss) for the period 

Diluted income (loss)
 per share 

Weighted average
 number of common shares - basic 

Diluted
 effect: 

Stock options and RSUs 
 
 - 
 
 Weighted
 average number of common shares - fully diluted 

Net
 income (loss) per share - fully diluted 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested
 as at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Unvested
 as at December 31, 2022 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

(i)
On January 1, 2021, the Company granted RSUs to a consultant of the Company. RSUs vested immediately with the remaining
RSUs vesting in one twelfth increments per month. During the year ended 2021, a total of RSUs vested, and in July 2021, the consultant
forfeited the remaining unvested RSUs, resulting in a reversal of share-based compensation of . The vesting of these RSUs
resulted in stock-based compensation of nil for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021,
which is included in operation and administration expenses on the consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss. 

(ii)
On July 1, 2021, the Company granted RSUs to a consultant of the Company, vested immediately. The vesting of these RSUs resulted
in stock-based compensation of nil for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is included
in operation and administration expenses on the consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss. 

(iii)
On August 5, 2021, the Company granted RSUs to consultants of the Company, vested immediately. The vesting of these RSUs resulted
in stock-based compensation of nil for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is
included in operation and administration expenses on the consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss. 

(iv)
On January 10, 2022, the Company granted RSUs to a consultant of the Company, vested immediately. The vesting of these RSUs
resulted in stock-based compensation of for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in operation and administration
expenses on the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 

(v)
On April 29, 2022, the Company granted RSUs to certain consultants of the Company, vested immediately. The vesting of these RSUs
resulted in stock-based compensation of for the year ended December, 2022, which is included in operation and administration
expenses on the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 

(vi)
On June 30, 2022, the Company granted RSUs to a consultant of the Company, vested immediately. The vesting of these RSUs resulted
in stock-based compensation of for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in operation and administration expenses
on the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 

(vii)
On September 29, 2022 the Company granted RSUs to two consultants of the Company, vested immediately. The vesting of these RSUs
resulted in stock-based compensation of for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in operation and administration
expenses on the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 

(viii)
On October 31, 2022 the Company granted RSUs to two consultants of the Company, vested immediately. The vesting of these RSUs
resulted in stock-based compensation of for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in operation and administration
expenses on the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 

(ix)
On November 17, 2022 the Company granted RSUs to certain key management of the Company. The RSUs vest in one third increments
upon each anniversary of the grant date. The vesting of these RSUs resulted in stock-based compensation of for the year ended
December 31, 2022, which is included in operation and administration expenses on the consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive
loss. 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

Vested 

Unvested
 as at December 31, 2021 

Granted
 (i) 

Vested
 (ii)(iii) 

Unvested
 as at December 31, 2022 

(i) 
 DSUs. The DSUs vest in one fourth increments upon each anniversary of the grant date
 and expire in years. On July 1, 2022 the Company granted DSU s, these DSU s vest after months of the issuance
 date. During the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 the Company recognized recovery of and expense of , respectively,
 in stock-based compensation related to the DSUs, which is included in operation and administration expenses on the consolidated statements
 of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss), as DSU s were settled in cash during the year ended December 31, 2022. Upon
 redemption of the DSUs (see (iii)) the fair value of the remaining DSU liability at December, 2022 was . 

(ii) 
 DSUs for one of the Company s Directors. 

(iii) 
 DSUs for C , and elected to use net proceeds to subscribe
 for units in the Company s April 2022 special warrant issuance at C per unit, with the balance of the redeemed
 amount payable in cash after applicable withholding tax deductions. The DSU s were therefore all accelerated to vest. 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

(December 31, 2021) to pretax loss from operations for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

 Schedule of Income Tax Provision 

Year 
 Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

December
 31, 
 December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Income
 (loss) before income taxes 

Expected
 income tax recovery 

Change
 in estimates in respect of prior periods 

Change
 in tax rate 

Change
 in fair value of derivative liability 

State
 and local taxes, net of federal benefit 

Other 

Change
 in valuation allowance 

Total 
 - 
 - 

Mineral
 interest purchase option 
 - 

Mining
 interests 
 
 - 
 
 EPA
 liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Other
 deferred tax assets 

Valuation
 allowance 

Total 
 - 
 - 

Deferred
 tax liabilities: 

Equipment 
 - 

Unrealized
 foreign exchange gain 

Net
 deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

The
potential income tax benefit of these losses has been offset by a full valuation allowance. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has an unused net operating loss carryforward balance of , and ,
respectively, that is available to offset future taxable income. 

The
Company did not have any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly
increase or decrease within the next 12 months. 

The
tax years that remain subject to examination by major taxing jurisdictions are those for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 and years 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, 2016, and 2015. 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and , respectively is owed to key management personnel with all amounts included
in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 

(i)
During the year ended December 31, 2022, Wayne Parsons (Director and former CFO) billed (year ended December 31, 2021 - for consulting services to the Company, in addition to DSU s which settled on June 30, 2022, at a value of concurrent with his
departure from the Board of Directors. 

(ii)
During the year ended December 31, 2022, Richard Williams (Director and Executive Chairman) billed 
(year ended December 31, 2021 - for consulting services and bonus payment to the Company. At December 31, 2022, 
is owed to Richard Williams (December 31, 2021 - for consulting services, with all amounts included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, restricted share units (RSU s) were issued to Richard Williams which will vest in one third
increments on March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2025. The vesting of these RSU s resulted in stock-based compensation
of for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(iii)
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 
in payroll expense and bonus payment for Sam Ash (year ended December 31, 2021 - for services to the Company. At December 31, 2022, nil 
(December 31, 2021 - is payable and included in accrued liabilities. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, restricted share units (RSU s) were issued to Sam Ash which will vest in one third
increments on March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2025. The vesting of these RSU s resulted in stock-based compensation
of for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(iv)
During the year ended December 31, 2022, Pam Saxton (Director) billed (year ended December 31, 2021 - for consulting
services to the Company. 

(v)
During the year ended December 31, 2022, Cassandra Joseph (Director) billed (year ended December 31, 2021 - for consulting
services to the Company. 

(vi)
During the year ended December 31, 2022, Mark Cruise (Director) billed (year ended December 31, 2021 - 0) for consulting services
to the Company. On July 1, 2022, the Company issued DSU s to a Mark Cruise. 

(vii)
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 
in payroll expense and bonus payment for David Wiens (CFO) (year ended December 31, 2021, for services to the Company. At December 31, 2022, 
(year ended December 31, 2021 - is payable, including reimbursable expenses, and included in accrued liabilities. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, restricted share units (RSU s) were issued to David Wiens which will vest in one third
increments on March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2025. The vesting of these RSU s resulted in stock-based compensation
of for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, stock options were issued to David Wiens, of which stock options vested immediately
and the balance of stock options vested on December 31, 2021. These options have a -year life and are exercisable at C 
per common share. The grant date fair value of the options was estimated at . The vesting of these options resulted in stock-based
compensation of for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corp. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

common shares in connection with its election to satisfy interest payments under the outstanding
convertible debentures for the three months ending December 31, 2022. 

On
March 31, 2023, the Company issued common shares in connection with its election to satisfy interest payments under the outstanding
convertible debentures for the three months ending March 31, 2023. 

Corporate
Update 

On
February 28, 2023, the Company reported that it had temporarily paused discretionary projects and procurement activities until the completion
of its financing initiatives. Primarily due to the inability to procure certain long-lead items that were planned to be ordered by February
2023, and longer estimated delivery times thereof, the Company now expects the Bunker Hill Mine restart to be achieved in 2024. 

Teck
Warrant Amendment 

On
March 15, 2023, the Company amended the exercise price of common stock purchase warrants of the Company (the Warrants and the expiry date of the warrants to March 31, 2023. The Warrants comprise units of the Company issued to Teck Resources Limited Teck on a private placement basis on May 13, 2022, in consideration for the Company s acquisition of the Pend Oreille process plant.
Each Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock of the Company (each, a Warrant Share at
an exercise price of C per Warrant Share at any time on or prior to May 12, 2025. The Company amended the exercise price of the
Warrants from C to C per Warrant Share (the Amended Exercise Price and amend the expiry date from May 12, 2025,
to March 31, 2023. Following the amendment of the terms of the warrants, Teck exercised all warrants at an exercise price
of C , for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately C to the Company. 

Termination
of Prospectus Offering and Private Placement 

On
February 15, 2023, the Company reported that it intended to terminate its previously announced prospectus offering of Common Shares following
its determination that effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-1 would not be achievable in a time frame consistent with
its capital requirements. Concurrently, the Company announced that it had entered into an agreement with a syndicate of agents in connection
with a proposed private placement of up to C million of special warrants of the Company (the Special Warrants ). 

On
March 28, 2023, the Company announced the closing of its private placement of the Special Warrants by issuing Special Warrants
at a price of C per Special Warrant, for aggregate gross proceeds of C . Each Unit consists of one share of common stock
of the Company (each, a Unit Share and one common stock purchase warrant of the Company (each, a Warrant ).
Each whole Warrant entitles the holder thereof to acquire one share of common stock of the Company (a Warrant Share , and
together with the Unit Shares, the Underlying Shares at an exercise price of C per Warrant Share until March 27, 2026.
In consideration for their services in connection with the Offering, a cash commission in the amount of C is payable to the
Agents. The Agents were also issued compensation options (the Compensation Options ). Each Compensation Option
is exercisable to acquire one unit of the Company (a Compensation Unit at the Issue Price for a period of 36 months from
March 27, 2023, subject to adjustment in certain events. Each Compensation Unit consists of one share of common stock of the Company
and one common stock purchase warrant of the Company (an Agents Compensation Warrant ). Each Agents Compensation
Warrant entitles the holder thereof to acquire one share of common stock of the Company (an Agents Compensation Warrant
Share at a price of C per Agents Compensation Warrant Share until March 27, 2026. 

67 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Effective
September 2, 2014, the Company appointed the firm of MNP, LLP, Chartered Professional Accountants, as the Company s principal independent
accountant to audit the Company s financial statements. The Company has had no disagreements with its accountants that would require
disclosure pursuant to Item 304 of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

 The
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC defines the term disclosure controls and procedures to mean a company s
controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that
it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
The Company maintains such a system of controls and procedures in an effort to ensure that all information which it is required to disclose
in the reports it files under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified under
the SEC s rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to principal executive
and principal financial officers to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company made an
evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures over financial reporting for the
timely alert to material information required to be included in the Company s periodic SEC reports and of ensuring that such information
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified. This evaluation resulted in the conclusion that
the design and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

The
management of the Company is responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and related financial information appearing
in this report. The financial statements and notes have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. The management of the Company also is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. A company s internal control over
financial reporting is defined as a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: i) pertain to the maintenance of records that
in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the Company; and iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management,
including the CEO and CFO, does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls, procedures and internal control over financial reporting will prevent all error
and all fraud. Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Further, over
time, control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must
be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations
include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.
Additionally, controls can be circumvented if there exists in an individual a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design
will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

With the participation of the CEO and CFO, the Company s management
evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports filed or submitted by the Company under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, including to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by the Company in the reports filed or submitted by the Company under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to the Company s management, including the Company s principal executive and principal financial officer, or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, the Company s
CEO and CFO have concluded that the internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes
in Disclosure Controls and Procedures and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
has been no change in the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, other than
the remediation of the material weakness described below that materially affected or was reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. 

Remediation
of Previously Reported Material Weakness 

As
previously disclosed in the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, management had concluded there was a material weakness in
the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and identified significant deficiencies in the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Remediation
actions were fully implemented and executed during the year ended December 31, 2022, which include: 

The
 Company replaced certain accounting resources with qualified finance and accounting staff
 who are experienced in established and proven internal controls and accounting procedures
 with other companies in the same industry. 
 
 The
 Company engaged a third-party firm to assist in developing and implementing disclosure controls
 and procedures and internal control policies and procedures over financial reporting. 
 
 Appropriate
 segregation and assignment of duties between individuals and third-party firms were implemented
 to perform the regular accounting and finance functions of the Company to assure that transactions
 occurred timely and in a controlled manner. 
 
 Processes
 and controls were implemented over accounts payable transactions and account reconciliations,
 including the timely submission, review and payment of management expense reports. 

These
remediation actions were fully implemented and are reflected in the Company s transactions in 2022; and, as a result, the Company s
management, with the participation of the CEO and CFO, have concluded that, as of December 31. 2022, the material weakness was remediated. 

This
report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Management s report is not subject to attestation by the Company s
registered public accounting firm. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

68 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth the directors, executive officers, their ages, and all offices and positions held within the Company as of
December 31, 2022. Directors are elected for a period of one year and thereafter serve until their successor is duly elected by the stockholders
and qualified. Officers and other employees serve at the will of the Board. 

Name 
 
 Position
 Held with the Company 
 
 Age 
 
 Date
 First Elected or Appointed 
 
 Sam
 Ash 
 
 President,
 CEO and Director 
 
 44 
 
 April
 14, 2020 
 
 Richard
 Williams 
 
 Executive
 Chairman and Director 
 
 56 
 
 March
 27, 2020 
 
 David
 Wiens 
 
 CFO
 and Corporate Secretary 
 
 43 
 
 January
 12, 2021 
 
 Mark
 Cruise 
 
 Director 
 
 52 
 
 June
 30, 2022 
 
 Cassandra
 Joseph 
 
 Director 
 
 51 
 
 November
 2, 2020 
 
 Dickson
 Hall 
 
 Director 
 
 70 
 
 January
 5, 2018 
 
 Pamela
 Saxton 
 
 Director 
 
 70 
 
 October
 30, 2020 

Biographical
Information 

Sam
Ash was a Partner from 2015 at Barrick Gold Corp. Barrick and held various roles over the nine years employed
there. This includes three years as General Manager of the Lumwana Copper Mine in Zambia, Technical Support Manager to Barrick s
Copper Business Unit, General Support Manager on the Cortez Mine in Nevada and Chief Engineer leading the roll-out of new Underground
Mining standards in the USA and Tanzania. Prior to his time at Barrick, Mr. Ash served as Manager of New Operations for Veris Gold Corp.
(formerly, Yukon-Nevada Gold Corp.) primarily on the Jerritt Canyon Mine in Nevada, and also as an Underground Mine Supervisor with Drummond
Company, Inc. He has recently completed his Masters Degree in Leadership and Strategy at the London Business School and has a
BS in Mining Engineering from the University of Missouri Rolla. 

Richard
Williams is an executive with an established track-record of transformational leadership within the mining industry and other
demanding environments. He is currently an advisor to companies facing complex operational, political or ESG challenges. Formerly the
Chief Operating Officer of Barrick and the company s Executive Envoy to Tanzania, he has also served as Chief Executive Officer
of the Afghan Gold and Minerals Company, Non-Executive Director of Trevali Mining Corporation and as a Non-Executive Director of Gem
Diamonds Limited. Prior to his commercial mining experience, Mr. Williams served as the Commanding Officer of the British Army s
Special Forces Regiment, the SAS. He holds an MBA from Cranfield University, a BSc in Economics from University College London and an
MA in Security Studies from Kings College London. 

David
Wiens is the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary. Mr. Wiens is an experienced mining executive with
over 18 years experience in corporate finance, financial planning analysis, treasury and investor relations. Mr. Wiens spent
the last eight years with Americas-focused precious metals companies, including over six years at SSR Mining Inc. where he was part of
a team that transformed the company from a single asset silver producer with limited mine life to a diversified long-life precious metals
company, while meeting production and cost guidance seven years in a row. As Director, Corporate Finance, he led a number of functions
including corporate finance, FP A, treasury, investor relations, concentrate marketing and gold dore sales. SSR Mining Inc. completed
a 5 billion merger with Alacer Gold Corp. in September 2020. Prior to his corporate roles, he was an investment banker at a number of
financial institutions, including Deutsche Bank AG in London, United Kingdom. Mr. Wiens earned his Bachelor of Commerce with a Finance
specialization at the University of British Columbia in Canada, is a CFA Charterholder, and is completing the CPA designation. 

Mark
Cruise is a professional geologist with over 27 years of international exploration, development and mining experience. A former
polymetallic commodity specialist with Anglo American plc, Dr Cruise founded and was Chief Executive Officer of Trevali Mining Corporation.
Under his leadership, from 2008-2019, the company grew from an initial discovery into a global zinc-lead-silver producer with operations
in the Americas and Africa. He has previously served as Vice President Business Development and Exploration, COO and CEO for several
TSX, TSX-Venture and NYSE-Americas listed exploration and development Companies. Mark has been an independent Director ofmultiple TSX-V;
TSX and NYSE-Americas listed Companies with market capitalizations ranging from tens of millions to in-excess of US 1 billion. 

69 

Cassandra Joseph is an American lawyer
with extensive experience managing the commercial relationship between mining companies and environmental regulators. She is currently
VP General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, having previously been Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for
Nevada Copper Corp. and Associate General Counsel for Tahoe Resources Inc. until it was acquired by Pan American Silver Corp. in 2019.
Before this, she worked for the Attorney Generals of California and Nevada, as Deputy and Senior Deputy Attorney General, and as a partner
in Watson Rounds PLC (now Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck LLP). Educated at Santa Clara University, and University of California at Berkeley,
she was called to the State Bar of California in 1999; the US Court of Appeals, Ninth Circuit in 2001; State Bar of Nevada in 2005; and
the US Supreme Court, US Court of Appeals and Federal Circuit in 2007. 

Dickson
Hall currently serves as a Director. He is a partner in Valuestone Advisory Limited, manager of Valuestone Global Resources
Fund 1, a mining fund associated with Jiangxi Copper Corporation and China Construction Bank International. Mr. Hall has more than 40
years experience in the resource field, much of it in Asia. From 2005 to 2016 he directed corporate development efforts in Asia
for Hunter Dickinson Inc. (HDI) raising capital, establishing strategic partnerships and broadening the Asian shareholder base for HDI
public companies. He was Senior Vice President of Continental Minerals Corporation which developed the Xietongmen copper-gold project
in Tibet, China before selling to China s Jinchuan Group in 2011 for 446 million. Mr. Hall is also a director and Investment Committee
member of Can-China Global Resources Fund, an energy and mining fund backed by the Export-Import Bank of China. He is or has been a director
of various resource and non-resource companies. Mr. Hall is a graduate of the University of British Columbia (BA, MA) and has diplomas
from Beijing University and Beijing Language Institute. 

Pam Saxton 
is an experienced mining company executive and Director. She is currently on the Board of Timberline Resources Corporation and serves
as Audit Committee Chair and was previously a Board Member and Audit Committee Chair at Pershing Gold Corporation. She also was on the
Board of Aquila Resources Inc. and served on a North American Advisory Board for Damstra Technology Damstra Holdings Limited.
As an Executive, she has served as CFO for Thompson Creek Metals Company and NewWest Gold Corporation, both in Colorado. Having started
her professional life working as an auditor for Arthur Andersen in Denver, her career has included senior finance appointments in the
American Natural Resources Industry including serving as VP Finance for Franco-Nevada Corporation s U.S. Operations. Ms. Saxton
is qualified to serve on the Board by virtue of her expertise in finance, accounting and auditing matters. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any of the current directors or officers of the Company. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Neither
the Company nor its property is the subject of any other pending legal proceedings, and no other such proceeding is known to be contemplated
by any governmental authority. The Company is not aware of any other legal proceedings in which any director, officer or affiliate of
the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class of the Company s voting securities, or any associate
of any such director, officer, affiliate or security holder of the Company, is a party adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or has a material interest adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

Directorships 

None
of the Company s executive officers or directors is a director of any company with a class of equity securities registered pursuant
to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company s Board has adopted a code of ethics that will apply to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer and
principal accounting officer or controller and to persons performing similar functions. The code of ethics is designed to deter wrongdoing
and to promote honest and ethical conduct, full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure, compliance with applicable laws,
rules and regulations, prompt internal reporting of violations of the code and accountability for adherence to the code. The Company
will provide a copy of its code of ethics, without charge, to any person upon receipt of written request for such, delivered to our corporate
headquarters. All such requests should be sent care of Bunker Hill Mining Corp., Attn: Corporate Secretary, 82 Richmond Street East,
Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5C 1P1. 

70 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth, for the years indicated, all compensation paid, distributed or accrued for services, including salary and
bonus amounts, rendered in all capacities by the Company s principal executive officer, chief financial officer and all other executive
officers; the information contained below represents compensation paid, distributed or accrued to the Company s officers for their
work related to the Company. 

Name
 and Principal
 Position 
 Year 
 Salary
 ) 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Stock Awards (4) ) 
 Option Awards
 (1) ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (#) 
 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

David Wiens (2) 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 219,848 
 163,467 
 118,217 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 501,532 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 210,315 
 66,000 (3) 
 - 
 204,213 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 480,208 

John Ryan (5) 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Richard Williams 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 240,000 
 132,084 
 128,964 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 501,048 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 180,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 180,000 

Sam Ash (5) 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 270,000 
 168,600 
 145,085 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 603,685 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 250,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 250,000 

(1) 
 Option
 awards reflect the aggregate grant date fair value computed using the Black-Scholes model; for a discussion, please refer to Note
 11 in the Notes to the Financial Statements herein. 

(2) 
 David
 Wiens appointed as the Company s CFO on January 1, 2021. On February 19, 2021, 1,037,977 stock options were issued to David
 Wiens, of which 273,271 stock options vested immediately and the balance of 764,706 stock options vested on December 31, 2021. These
 options have a 5-year life and are exercisable at C 0.335 per common share. The grant date fair value of the options was estimated
 at 204,213. 

(3) 
 In
 February 2021, the Company issued 208,860 February 2021 Units at a deemed price of 0.45 to settle 66,000 (C 83,544) of bonus owed
 to David Wiens. Each February 2021 Unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase warrant, which entitles the holder
 to acquire a common share of the Company at C 0.60 per common share for a period of five years until February 16, 2026. 

(4) 
 In
 November 2022, 3,378,548 RSU s were issued to officers of the Company. These RSU s are calculated using a share price
 of C .0155 on the applicable grant date and will vest in one third increments on March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2025. 

(5) 
 Sam
 Ash became the Company s CEO on April 14, 2020. 

Grant
of Plan Based Awards 

On
February 19, 2021, 1,037,977 stock options were issued to an officer of the Company, of which 273,271 stock options vest immediately
and the balance of 764,706 stock options shall vest on December 31, 2021. These options have a 5-year life and are exercisable at C 0.335
per Common Share. 

On
November 17, 2022, 3,378,548 RSU s were issued to officers of the Company. These RSU s will vest in one third increments
on March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2025. 

71 

Outstanding
Stock Options Awards At Fiscal Year End 

The
following table provides a summary of equity awards outstanding at December 31, 2022, for each of the named executive officers. 

Option
 Awards 
 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price 

 (C 

Option 

 Expiration 

 Date 

Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 

 (#) 

Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 

 ) 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 

 (#) 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 

 ) 

John
 Ryan 
 390,000 

0.60 
 October 24, 
 2024 

100,000 
 12,552 

Sam
 Ash 

1,449,600 
 181,949 

Richard
 Williams (1) 
 989,415 
 2,968,244 
 
 0.55 
 April 20, 
 2025 

1,110,756 
 139,419 

David
 Wiens 
 1,037,977 

0.335 
 February 19, 
 2026 

1,018,193 
 127,800 

(1) 
 As
 of December 31, 2022, Richard Williams held 2,500,000 vested DSU s and 2,500,000 unvested DSU s. 

Long-Term
Incentive and Compensation Plans 

In
May 2020, and as part of its overall compensation planning, the Board introduced a long-term incentive plan (the Long Term Incentive
Plan or LTIP that provides for time-based RSUs, DSUs, options Options and performance-based share
unit awards PSUs , and collectively with RSUs, DSUs and Options, Awards that may be granted to employees,
officers and eligible consultants and directors of the Company and its affiliates. Recipients of Awards are defined as Participants . 

The
aim of the Company s compensation program is to attract and retain highly qualified executives and to link compensation to performance
and shareholder value. This must ensure that the compensation is sufficiently competitive to achieve this objective. The Board considers
a number of factors in order to determine compensation, including the Company s contractual obligations, the individual s
performance and other qualitative aspects of the individual s performance and achievements, the amount of time and effort the individual
will devote to the Company and the Company s financial resources. 

The
Company s compensation program is comprised of: 

(a) 
 A
 base salary or management fee arrangement and benefits . The base salaries or management fee arrangements and benefits paid to
 the key executives are not based on any specific formula and are set so as to be competitive with other companies of similar size
 and state of development in the mineral industry. This base salary also includes sign-on incentives, which may be issued in the form
 of cash, RSUs, DSUs or Options. 

(b) 
 A
 short-term incentive program in the form of bonuses . Bonuses are paid to key executives based on individual, team and Company
 performance and the executive s position in the Company. Any bonus awards are at the sole discretion of the Board. 

(c) 
 Long-term Incentive Plan . The LTIP consists of DSUs, RSUs, PSUs, and Options which provide the Board with additional long-term incentive
 mechanisms to align the interests of the directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Company with shareholder interests.
 The LTIP also provides for, among other things, an accelerated vesting of awards in the event of a change in control, thereby aligning
 the Company s practices with current corporate governance best practices respecting a change in control. 

The
Board believe that equity-based compensation plans are the most effective way to align the interests of management with those of shareholders.
Long-term incentives must also be competitive and align with the Company s compensation philosophy. 

The
Company does not have a pension plan that provides for payments or benefits to its executive officers. 

Change
of Control Agreements 

The
Company has provided change of control benefits to certain senior officers to encourage them to continue their employment in the event
of a purchase, sale, reorganization, or other significant change in the business. 

If
the employment agreement of the senior officer is terminated by the (a) Company without just cause, or (b) senior officer for good reason
pursuant to the terms of the employment agreement, at any time within 12 months of a change of control, the Company is required to make
a lump sum severance payment equal to 24 months of base salary. In addition, at such time all Awards shall be deemed to have vested,
and all restrictions and conditions applicable to such Awards shall be deemed to have lapsed and the Awards shall be issued and delivered. 

72 

Employment
Agreements 

The
Company has various employment agreements with certain executives, which provide for compensation and certain other benefits and for
severance payments under certain circumstances. Certain employment agreements also contain clauses that become effective upon a change
of control of the Company, as described above. The Company may be obligated to pay certain amounts to such employees upon the occurrence
of any of the defined events in the various employment agreements. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

On
April 19, 2011, subject to shareholder approval, which was obtained at the Company s annual and special meeting of shareholders
held on December 21, 2012, the Board approved the adoption of the Liberty Silver Corp. Incentive Share Plan (the Plan under which Common Shares of the Company s common stock have been reserved for purposes of possible future issuance of incentive
stock options, non-qualified stock options, and stock grants to employees, directors and certain key individuals. Under the Plan, the
maximum number of Common Shares reserved for issuance shall not exceed 10 of the Common Shares of the Company outstanding from time
to time. The purpose of the Plan shall be to advance the interests of the Company by encouraging equity participation in the Company
through the acquisition of Common Shares of the Company. In order to maintain flexibility in the award of stock benefits, the Plan constitutes
a single plan, but is composed of two parts. The first part is the Share Option Plan which provides grants of both incentive stock options
under Section 422A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and nonqualified stock options. The second part is the Share Bonus
Plan which provides grants of shares of Company common stock. The following is intended to be a summary of some of the material terms
of the Plan, and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety, by the full text of the Plan. 

The
Plan 

The
Plan is a rolling plan, under which the maximum number of Common Shares reserved for issuance under the Share Option Plan, together with
the Share Bonus Plan, shall not exceed 10 of the Common Shares outstanding (on a non-diluted basis) at any given time. The purpose of
the Plan is to advance the interests of the Company by: (i) providing certain employees, senior officers, directors, or consultants of
the Company (collectively, the Optionees with additional performance incentives; (ii) encouraging share ownership by the
Optionees; (iii) increasing the proprietary interest of the Optionees in the success of the Company; (iv) encouraging the Optionees to
remain with the Company; and (v) attracting new employees, officers, directors and consultants to the Company. 

Share
Option Plan 

The
following information is intended to be a brief description and summary of the material features of the Share Option Plan: 

(a) 
 The
 aggregate maximum number of Common Shares available for issuance from treasury under the Share Option Plan, together with the Share
 Bonus Plan, at any given time is 10 of the outstanding Common Shares as at the date of grant of an option under the Plan, subject
 to adjustment or increase of such number pursuant to the terms of the Plan. Any Common Shares subject to an option which has been
 granted under the Share Option Plan and which has been surrendered, terminated, or expired without being exercised, in whole or in
 part, will again be available under the Plan. 

(b) 
 The
 exercise price of an option shall be determined by the Board at the time each option is granted, provided that such price shall not
 be less than the closing price of the Common Shares on the principal stock exchange(s) upon which the Common Shares are listed and
 posted for trading on the trading day immediately preceding the day of the grant of the option. 

(c) 
 Options
 granted to persons conducting Investor Relations Activities (as defined in the Plan) for the Company must vest in stages over twelve
 months with no more than of the options vesting in any three-month period. 

(d) 
 In
 the event an Optionee ceases to be eligible for the grant of options under the Share Option Plan, options previously granted to such
 person will cease to be exercisable within a period of 12 months following the date such person ceases to be eligible under the Plan. 

(e) 
 In
 the event that a take-over bid or issuer bid is made for all or any of the issued and outstanding Shares, then the Board may, by
 resolution, permit all options outstanding to become immediately exercisable in order to permit Common Shares issuable under such
 options to be tendered to such bid. 

73 

Share
Bonus Plan 

The
following information is intended to be a brief description and summary of the material features of the Share Bonus Plan: 

(a) 
 Participants
 in the Share Bonus Plan shall be directors, officers, employees, or consultants of the Company who, by the nature of their positions
 are, in the opinion of the Board and upon the recommendation of the President of the Company, in a position to contribute to the
 success of the Company. 

(b) 
 The
 determination regarding the amount of bonus Common Shares issued pursuant to the Share Bonus Plan will take into consideration the
 Optionee s present and potential contribution to the success of the Company and shall be determined from time to time by the
 Board. However, in no event shall the number of bonus Common Shares pursuant to the Share Bonus Plan, together with the Share Option
 Plan, exceed 10 of the issued and outstanding Common Shares in the aggregate. 

General
Features of the Plan 

In
addition to the above summaries of the Share Option Plan and the Share Bonus Plan, the following is intended to be a brief description
and summary of some of the general features of the Plan: 

(a) 
 The
 aggregate number of Common Shares reserved pursuant to the Plan for issuance to insiders of the Company within any twelve-month period,
 under all security-based compensation arrangements of the Company, shall not exceed 10 of the total number of Common Shares then
 outstanding. 

(b) 
 The
 aggregate number of Common Shares reserved for issuance pursuant to the Plan to any one person in any twelve-month period shall not
 exceed 5 of the total number of Common Shares outstanding from time to time, unless disinterested shareholder approval is obtained
 pursuant to the policies of the Company s principal stock exchange(s) upon which the Common Shares are listed and posted for
 trading or any stock exchange or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the securities of the Company. No more than 2 of
 the outstanding Common Shares may be granted to any one Consultant (as defined in the Plan) in any twelve-month period, or to persons
 conducting Investor Relations Activities (as defined in the Plan) in any twelve-month period. 

RSU
Plan 

On
November 15, 2022, the Board of the Company approved the adoption of the Company s Restricted Stock Unit Incentive Plan (the RSU
Plan under which RSUs of the Company, whereby each RSU represents the right to receive one Common Share, have been reserved for
purposes of possible future issuances of RSUs. The RSU Plan is intended to enhance the Company s ability to attract and retain
highly qualified officers, directors, key employees, consultants and other persons, and to motivate such officers, directors, key employees,
consultants and other persons to serve the Company and to expend maximum effort to improve the business results and earnings of the Company
by providing to such persons an opportunity to acquire or increase a direct proprietary interest in the operations and future success
of the Company. To this end, the RSU Plan provides for the grant of RSUs and any of these awards of RSUs RSU Awards may,
but need not, be made as performance incentives to reward attainment of annual or long-term performance goals of the Company. 

The
following information is intended to be a brief description and summary of the material features of the RSU Plan: 

(a) 
 The
 maximum number of Common Shares available for issuance under the RSU Plan shall be 14,125,808, subject to adjustment or increase
 of such number pursuant to the terms of the RSU Plan. 

(b) 
 The
 number of Common Shares to be issued under the RSU Plan shall not exceed 10 of the total number of the issued and outstanding Common
 Shares. 

(c) 
 In
 the event that an RSU Award is exercised for Common Shares, the Common Shares reserved for issuance in connection with such RSU Award
 will be returned to the pool of available Common Shares authorized for issuance under the RSU Plan and will be available for reservation
 pursuant to a new RSU Award grant. 

(d) 
 RSU
 Awards may be made under the RSU Plan to any employee, director or consultant of the Company, as the Board shall determine and designate
 from time to time. 

(e) 
 RSU
 Awards granted under the RSU Plan may, in the discretion of the Board, be granted either alone or in addition to, in tandem with,
 or in substitution or exchange for, any other RSU Award or any award granted under another plan of the Company. 

(f) 
 At
 the time a grant of RSUs is made, the Board may, in its sole discretion, establish a vesting period applicable to such RSUs, and
 each RSU Award may be subject to a different vesting period. 

DSU
Plan 

On
April 21, 2020, the Board approved the adoption of the Company s Deferred Share Unit Plan (the DSU Plan ), pursuant
to which the Board may grant DSUs to eligible persons under the DSU Plan. Each DSU entitles the grantee to receive on vesting an amount
equal to: (A) the number of vested DSUs elected to be redeemed multiplied by (B) the fair market value of the Common Shares less (C)
any applicable withholdings pursuant to the DSU Plan. The purposes of the DSU Plan are to: (i) align the interests of directors of the
Company with the long term interests of shareholders of the Company; and (ii) allow the Company to attract and retain high quality directors. 

74 

The
following information is intended to be a brief description and summary of the material features of the DSU Plan: 

(a) 
 A
 committee of directors of the Company appointed by the Board to administer the DSU Plan may grant DSUs to any director of the Company
 in its sole discretion. 

(b) 
 Awards
 may be made under the DSU Plan to any director of the Company, as the committee appointed by the Board shall determine and designate
 from time to time. 

(c) 
 Should
 the Common Shares no longer be publicly traded at the relevant time such that the fair market value of the Common Shares cannot be
 determined in accordance with the formula set out in the definition of that term pursuant to the DSU Plan, the fair market value
 of a Common Share shall be determined by the committee appointed by the Board in its sole discretion. 

(d) 
 At
 the time a grant of DSUs is made, the committee appointed by the Board may, in its sole discretion, establish a vesting period applicable
 to such DSUs. 

Director
Compensation 

The
general policy of the Board is that compensation for independent directors should be a fair mix between cash and equity-based compensation.
Additionally, the Company reimburses directors for reasonable expenses incurred during the course of their performance. There are no
long-term incentive or medical reimbursement plans. The Company does not pay directors, who are part of management, for Board service
in addition to their regular employee compensation. The Board determines the amount of director compensation. The board may appoint a
compensation committee to take on this role. 

The
following table provides a summary of compensation paid to directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Director 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive
 Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All
 Other Compensation ) (1) 
 Total ) 
 
 Dickson
 Hall 
 40,000 

40,000 
 
 Mark
 Cruise 
 15,774 

32,594 
 48,368 
 
 Richard
 Williams 
 372,084 

372,084 
 
 Pam
 Saxton 
 36,133 

40,000 
 86,129 
 
 Cassandra
 Joseph 
 36,133 

40,000 
 86,129 

(1) 
 RSUs
 granted to Mark Cruise are calculated using a share price of C 0.20 on the applicable grant date. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Equity
Compensation Plan 

The
following table gives information about the Company s Equity Compensation Plan as of December 31, 2022: 

Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants 
 Weighted
 average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuances under equity compensation plans, excluding securities reflected in column
 (a) 
 
 Plan
 category 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 
 9,320,636 
 0.38 
 13,629,530 

Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 9,320,636 
 0.38 
 13,629,530 

75 

Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding RSUs and DSUs 
 Weighted
 average grant date price of outstanding RSUs and DSUs 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuances under equity compensation plans, excluding securities reflected in column
 (a) 
 
 Plan
 category 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 RSU
 Plan 
 4,822,741 
 0.17 
 9,303,067 

DSU
 Plan 
 0 (1) 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Total 
 4,822,741 
 0.17 
 9,303,067 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions 

There
were no material transactions, or series of similar transactions, during the Company s last fiscal year, or any currently proposed
transactions, or series of similar transactions, to which the Company was or is to be a party, in which the amount involved exceeded
the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of the small business issuer s total assets at year-end for the last three
completed fiscal years and in which any director, executive officer or any security holder who is known to the Company to own of record
or beneficially more than five percent of any class of the Company s common stock, or any member of the immediate family of any
of the foregoing persons, had an interest. 

Director
Independence 

The
Company s common stock is currently traded on the CSE, under the symbol BNKR, and as such, is not subject to the rules of any national
securities exchange which requires that a majority of a listed company s directors and specified committees of its board of directors
meet independence standards prescribed by such rules. For the purpose of preparing the disclosures in this document with respect to director
independence, the Company has used the definition of independent director within the meaning of National Instrument 52-110
 Audit Committees adopted by the Canadian Securities Administration and as set forth in the Marketplace Rules of the NASDAQ,
which defines an independent director generally as being a person, other than an executive officer or employee of the company
or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the
exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

Pam
Saxton, Cassandra Joseph, Mark Cruise and Dickson Hall are currently the only independent directors of the Company. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

Effective
September 2, 2014, the Company appointed the firm of MNP, LLP, Chartered Professional Accountants, as the Company s independent
audit firm. 

MNP,
LLP, Chartered Professional Accountants, 50 Burnhamthorpe Road West, Mississauga, ON L5B 3C2, served as the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and is expected to serve in that capacity for the ensuing
year 2023. Principal accounting fees for professional services rendered for the Company by MNP, LLP for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 are summarized in the following table: 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit 
 92,292 
 107,129 
 
 Audit
 related 
 101,616 
 36,449 
 
 Tax 
 - 
 - 
 
 All
 other 
 95,387 
 12,841 
 
 Total 
 289,295 
 156,419 

Audit
Related Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed by MNP, LLP for assurance and related services that were related to its review of the Company s quarterly
financial statements. 

Tax
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed by MNP, LLP for tax compliance, advice and planning. 

All
Other Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed by MNP, LLP for all other professional services, including services associated with financing activities. 

Audit
Committee s Pre-approval Policies and Procedures 

At
the Company s regularly scheduled and special meetings, the Board, or the Board-appointed audit committee, considers and pre-approves
any audit and non-audit services to be performed by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. The audit committee
has the authority to grant pre-approvals of non-audit services. 

76 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1)(2)
Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule. 

The
financial statements and financial statement schedules identified in Item 8 are filed as part of this report. 

(a)(3)
Exhibits. 

The
exhibits required by this item are set forth on the Exhibit Index below. 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Liberty Silver Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibits 3.8 and 3.9 to the Form S-1 filed on October 27, 2020) 
 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Change dated May 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to the Form S-1 filed on October 27, 2020) 
 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment dated September 11, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.11 to the Form S-1 filed on October 27, 2020) 
 
 3.4 
 Certificate of Amendment dated November 17, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Amendment No. 1 to the Form S-1 filed on December 23, 2022) 
 
 3.5 
 Certificate of Correction dated December 6, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Amendment No. 1 to the Form S-1 filed on December 23, 2022) 
 
 3.6 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Liberty Silver Corp., dated December 21, 2012. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2012) 
 
 4.1 
 Warrant Indenture dated as of August 14, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form S-1 filed on October 27, 2020) 
 
 4.2 
 Form of Warrant Certificate dated February 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 3 to the Form S-1 filed on January 25, 2023) 
 
 4.3 
 Underlying Warrant Indenture between the Company and Capital Transfer Agency dated April 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Form S-1 filed on May 2, 2022) 
 
 10.1 
 Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent for Response Action by Bunker Hill Mining Corp., effective May 15, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on May 21, 2018) 
 
 10.2 
 First Amendment to the Settlement Agreement with EPA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022) 
 
 10.3 
 Purchase Agreement with respect to the Bunker Hill Mine (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022) 
 
 10.4 
 Form of Secured Convertible Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2022) 
 
 10.5 
 Secured Royalty Convertible Debenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2022) 
 
 10.6 
 Asset sale purchase agreement for the Pend Oreille process plant between Silver Valley Metals Corp. (a subsidiary of the Company) and Teck Washington Incorporated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2022) 
 
 10.7 
 Series 2 Convertible Debenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 1 to the Form S-1 filed on December 23, 2022) 
 
 10.8 
 Sprott Loan Facility (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Amendment No. 1 to the Form S-1 filed on December 23, 2022) 
 
 10.9 
 Second Omnibus Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 1 to the Form S-1 filed on December 23, 2022) 
 
 10.10 
 Agency Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2023, by and among Bunker Hill Mining Corp., Echelon Wealth Partners Inc., Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Laurentian Bank Securities Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2023) 
 
 10.11 
 Form of Subscription Agreement for Special Warrant Financing between Bunker Hill Mining Corp. and each Purchaser (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2023) 
 
 10.12 
 Special Warrant Indenture, dated as of March 27, 2023, between Bunker Hill Mining Corp. and Capital Transfer Agency ULC, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2023) 
 
 10.13 
 Warrant Indenture, dated as of March 27, 2023, between Bunker Hill Mining Corp. and Capital Transfer Agency ULC, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2023) 
 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Form 10-KT filed on April 1, 2021) 
 
 23.1 
 Consent of Resource Development Associates Inc. 
 
 23.2 
 Consent of Robert H. Todd 
 
 23.3 
 Consent of Peter Kondos 
 
 31.1 
 Certifications pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 Certifications pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 95.1 
 Mine Safety Disclosure pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 
 96.1 
 S-K 1300 Technical Report Summary, Bunker Hill Mine Pre-Feasibility Study, Coeur d Alene Mining District, Shoshone County, Idaho, USA 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

 Furnished
herewith 

77 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Sam Ash 

Sam
 Ash, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer 

By:
 
 /s/
 David Wiens 

David
 Wiens, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer 

Date: 
 April
 17, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: 
 April
 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Sam Ash 

Name:
 
 Sam
 Ash 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer 

Date: 
 April
 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 David Wiens 

Name: 
 David
 Wiens 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer 

Date: 
 April
 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Richard Williams 

Name: 
 Richard
 Williams 

Title: 
 Executive
 Chairman and Director 

Date: 
 April
 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Dickson Hall 

Name: 
 Dickson
 Hall 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 April
 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Mark Cruise 

Name: 
 Mark Cruise 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 April
 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Cassandra Joseph 

Name: 
 Cassandra
 Joseph 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 April
 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Pamela Saxton 

Name: 
 Pamela
 Saxton 

Title: 
 Director 

78 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF Resource Development Associates Inc. 

In
connection with Bunker Hill Mining Corp. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form
10-K ), the undersigned consents to: 

the
 filing and use of the technical report summary titled S-K 1300 Technical Report Summary,
 Bunker Hill Mine Pre-Feasibility Study, Coeur D Alene Mining District, Shoshone County,
 Idaho, USA (the Technical Report Summary ), dated as of April 14, 2023
 and effective as of August 29, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 10-K or
 any amendment or supplement thereto; 

the
 use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert or qualified
 person (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the Securities
 and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 10-K or any amendment or supplement
 thereto; and 

the
 information derived, summarized, quoted or referenced from the Technical Report Summary,
 or portions thereof, that was prepared by us, that we supervised the preparation of and/or
 that was reviewed and approved by us, that is included or incorporated by reference in the
 Form 10-K or any amendment or supplement thereto. 

We
are qualified persons responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the following sections of the Technical Report Summary: 

Sections
 1 9 

Section
 11 

Sections
 16 17 

Sections
 20 25 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Signed Resource Development Associates Inc. 

Resource
 Development Associates Inc. 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 3
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT
OF Robert H. Todd 

I, Robert H. Todd, in connection
with Bunker Hill Mining Corp. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ),
consent to: 

the filing and use of the technical report summary titled S-K 1300 Technical Report Summary, Bunker
Hill Mine Pre-Feasibility Study, Coeur D Alene Mining District, Shoshone County, Idaho, USA (the Technical Report
Summary ), dated as of April 14, 2023 and effective as of August 29, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 10-K or any
amendment or supplement thereto; 

the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or qualified person 
(as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 10-K
or any amendment or supplement thereto; and 

the information derived, summarized, quoted or referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions
thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was reviewed and approved by me, that is included or
incorporated by reference in the Form 10-K or any amendment or supplement thereto. 

I am a qualified person responsible
for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the following sections of the Technical Report Summary: 

Sections 12 13 

Section 15 

Sections 18 19 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert H. Todd 

Robert H. Todd, P.E. 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-23.3>
 4
 ex23-3.htm

Exhibit 23.3 

CONSENT
OF Peter Kondos 

I,
Peter Kondos, in connection with Bunker Hill Mining Corp. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
(the Form 10-K ), consent to: 

the
 filing and use of the technical report summary titled S-K 1300 Technical Report Summary,
 Bunker Hill Mine Pre-Feasibility Study, Coeur D Alene Mining District, Shoshone County,
 Idaho, USA (the Technical Report Summary ), dated as of April 14, 2023
 and effective as of August 29, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 10-K or
 any amendment or supplement thereto; 

the
 use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or qualified person 
 (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
 Commission), in connection with the Form 10-K or any amendment or supplement thereto; and 

the
 information derived, summarized, quoted or referenced from the Technical Report Summary,
 or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or
 that was reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the
 Form 10-K or any amendment or supplement thereto. 

I
am a qualified person responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the following sections of the Technical Report Summary: 

Section
 10 

Section
 14 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Peter Kondos 

Peter
 Kondos, Ph.D. 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 I,
Sam Ash, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bunker Hill Mining Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report. 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (fourth quarter in
 the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
 affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 April
 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Sam Ash 

Sam
Ash, Chief Executive Officer, President and Principal Executive Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement has been provided to the registrant and will be retained by the registrant to be furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
David Wiens, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bunker Hill Mining Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report. 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (fourth quarter in
 the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
 affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 April
 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 David Wiens 

David
Wiens, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement has been provided to the registrant and will be retained by the registrant to be furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Bunker Hill Mining Corp., (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December
31, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sam Ash, Chief Executive
Officer, President and Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of Bunker Hill Mining Corp. 

/s/
 Sam Ash 
 
 DATE: 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Sam
Ash, Chief Executive Officer and President 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Bunker Hill Mining Corp. and will be retained
by Bunker Hill Mining Corp. to be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Bunker Hill Mining Corp., (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December
31, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David Wiens, Chief Financial
Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of Bunker Hill Mining Corp. 

/s/
David Wiens 
 
 DATE: 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 David
Wiens, Chief Financial Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Bunker Hill Mining Corp. and will be retained
by Bunker Hill Mining Corp. to be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95.1>
 9
 ex95-1.htm

Exhibit
95.1 

MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

Pursuant
to Section 1503(a) of the recently enacted Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ),
issuers that are operators, or that have a subsidiary that is an operator, of a coal or other mine in the United States are required
to disclose in their periodic reports filed with the SEC information regarding specified health and safety violations, orders and citations,
issued under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act by the Mine Safety and Health Administration
(the MSHA ), as well as related assessments and legal actions, and mining-related fatalities. 

The
following table provides information for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Mine 
 
 Mine
 Act 104 Violations (1) 
 
 Mine
 Act 104(b) Orders (2) 
 
 Mine
 Act 104(d) Citations and Orders (3) 
 
 Mine
 Act 110(b)(2) Violations (4) 
 
 Mine
 Act 107(a) Orders (5) 
 
 Proposed
 Assessments from MSHA (In dollars 
 
 Mining
 Related Fatalities 
 
 Mine
 Act 104(e) Notice (yes/no) (6) 
 
 Pending
 Legal Action before Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission (yes/no) 
 
 Bunker
 Hill Mine 
 
 10 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 1,330 
 
 0 
 
 No 
 
 No 

(1) 
 The total number of violations received from MSHA under 104 of the Mine Act, which includes citations for health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to a serious injury if left unabated. 

(2) 
 The total number of orders issued by MSHA under 104(b) of the Mine Act, which represents a failure to abate a citation under 104(a) within the period of time prescribed by MSHA. 

(3) 
 The total number of citations and orders issued by MSHA under 104(d) of the Mine Act for unwarrantable failure to comply with mandatory health or safety standards. 

(4) 
 The total number of flagrant violations issued by MSHA under 110(b)(2) of the Mine Act. 

(5) 
 The total number of orders issued by MSHA under 107(a) of the Mine Act for situations in which MSHA determined an imminent danger existed. 

(6) 
 A written notice from the MSHA regarding a pattern of violations, or a potential to have such pattern under 104(e) of the Mine Act. 

</EX-95.1>

<EX-96.1>
 10
 ex96-1.htm

Exhibit
96.1 

S-K
1300 technical report summary 

bunker
hill mine pre-feasibility study 

COEUR
D ALENE MINING DISTRICT 

SHOSHONE
COUNTY, IDAHO, USA 

signature
DATE april 14, 2023 

EFFECTIVE
DATE: August 29, 2022 

prepared
for bunker hill mining corp. 

prepared
BY 

QUALIFIED
PERSONS: 

Resource
 Development Associates, Inc. 
 10262
 Willowbridge Way 
 Highlands
 Ranch, CO 80126 
 303-717-3672 

Minetech,
 USA, LLC 
 129
 Denali Ln 
 Butte,
 MT 59701 
 775-397-4862 

YaKum
 Consulting Inc. 
 910A
 Logan Ave., Toronto, Ontario M4K 3E4 Canada 
 +1
 (416) 616-9669 

Date
and Signature Page 

This
report is effective as of August 29, 2022 for S-K 1300 purposes: 

Signed
 and Dated April 14, 2023 

(signed/sealed)
 Resource Development Associates Inc. 

(signed/sealed)
 Minetech, USA, LLC 

(signed/sealed)

YaKum
 Consulting Inc. 

Table
of Contents 

Date
 and Signature Page 
 3 

1 
 Summary 
 3 

2 
 Introduction 
 10 

3 
 Property
 Description and Location 
 13 

4 
 Accessibility,
 Climate, Local Resources, Infrastructure and Physiography 
 34 

5 
 History 
 35 

6 
 Geological
 Setting and Mineralization 
 41 

7 
 Exploration 
 59 

8 
 Sample
 Preparation, Analysis and Security 
 65 

9 
 Data
 Verification 
 72 

10 
 Mineral
 Processing and Metallurgical Testing 
 81 

11 
 Mineral
 Resource Estimates 
 97 

12 
 Mineral
 Reserves 
 123 

13 
 Mining
 Methods 
 127 

14 
 Recovery
 Methods 
 145 

15 
 Project
 Infrastructure 
 158 

16 
 Market
 Studies and Contracts 
 166 

17 
 Environmental
 Studies, Permitting and Social or Community IMpact 
 167 

18 
 Capital
 and Operating Costs 
 177 

19 
 Economic
 Analysis 
 181 

20 
 Adjacent
 Properties 
 184 

21 
 Other
 Relevant Data and Information 
 185 

22 
 Interpretations
 and Conclusions 
 186 

23 
 Recommendations 
 187 

24 
 References 
 188 

25 
 reliance
 on information provided by registrant 
 189 

Tables 

Table
 1-1 Bunker Hill Mine Mineral Resource Estimate, (Exclusive of Mineral Reserves), August 29, 2022 Resource Development Associates
 Inc. 
 3 

Table
 1-2 Bunker Hill Mineral Reserves Estimate, August 29, 2022 - Minetech, USA, LLC 
 3 

Table
 1-3 Estimated Bunker Hill Production for Life of Mine 
 4 

Table
 1-4 Economic Sensitivity to Zinc Price, Opex and Capex 
 5 

Table
 1-5 Metallurgical Testing and Approved Metallurgical Data 
 7 

Table
 1-6 Proposed Budget for Project Advancement 
 9 

Table
 2-1 Primary PFS Contributors 
 10 

Table
 2-2 Abbreviations found throughout the report 
 11 

Table
 3-1 Water Treatment Cost Recovery Schedule 
 30 

Table
 5-1 Historical Mine Production by Zone 
 37 

Table
 9-1 Channel Sample Breakdown 
 78 

Table
 9-2 Results of Channel Verification Program 
 78 

Table
 10-1 Historical Production Data for Bunker Hill Mining Concentrator 
 82 

Table
 10-2 Head Analysis of the Master Composite Sample (Including ICP) 
 84 

Table
 10-3 Bond Work Index (BWi) Analyses of the Master Composite Sample 
 85 

Table
 10-4 Open-Cycle Flotation Results (FT14) 
 89 

Table
 10-5 Summary of Locked-Cycle Flotation Test Results (Average of Last 3 Cycles) 
 89 

Table
 10-6 Assay Analysis of LCT Final Flotation Concentrate 
 90 

Table
 10-7 Locked-Cycle Flotation Results (SGS 2022) 
 93 

Table
 10-8 Assay Analysis of LCT Final Flotation Concentrate (Cycle F) 
 94 

Table
 10-9 Tail Weights - Lead and Zinc Weights in the Locked Cycle Flotation Tails 
 96 

Table
 10-10 Expected Net Recoveries and Final Grades in the Flotation Concentrates 1 
 96 

Table
 11-1 Bunker Hill Mine Mineral Resource Estimate Exclusive of Mineral Reserves NSR 70/ton cut off Ag selling price
 of 20/oz (troy), Lead selling price of 1.00/lb, Zn selling price of 1.20/lb. Effective date of August 29, 2022) 
 97 

Table
 11-2 Statistics for 2020-2021 Drill Program. 41 Core holes 
 101 

Table
 11-3 Statistics for pre-2020 Drilling from 220 Core Holes 
 101 

Table
 11-4 Statistics for Production Car Samples (4,059 samples) and 2020 Channel Samples (394 Samples) 
 102 

Table
 11-5 Capped Values for Each Metal 
 112 

Table
 11-6 Composite Database Statistics and Declustering Parameters 
 113 

Table
 11-7 Block Model Construction Details 
 114 

Table
 11-8 Grade Estimation Search Parameters 
 113 

Table
 11-9 Classification Parameters 
 116 

Table
 11-10 Bunker Hill Mine Mineral Resource Estimate Exclusive of Mineral Reserves NSR 70/ton cut off Ag selling price
 of 20/oz (troy), Lead selling price of 1.00/lb, Zn selling price of 1.20/lb. Effective date of August29, 2022 
 119 

Table
 11-11 NSR Cutoff Sensitivity Analysis on Mineral Resources Inclusive of Mineral Reserves 
 120 

Table
 11-12 Metals Price Sensitivity Analysis for Bunker Hill Mineral Resource Estimate Inclusive of Mineral Reserves 
 122 

Table
 12-1 NSR Calculation Assumptions for Cut-Off Value 
 125 

Table
 12-2 NSR Break Even Cut-Off Value 
 126 

Table
 12-3 Bunker Hill Mineral Reserve Estimate, Reference Saleable Mill Concentrates, August 29, 2022 Minetech, USA, LLC 
 126 

Table
 13-1 Dimensions of Existing Underground Excavations Used for Span Analysis 
 132 

Table
 13-2 Summary of UCS Laboratory Results 
 134 

Table
 13-3 Thickener Underflow Bed Consolidation Summary 
 136 

Table
 13-4 Transportable Moisture Limit 
 136 

Table
 13-5 UCS Test Results (UCS in kPa) 
 137 

Table
 13-6 Paste Backfill Plant Annual OPEX 
 138 

Table
 13-7 Bunker Hill and Contractor Labor Requirements 
 138 

Table
 13-8 Bunker Hill and Contractor Equipment Requirements 
 138 

Table
 13-9 Production Schedule 
 139 

Table
 13-10 Capital and Expensed Development Quantities Schedule 
 139 

Table
 13-11 Estimated Ground Support 
 141 

Table
 13-12 Estimated Mine Fan Requirements 
 143 

Table
 13-13 Isometric View of VNET Ventilation Model 5-level to 10-level (Looking Northwest) 
 143 

Table
 14-1 Design Criteria 
 147 

Table
 14-2 Crusher Configuration 
 148 

Table
 14-3 Lead Flotation Circuit Configuration 
 150 

Table
 14-4 Zinc Flotation Circuit Configuration 
 150 

Table
 14-5 Capital Cost Estimation 
 151 

Table
 14-6 Pend Oreille (PO) Equipment List 
 152 

Table
 14-7 New Equipment List 
 153 

Table
 14-8 Cost Estimation of Buildings 
 154 

Table
 14-9 Cost Estimation of Ore Bin and Exterior Works 
 155 

Table
 14-10 Cost Estimation of Crusher Area 
 156 

Table
 14-11 Cost Estimation of Concentrates Storage Area 
 156 

Table
 14-12 Cost of Processing Plant Equipment (1,800 stpd Capacity) 
 157 

Table
 14-13 Major Assumptions for Operating Cost Estimation 
 157 

Table
 14-14 Labor Cost Estimation 
 158 

Table
 14-15 Power Cost Estimation 
 158 

Table
 14-16 Reagent Cost Estimation 
 159 

Table
 14-17 Cost Estimation of Operating Supplies 
 159 

Table
 14-18 Cost Estimation of Maintenance Supplies 
 160 

Table
 15-1 Paste Plant Estimated Equipment CAPEX 
 165 

Table
 15-2 Tailings Thickening Component Direct Cost Detail 
 165 

Table
 15-3 Paste Plant Direct Cost Detail 
 166 

Table
 15-4 Reticulation System Direct Cost Detail 
 166 

Table
 17-1 Bunker Hill Pilot Water Treatment Program Test Scenarios 
 170 

Table
 18-1 Bunker Hill Capital Expenditure Schedule 
 178 

Table
 18-2 LOM and Annual Mine Operating Costs 
 179 

Table
 18-3 General Administrative and Site Indirect Costs 
 179 

Table
 18-4 Mine Operations, Engineering, Geology and Overhead Staffing 
 180 

Table
 18-5 Mill Operations and Overhead Staffing 
 180 

Table
 18-6 Indirect Contract Supervision, Maintenance and Support Staffing 
 172 

Table
 19-1 Bunker Hill Project Economic Summary 
 182 

Table
 19-2 Sensitivity Analysis 
 183 

Table
 20-1 Crescent Silver Project Mineral Resource 
 185 

Table
 20-2 Sunshine Mine Mineral Resource Estimate 
 185 

Table
 23-1 Proposed Phase 1 Work Program to Advance Bunker Hill 
 187 

Figures 

Figure
 3-1 Property Map of Bunker Hill Mine Land Ownership 
 11 

Figure
 6-1 Stratigraphic section of Belt-Purcell Supergroup across northern Idaho and western Montana. Mineral deposits noted in red at
 stratigraphic position of host rocks (from Lyndon, 2007). 
 39 

Figure
 6-2 Geologic map of Shoshone County, clipped and centered on Coeur d Alene Mining District, Bunker Hill Mine highlighted in
 red (IGS 2002). 
 40 

Figure
 6-3- (1 of 2) Diagrammatic sequence of large-scale events in the structural history of CDA District rocks 
 42 

Figure
 6-4 (2 of 2) Diagrammatic sequence of large-scale events in the structural history of CDA District rocks Property Geology 
 44 

Figure
 6-5 Surface geology over Bunker Hill Mine. (White and Juras 1976) 
 45 

Figure
 6-6 Stratigraphic section of Revett formation in Bunker Hill area (White, 1976) 
 47 

Figure
 6-7 Geologic Map of Bunker Hill Mine 17 Level showing quartzite units and exploration drill holes 
 48 

Figure
 6-8 Isometric view of Vulcan 3D model of L-0 through U-5 Quartzite units, looking nearly down-plunge on the Tyler Ridge Flexure axial
 plane, shown as red lines offset by faults. Only Cate fault is shown for simplicity. 
 49 

Figure
 6-9 Diagram of structural preparation of a quartzite bed from folding stresses (Juras and Duff, 2020) 
 50 

Figure
 6-10 Cross-section A-A looking W-NW, not to scale (White and Juras 1976). Darker orange is quartzite bed in Upper Revett Formation. 
 51 

Figure
 6-11 Bunker Hill Mine workings with 3D vein models showing difference between Bluebird and Galena-Quartz Vein systems and location
 of hybrid mineralized zones. 
 53 

Figure
 6-12 Plan view and cross-sectional diagram of formation of mineralized shoot along vein in quartzite unit where rheologic contrast
 between argillite and quartzite causes refraction of vein surface (Juras, 1977) 
 55 

Figure
 7-1 1500 ft thick cross-section along BH #2 Shaft, looking at 106 azm, -12 degrees. Mine levels and shafts are black lines, thin
 dark orange shape between levels on left is 3D model of U-1 quartzite unit of the upper Revett formation, thick orange shape is M-3
 siltite-argillite unit. Shapes built directly from original field mapping. 
 57 

Figure
 7-2 Isometric view of plan section through 3D lithology and Fault Models at BH 9 Level. View is looking 311 azm, -21 dip, with 100 
 window on either side of stratigraphy map at 2405 elevation. 
 58 

Figure
 7-3 Cross-section through Vulcan 3D models along planned drill hole trace showing expected downhole depths of projected geologic
 features. Historic Sierra Nevada Mine levels in black center right. 
 59 

Figure
 7-4 Geophysical Survey Details 
 60 

Figure
 7-5 Geological Map Showing IP Survey Boundary and Major Lithology and Structure 
 60 

Figure
 7-6 Raw Dipole IP Data Over Compilation of Smelterville and Kellogg 1965 USGS Geologic Quadrangle Maps Showing Correlation of IP
 Response and Lithology. Note IP Response to Major Mapped Fault Structures. Distance Scale in Meters, IP Scale in mVs/V. 
 61 

Figure
 7-7 1968 Drill Hole IP Survey of DDH 1050. 251 -255.1 Zone of Scattered to Abundant Dark Sulfide. 
 62 

Figure
 9-1 Rib sample collected from the 082-25-80 sublevel 
 72 

Figure
 9-2 Back Sample collected from the 082-25-80 sublevel 
 72 

Figure
 9-3 Sample locations on the 070-25-07 sublevel using geo-referenced AutoCAD files 
 73 

Figure
 9-4 Sample locations on the 082-25-80 sublevel using geo-referenced AutoCAD files 
 74 

Figure
 9-5 Sample locations on the 084-25-72 sublevel using geo-referenced AutoCAD files 
 75 

Figure
 9-6 Original Assays Compared to Re-assaying of Pulps. 
 78 

Figure
 10-1 Historical Process Plant Block Diagram of the Bunker Hill Mining Concentrator 
 80 

Figure
 10-2 Cleaner Flotation Process Flowsheet (Tests 7-9) 
 85 

Figure
 10-3 Cleaner Flotation Process Flowsheet (Tests 12-13) 
 85 

Figure
 10-4 Locked-Cycle Test Process Flowsheet 
 87 

Figure
 10-5 BHFT 12 Pb Cleaner 3 Concentrate Area Photo Showing Galena (Gn), Pyrite (Py), Sphalerite (Sp) and arsenopyrite (Asp) - 200X
 RL 
 89 

Figure
 10-6 BH LCT Zn Cleaner Concentrate Cyc 6 Area Photo Showing Yellow Sphalerite, Galena (Gn), Pyrite (Py) and Quartz Gangue - 200X
 RL 
 90 

Figure
 10-7 Locked-Cycle Test Process Flowsheet (SGS 2022) 
 91 

Figure
 11-1 Quill, Newgard and UTZ deposits of the Bunker Hill Mine Plan View. 
 96 

Figure
 11-2. Vertical long section through the deposit showing depleted stopes down-dip and mineralized pillars between stopes 
 97 

Figure
 11-3 Interpretation of mineral envelope based on drilling, mining, and sampling of the deposit 
 98 

Figure
 11-4 Oblique View MRE Domains with Production and Channel Samples Zn 
 102 

Figure
 11-5 5-Level UTZ Channel Samples Zn 
 103 

Figure
 11-6 13-Level Quill Production Car Samples Zn 
 104 

Figure
 11-7 Oblique View MRE Domains with 2020-2021 Drilling Zn 
 105 

Figure
 11-8 Section View DDH 7021A 9-Level Newgard Looking SE (115 ). 2020-2021 Drill Holes Zn 
 106 

Figure
 11-9 Section View DDH 7055 5-Level UTZ Looking SE (135 ). 2020-2021 Drill Holes Zn 
 107 

Figure
 11-10 Oblique View MRE Domains with Pre-2020 Drilling Zn 
 108 

Figure
 11-11 Section View DDH 6021 12-Level Quill Looking E (090 ). Pre-2020 Drill Holes Zn 
 109 

Figure
 11-12 CDF Plot for Zn Assays Within the QN Mineral Domain 
 110 

Figure
 11-13 Estimated Zinc Mineralization 
 113 

Figure
 11-14 Resource Classification Distribution of Quill and Newgard 
 115 

Figure
 11-15 Resource Classification for UTZ Model Sections. Section view looking N45E. Measured blocks shown in Red, Indicated blocks shown
 as Teal. 
 116 

Figure
 11-16 Grade vs Tonnage Chart for NSR Cutoff Sensitivity for Bunker Hill Mineral Resources Inclusive of Mineral Reserves 
 119 

Figure
 12-1 Mine Design of Mineral Reserves Plan View 
 121 

Figure
 12-2 Mine Design of Mineral Reserves - Long Section Looking North 
 122 

Figure
 13-1 Long-hole open stoping 
 126 

Figure
 13-2 Cut and fill mining 
 127 

Figure
 13-3 Cell Mapping Location 5-Level UTZ Fingers. Pen For Scale. 
 129 

Figure
 13-4 Development Intersection on the 8-level of the Mine 
 129 

Figure
 13-5 Detail on 5-level McGatlin Stope (With Sections) Used for Span Analysis 
 130 

Figure
 13-6 ISRM Field Strength Index Distribution (in and Core Feet Logged) 
 131 

Figure
 13-7 Flotation Tailings Wet Sieve Particle Size Distribution 
 133 

Figure
 13-8 Static Vane Yield Stress vs. Solids Mass Concentration 
 134 

Figure
 13-9 Planned Mine Development and Production Stopes (with Currently Accessible Mine Drifts) 
 138 

Figure
 13-10 Planned Mine Development and Production Stopes (Cross Section) Showing Historically Mined Areas (Grey) 
 139 

Figure
 13-11 Isometric View of Upper-Level Vent Plan (Looking Northwest) 
 141 

Figure
 14-1 Bunker Hill Process Flowsheet 
 144 

Figure
 14-2 General View of Crusher Area 
 147 

Figure
 15-1 Kellogg Office Complex and Kellogg Tunnel Portal 
 158 

Figure
 15-2 Bunker Hill Site Layout 
 159 

Figure
 15-3 Paste Plant PFD 
 162 

Figure
 15-4 Paste Plant Tailings to Paste Fill Mass Balance Tables 
 163 

Figure
 17-1 Pilot Water Treatment Plant Process Flow Diagram 
 167 

Figure
 20-1 Properties adjacent to Bunker Hill 
 182 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 1 

TABLE
 OF ABBREVIATIONS 
 
 Term 
 
 Description 
 
 Ag 
 
 Silver 
 
 AGP 
 
 Acid
 Generating Potential 
 
 AIPG 
 
 American
 Institute of Professional Geologists 
 
 AISC 
 
 All-in
 Sustaining Costs 
 
 AMD 
 
 Acid
 Mine Drainage 
 
 Au 
 
 Gold 
 
 BHMC 
 
 Bunker
 Hill Mining Corp. 
 
 BLP 
 
 Bunker
 Hill Limited Partnership 
 
 CAPEX 
 
 Capital
 Expenditure 
 
 CERCLA 
 
 Comprehensive
 Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act or United States Superfund 
 
 cfm 
 
 Cubic
 Feet per Minute 
 
 CIA 
 
 Central
 Impoundment Area 
 
 CIM 
 
 Canadian
 Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum 
 
 CPG 
 
 Certified
 Professional Geologist 
 
 CTP 
 
 Central
 Treatment Plant 
 
 Cu 
 
 Copper 
 
 CWA 
 
 Clean
 Water Act 
 
 DOJ 
 
 US
 Department of Justice 
 
 EBIDTA 
 
 Earnings
 before Income Tax, Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 EHC 
 
 Environmental
 Health Code 
 
 EPA 
 
 Environmental
 Protection Agency 
 
 EPCRA 
 
 Emergency
 Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act 
 
 ESHIA 
 
 Environmental,
 Social and Health Impact Assessment 
 
 GRI 
 
 Global
 Reporting Initiative 
 
 ICOLD 
 
 International
 Commission on Large Dams 
 
 ICP 
 
 Inductively
 Coupled Plasma 
 
 IDEQ 
 
 Idaho
 Department of Environmental Quality 
 
 IDL 
 
 Idaho
 Department of Lands 
 
 IDWR 
 
 Idaho
 Department of Water Resources 
 
 IPDES 
 
 Idaho
 Pollutant Discharge Elimination System 
 
 k 
 
 Thousand
 (x000) 
 
 kt 
 
 Kilo
 tons 
 
 LHOS 
 
 Long-hole
 Open Stoping 
 
 LOM 
 
 Life
 of Mine 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 2 

TABLE
 OF ABBREVIATIONS 
 
 Term 
 
 Description 
 
 MIBC 
 
 Methyl Isobutyl Carbinol 
 
 NEPA 
 
 National Environmental Policy
 Act 
 
 NPDES 
 
 National Pollutant Discharge
 Elimination System 
 
 NSR 
 
 Net Smelter Return 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Operating Expenditure 
 
 Pb 
 
 Lead 
 
 PEA 
 
 Preliminary Economic Assessment 
 
 PFS 
 
 Pre-Feasibility Study 
 
 PMC 
 
 Placer Mining Corporation 
 
 Property 
 
 Bunker Hill Mine 
 
 QA/QC 
 
 Quality Assurance/Quality
 Control 
 
 QP(s) 
 
 Qualified Person(s) 
 
 RC or RVC 
 
 Reverse Circulation 
 
 RDA 
 
 Resource Development Associates 
 
 Rdi 
 
 Resource Development Inc 
 
 ROD 
 
 Record of Decision 
 
 RQD 
 
 Rock Quality Designation 
 
 SME 
 
 Society for Mining, Metallurgy
 and Exploration 
 
 SVMC 
 
 Silver Valley Mining Corporation 
 
 t 
 
 Short Ton 
 
 Tonne 
 
 Metric Tonne 
 
 tpd 
 
 Short Tons per Day 
 
 UAO 
 
 Unilateral Administrative
 Order 
 
 USGS 
 
 United States Geological Survey 
 
 Zn 
 
 Zinc 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 3 

1 
 Summary 

This
report entitled S-K 1300 Technical Report Summary, Bunker Hill Mine Pre-Feasibility Study, Coeur D Alene Mining District,
Shoshone County, Idaho, USA , (the TRS ), describes the mining and processing operations at the Bunker Hill Mine Bunker or Bunker Hill or the Project or the Property located near the town
of Kellogg Idaho for Bunker Hill Mining Corp. BHMC or the Company ). This report considers a processing approach
at Bunker where Pb, Ag and Zn mineralization is mined underground. Mineralized material will be conventionally milled and then concentrated
by flotation of lead and silver (Pb/Ag) followed by flotation of zinc (Zn). Metal rich concentrates will then be sold to smelters in
North America or overseas. Mill tailings will be deposited underground in the historic mining voids located throughout the Project. 

Table
1-1 lists the Mineral Resource Estimate, exclusive of reserves, for Bunker. Mineral Resources are classified according to 229.1302(d)(1)(iii)(A)
(Item 1302(d)(1)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K). Mineral Resources are geologically constrained and defined at economic cutoff grades that
demonstrate reasonable prospects of eventual economic extraction. Mineral resources are not mineral reserves and do not meet the threshold
for reserve modifying factors, such as economic viability, that would allow for conversion to mineral reserves. There is no certainty
that any part of the mineral resources estimated will be converted to mineral reserves. 

1.1 
 Resource
 Estimates 

Industry
accepted grade estimation techniques were used to develop global mineralization block models for the Newgard, Quill and UTZ zones. Table
1-1 summarizes the Bunker Hill Mineral Resource Estimate, exclusive of Mineral Reserves, classified in accordance with 229.1302(d)(1)(iii)(A)
(Item 1302(d)(1)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K) for the Project. Reasonable prospects of eventual economic extraction assume underground
mining, mill processing and flotation of Pb and Zn concentrates. Mineral resource estimates are reported at an NSR cutoff of 70 per
ton. 

Net
smelter return (NSR) is defined as the return from sales of concentrates, expressed in US /t, i.e.: NSR = (Contained metal) (Metallurgical
recoveries) (Metal Payability (Metal prices) (Treatment, refining, transport and other selling costs). NSR values are
estimated using updated using metallurgical recoveries of 85.1 , 84.2 and 88.2 for Zn, Ag and Pb respectively, and concentrate grades
of 58 Zn in zinc concentrate, and 67 Pb and 12.13 oz/ton Ag in lead concentrate. 

Mineral
Resources are not Mineral Reserves and do not have demonstrated economic viability. There is no certainty that all or any part of the
Mineral Resources will be converted to Mineral Reserves. Mineral Resources are reported exclusive of Mineral Reserves. The Mineral Reserves
described in this report represent Mineral Resources that were evaluated with modifying factors related to underground mining. Numbers
in Table 1 1 have been rounded to reflect the accuracy of the estimate and may not sum due to rounding. 

Table
1-1 Bunker Hill Mine Mineral Resource Estimate, (Exclusive of Mineral Reserves), August 29, 2022 Resource Development Associates
Inc. 

Numbers
in the table have been rounded to reflect the accuracy of the estimate and may not sum up due to rounding. Mineral resources are reported
excusive of mineral reserves. The reserves disclosed in the report represent measured mineral resources and indicated resources that
were evaluated with modifying factors related to underground mining. 

1.2 
 Mineral
 Reserve Estimate 

Mineral
Reserves were classified in accordance with 229.1302(e)(2) (Item 1302(e)(2) of Regulation S-K). Mineral Reserves are estimated
at an NSR value cutoff of 80/short ton at the reference point of salable mill concentrates with an effective date of August 29, 2022. 

Table
1 2 Bunker Hill Mineral Reserves Estimate, August 29, 2022 - Minetech, USA, LLC 

(1)
Plan Dilution is zero grade waste included in the designed stope shapes and probable tonnages. 

 (2)
Unplanned dilution is 5 external dilution added at zero grade. 

 (3)
Mineral Reserves stated are inclusive of all above mentioned dilutions and are factored for ore loss due to mining activities. 

 (4)
Net smelter return (NSR) is defined as the return from sales of concentrates, expressed in US /t, i.e.: NSR = (Contained metal) (Metallurgical
recoveries) (Metal Payability (Metal prices) (Treatment, refining, transport and other selling costs). For the Mineral
Reserve Estimate, NSR values were calculated using updated open-cycle metallurgical results including recoveries of 85.1 , 84.2 and
88.2 for Zn, Ag and Pb respectively, and concentrate grades of 58 Zn in zinc concentrate, and 67 Pb and 12.13 oz/ton Ag in lead concentrate. 

 (5)
Mineral Reserves are estimated using a zinc price of 1.20 per pound, silver price of 20.00 per ounce, and lead price of 1.00 per pound. 

 (6)
Historic mining voids, stopes and development drifting have been depleted from the Mineral Reserve Estimate. 

 (7)
Totals may not add up due to rounding. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 4 

1.3 
 PROJECT ECONOMICS 

A
summary of the Pre-Feasibility level projected financial performance for the Project is listed in Table 1-2. Sensitivities are summarized
in Table 1-3. 

Table
1-3 Estimated Bunker Hill Production for Life of Mine 

Table
1-2 includes zinc produced from zinc concentrate, lead and silver produced from lead concentrate. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 5 

Life
of mine LOM includes initial capital expenditures. 

Note:
Cash Cost includes mining, processing, G A, smelter charges and freight. Mine plan was designed on a net smelter return (NSR) value
of 80 /t). NSR was calculated by the formula: (Contained metal) (Metallurgical recoveries) (Metal Payability (Metal prices)
 (Treatment, refining, transport and other selling costs). Mineralized portions of the mine plan external to the Quill, Newgard
and UTZ zones were calculated using a zinc equivalent cut off of 5 calculated using the formula: Zn price /lb) + (Pb grade ) (Zn
price /lb) / (Pb price /lb) + (Ag grade (oz/t) (Zn price /lb) / (ag price /toz) (toz/1lb)). 

The
economic analysis is based on an 1,800 stpd mine plan utilizing cut-and-fill and long hole open stoping with backfill. Metal recoveries
are based on current metallurgical test work and historical mill operational data. Silver will be recovered in the lead concentrate and
any silver reporting to the zinc concentrate is considered non-payable. This is consistent with typical smelter treatment charges and
agreements. Projected metal prices of 1.20/lb zinc, 1.00/lb lead and 20.00/t-oz silver were used to calculate revenues for the full
life of mine. Escalation was not applied to operating or capital costs other than a slight operating cost increase later in the mine
life to reflect operating from the deeper-mine levels. 

An
initial capital investment of 55 million (including variable contingency) is required to restart the mine. Bunker Hill is projected
to generate approximately 25 million of annual average free cash flow over an initial 5-year mine life based on the current Probable
reserves. It will produce over 316 million pounds of zinc, 146 million pounds of lead, and 3 million ounces of silver at an all-in sustaining
cost AISC of 0.77 per payable pound of zinc (net of by-products). 

The
project is expected to generate pre-tax free cash flow of 94 million over its 5-year mine life and 86 million on an after-tax basis.
The Company s goal is to significantly increase the free cash flow by multiple optimization work streams including mill and process
throughput and recovery, resource expansion and exploration. 

Table
1-4 Economic Sensitivity to Zinc Price, Opex and Capex 

On
January 25, 2022, BHMC signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Teck Resources Limited (Teck) for the purchase of the Pend Oreille
(PO) process plant. The final Asset Sale and Purchase Agreement was signed on March 30, 2022 for the purchase of the PO mill and process
plant for a Purchase Price of 10,416,667 units of unregistered securities of Bunker at a unit price of 0.30 CAD. 

1.4 
 Property
 Descriptions and Ownership 

Bunker
Hill Mine is located in the cities of Kellogg and Wardner of Shoshone County, Idaho. The mine is 100 owned by Silver Valley Metals Corporation SVMC ), a wholly owned subsidiary of BHMC. Bunker was purchased from Placer Mining Corporation PMC on January
7, 2022. The Property consists of four surface parcels, 34 platted parcels with surface rights and 108 mineral parcels without surface
rights all together encompassing a total of over 5,802 acres. Surface rights to the mineral parcels lies entirely with private owners,
primarily timber harvesting companies. The property is traversed by numerous roads, both maintained and non-maintained, used for timber
harvesting. Both portals of the mine (Kellogg Tunnel and the Russell Tunnel in Wardner) are accessible by maintained roadways. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 6 

1.5 
 Geology
 and Mineralization 

The
Northern Idaho Panhandle Region in which the Bunker Hill Property is located is underlain by the Middle Proterozoic-aged Belt-Purcell
Supergroup of fine-grained, dominantly siliciclastic sedimentary rocks which extends from western Montana (locally named the Belt Supergroup)
to southern British Columbia (Locally named the Purcell Supergroup) and is collectively over 23,000 feet in total stratigraphic thickness. 

Mineralization
at the Bunker Hill Mine is hosted almost exclusively in the Upper Revett formation of the Ravalli Group, a part of the Belt Supergroup
of Middle Proterozoic-aged, fine-grained sediments. Geologic mapping and interpretation progressed by leaps and bounds following the
recognition of a predictable stratigraphic section at the Bunker Hill Mine and enabled the measurement of specific offsets across major
faults, discussed in the following section. From an exploration and mining perspective, there were two critical conclusions from this
research: all significant mineralized shoots are hosted in quartzite units where they are cut by vein structures, and the location of
the quartzite units can be projected up and down section, and across fault offsets, to target extensions and offsets of known mineralized
shoots and veins. 

Mineralization
at Bunker Hill falls in four categories, described below from oldest to youngest events: 

Bluebird
Veins (BB): W NW striking, SW-dipping, variable ratio of sphalerite-pyrite-siderite mineralization. Thick, tabular cores with
gradational margins bleeding out along bedding and fractures. 

Stringer/Disseminated
Zones: Disseminated, fracture controlled and bedding controlled blebs and stringer mineralization associated with Bluebird Structures,
commonly as halos to vein-like bodies or as isolated areas where brecciated quartzite beds are intersected by the W-NW structure and
fold fabrics. 

Galena-Quartz
Veins (GQ): E to NE striking, S to SE dipping, quartz-argentiferous galena +/- siderite-sphalerite-chalcopyrite-tetrahedrite veins,
sinuous-planar with sharp margins, cross-cut Bluebird Veins. 

Hybrid
Zones: Formed at intersections where GQ veins cut BB veins, with open space deposition of sulfides and quartz in the vein refraction
in quartzite beds, and replacement of siderite in the BB vein structure by argentiferous galena from the GQ Vein. 

1.6 
 EnvironmentaL
 Studies and Permitting 

Because
the mine is on patented mining claims (privately-owned land), only a limited number of permits are required for mining and milling operations.
These relate to: (1) air quality and emissions from crushing, milling and processing, (2) any refurbishment of surface buildings that
may require construction permits and (3) deposition of waste and/or tailings on surface, if such a deposition were to occur. All surface
crushing and milling operations are planned to occur at the Kellogg side of mining operations. The surface parcels containing the crushing
and processing facilities are zoned M-1 for light-industrial use under section 11-4-3 of the Kellogg City Code. All surface facilities
are planned as enclosed buildings. 

The
Bunker Hill Mine is located within the Bunker Hill Superfund site (EPA National Priorities Listing IDD048340921). Cleanup activities
have been completed in Operable Unit 2 of the Bunker Hill Superfund Site where the mine is located though water treatment continues at
the Central Treatment Plant (CTP) located near Bunker Hill Mine. The CTP is owned by US EPA and is operated by its contractors. 

BHMC
entered into a Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent with the US Environmental Protection Agency US EPA and the US
Department of Justice DOJ on May 14, 2018. Section 9, Paragraph 33 of that agreement stipulates that BHMC must obtain
a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System NPDES permit for effluent discharged by Bunker Hill Mine by May 14,
2023. This obligation exists and the deadline will occur at a point in time where restart activities are planned to occur. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 7 

BHMC
will initiate a voluntary Environmental, Social and Health Impact Assessment ESHIA for the activities described in this
report and for its business model as a whole. This study is projected for completion in 2024 and will conform to ISO, IFC and GRI standards. 

1.7 
 Mineral
 Processing 

Lead,
silver, and zinc production from Bunker began in 1887, lasted 95 years, and included a zinc refinery beginning in 1927. The mine was
the largest producer in the Coeur d Alene Mining District, with a total historical production of 35 M tons (31.75 M tonnes) of
mineralization grading 8.76 lead, 3.67 zinc, and 5.49 oz/ton (188.2 g/t) silver. The Bunker Hill Concentrator ran as a differential
flotation circuit producing both a lead and zinc concentrate product. Average grades of the concentrate products ran +/-64 Pb, 40 OPT
Ag and 5 Zn for the lead concentrate and +/-55 Zn, 3 OPT Ag, and 1 Pb for the zinc concentrate. 

In
Q3 of 2021 BHMC initiated a metallurgical testing program with Resource Development Inc (RDi). Additional metallurgical studies were
undertaken by SGS Canada Inc at Lakefield beginning in Q2 2022 to confirm and expand on the results from the RDi program. Bunker retained
the services of YaKum Consulting Inc to oversee the metallurgical and process studies in 2022. Approximately 500kg of material was sent
for testing from two panel samples taken from the UTZ portion of the MRE combined into one master composite. The main objectives of the
program were to establish a process flowsheet for differential flotation of lead and zinc, as well as simulate plant operations with
locked cycle flotation testing to characterize final concentrates for marketing purposes. Details of the program and final accepted values
are as follows: 

Head
 grade assay: 49.7 g/mt Ag, 4.10 Pb, 6.42 Zn 

Work
 indices: BWi 13.47 kWh/st and Ai 0.6137 indicating medium hardness and very abrasive. 

Table
1-5 Metallurgical Testing and Approved Metallurgical Data 

1.8 
 Mining
 Methods and mine engineering 

Long-hole
stoping with fill (LHOS), cut-and-fill (CF) and possibly room-and-pillar mining with fill are the only methods viable for sustained operations
at the Bunker Hill Mine today. The current mine plan utilized both LHOS for the Quill-Newgard portion of the MRE and CF for the UTZ portion.
LHOS are driven transverse to overall trend of mineralization with overall stope dimensions of 20 ft wide by 50 ft high, accessed by
both a top and bottom lateral drift. Internal mine development is planned for 100 rubber-tire vehicle access. A central mine ramp will
provide access to various sublevels for mining activities. Mineralized material will be brought out of the mine at the 5-level and subsequently
transported overland to the crushing and process facility at the 9-level Kellogg yard. 

Waste
development muck will be transported to internal, underground void spaces, or brought to surface for crushing and use as industrial base
on the mine property. Upon the completion of mining, open stopes will be filled with an engineered hydraulic (paste) backfill. The paste
backfill plant will have the tailings thickening and filtration equipment located in the Kellogg yard, adjacent to the mill/process building.
The paste mixing and pumping station will be located at the mine yard at Wardner. Filtered tailings cake material from the filtration
plant will be backhauled up to the paste mixing and pumping station at Wardner from Kellogg on the return trip by the surface ore haul
trucks. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 8 

Mine
design and Mineral Reserve estimates have been completed to a level appropriate for pre-feasibility studies. The Mineral Reserve estimate
stated herein is in accordance with 229.1302(e)(2) (Item 1302(e)(2) of Regulation S-K). As such, the Mineral Reserves are based
on the conversion of Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources. 

Mine
designs were created in Maptek Vulcan TM software to define access and mining of the stope shapes defined by the Stope Optimizer
module within Vulcan TM . The defined stope shapes and development excavations were scheduled to produce the basis for this
economic analysis. 

1.9 
 Recovery
 Methods 

Historical
and on-going current test work shows that the investigated sequential flotation process can produce marketable-grade Pb/Ag and Zn concentrates.
Mineral processing and recovery operations will be performed on surface at the Kellogg mine yard. New construction on surface will house
the primary grinding and flotation circuits, secondary crushing and final concentrate storage. ROM material will initially be delivered
to the surface stockpile via overland haulage from the Wardner mine access. A flow sheet was developed from locked cycle flotation testing.
ROM material is delivered to the Kellogg yard stockpile from overland haulage out of the mine at the Wardner portal. Two stages of primary
crushing will reduce ROM material to 0.5 through two cone crushers. Material will then be screened and sent to the fine ore bin.
The fine ore bin will feed two ball mills for primary grinding down to ~75 micron. Flotation begins with a lead rougher, the overflow
of which is separated through a cyclone and coarse fraction sent to a re-grind circuit before joining the undersized overflow though
three stages of cleaning. Underflow from the lead rougher is sent to a zinc rougher circuit and on to three stages of cleaner cells.
The differential flotation circuit will produce both a lead and silver concentrate, as well as a zinc concentrate. Tailings material
will be sent to a thickener and from there on to a filtration plant for use in the paste backfill system. 

Concentrates
will be stored in a building at the Kellogg yard for transportation to the smelter. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 9 

1.10 
 Current
 Exploration and Development 

BHMC
has a rare exploration opportunity available at the Mine and has embarked on a new path to fully maximize the potential. A treasure trove
of geologic and production data representing 70+ years of mine operations has been organized and preserved in good condition in the mine
office since the shutdown in the early 1980s. 

From
this the company was able to build a 3D digital model of the mine workings and 3D surfaces and solids of important geologic features.
To add to this, historic drill core lithology logs and assay data (>2900 holes) were entered into a database and imported with the
other data into Maptek Vulcan 3D software. 

Continued
exploration drilling from both surface and underground over a 2-year period worked to further develop extensions of previously mined
structures as well as identify mineralized zones previously unknown to mine operators. 

During
the summer of 2021, BHMC conducted a 3DIP surface geophysical survey over the southwestern portion of the land package with the goal
of identifying future areas of interest outside of the historically worked mining footprint. Response characteristics of mineralized
material were inferenced from previous geophysical investigations performed at Bunker Hill and used to guide target assessment on the
2021 program. Additional review from 3 rd party groups is required for detailed analysis of the program results. 

1.11 
 Conclusions 

Mineral
Reserves are sufficient to warrant the proposed 1,800 stpd underground mine utilizing LHOS and CF mining methods and conventional mining
equipment. Mineral processing will take place utilizing a primary and secondary stage of crushing, primary and secondary stage of grinding
and differential flotation circuits to produce both lead/silver and zinc concentrate products. Generalized infrastructure arrangements
were used to develop the capital and operational costs associated with their respective activities. Mining and development costs were
developed from first-principals engineering, along with vendor and contractor quotations where possible. 

Pre-Feasibility
level analyses demonstrate that the project has strong economic viability at the estimated metal prices and costs. Risk analyses demonstrate
economic favorability at both decreased metal prices and increased costs as outlined in the sensitivities analysis of this report. 

1.12 
 Recommendations 

Continued
analysis and interpretation of the geophysical survey results should aid to guide future exploration activities outside of historical
mine working areas. Additional exploration drilling with the advancement of underground mine development is also advised due to the proximity
of future development to under-explored areas of historical workings. Continued digitization and interpretation of historical mapping
and research will aid to guide future underground and surface exploration activities. 

Completion
of issued for construction (IFC) level drawings for the mineral processing facilities is recommended. 

Completion
of IFC level engineering drawings related to the paste backfill plant are recommended. Final tails product material generated from additional
metallurgical testing will work to optimize binder compositions and have the potential to reduce backfill OPEX costs. 

Additional
geotechnical studies are recommended with the advancement of underground development. Continued geotechnical diamond drilling associated
with future resource delineation and exploration drilling activities will provide a better sample set for rock strength testing and geotechnical
logging. Future underground development will also allow for the investigation of previously mined areas and association of historical
span allowances based on previous ground support methods. 

Additional
resource delineation and conversion drilling and mine block modeling should continue to increase the conversion of Inferred to Indicated
Resources. 

Table
1-7 Proposed Budget for Project Advancement 

Activity 
 Amount 
 
 Geophysical
 Interpretation and Additional Geophysics 
 0.05 M 
 
 Environmental
 Studies 
 0.03 M 
 
 Geotechnical
 Studies 
 0.15 M 
 
 Mill
 and Process Plant Engineering 
 1.70 M 
 
 Hydraulic
 Backfill and Tailing Placement Engineering 
 0.50 M 
 
 Total
 Recommended Budget 
 2.43 M 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 10 

2 
 Introduction 

2.1 
 overview 

BHMC,
at the request of Mr. Sam Ash, President and CEO of BHMC, a public company trading on the Canadian Securities Exchange (CSE: BNKR) with
its corporate office at 82 Richmond Street East, Toronto, Ontario M5C 1P1, retained Resource Development Associates Inc. RDA to complete an independent S-K 1300 Technical Report Summary on the Bunker Hill Property located in the Coeur D Alene Mining District,
Shoshone County, Idaho. This report presents a summary of the results of the pre-feasibility study for the development of underground
mining, milling and concentration of silver, lead and zinc at the Bunker Hill Mine, Coeur D Alene mining district, Shoshone County,
Idaho, USA. This report has been prepared in accordance with 229.1300 229.1305 (subpart 229.1300 of Regulation S-K). 

This
report was prepared and compiled by Resource Development Associates Inc. RDA , YaKum Consulting Inc and Minetech, USA, LLC
to perform engineering and design services for the Bunker Hill mine (the Bunker Hill Mine , Bunker Hill , or
 Mine ). BHMC has reported Measured, Indicated and Inferred Mineral Resource estimates for the Project since September 29,
2020. RDA, Yakum Consulting and Minetech have supervised the preparation of this report and take responsibility for the contents of this
TRS as detailed in the below Table. 

Table
2-1 Primary PFS Contributors 

BHMC
has acquired the rights to title and purchased the Property from the previous owners, PMC. The Bunker Hill Mine is a well-developed underground
mining operation that ceased production in 1991. At cessation of mining, the Project contained mineralization that had been developed
but not exploited. BHMC is implementing a plan to bring this brownfields project back into production as a competitive mining operation
in the Coeur d Alene Mining District. 

The
Project is located adjacent to the town of Kellogg Idaho. Mineralization at the Project is related to a large deposit of anomalous lead,
zinc and silver mineralization. Silver, lead and zinc were discovered at the Project in 1885. Production records kept annually from 1887
through 1991 show that the mine produced 35.78 million tons of mineralized material with head grades averaging 4.52 opt Ag, 8.76 Pb
and 3.67 Zn, containing 161.72 million ounces of Ag, 3.13 million tons of Pb and 1.31 million tons of Zn. 

The
QPs have worked closely with the Company to follow best practice guidelines with respect to the implementation and execution of the collection
of scientific data for the Property. 

2.2 
 Qualifications 

RDA
is independent of BHMC. RDA employees and associates are considered Qualified Persons (QPs) by virtue of their education, experience
and memberships in good standing with professional associations. RDA has conducted several site visits of the Property with the most
recent visit on September 22, 2021. The most recent site visit was to review the progress on RDA recommended drilling and channel sampling
programs. These drilling and sampling campaigns were required by RDA in order to estimate Mineral Resources for the Project. 

Minetech,
USA, LLC is independent of BHMC. Minetech, USA, LLC employees and associates are considered Qualified Persons (QPs) by virtue of their
education, experience and memberships in good standing with professional associations. Minetech, USA, LLC has conducted several site
visits of the Property with the most recent visit September 2022. An August 8-12, 2022 site visit was spent on finalizing operating and
capital estimates for the decline excavations, operating levels and review other aspects of the mine plan with the project team. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 11 

YaKum
Consulting Inc. is independent of BHMC. YaKum Consulting Inc. employees and associates are considered Qualified Persons (QPs) by virtue
of their education, experience and memberships in good standing with professional associations. YaKum Consulting Inc. has not conducted
a site visit to the Property as responsibility for his respective sections required supervision of laboratory work and analysis only.
Mr. Kondos has made visits to the Metallurgical Laboratory throughout the testing program detailed in this report. 

2.3 
 CURRENCY
 and units of measure 

All
dollar amounts in this document are United States Dollars (USD, unless otherwise noted. 

All
ounce units are reported in troy ounces (oz, toz, troy) unless otherwise noted. 

All
metals prices in this document are in United States Dollars (USD, unless otherwise noted. 

All
ore tonnage, production figures and tonnages reported in financial modeling are in short tons (t) unless noted. 

2.4 
 Sources
 of Information 

This
report is based, in part, on internal company documentation, and maps, published government reports, company letters, memoranda, public
disclosure and public information as listed in the References at the conclusion of this report. This report is supplemented by published
and available reports provided by the United States Geological Survey USGS ), the Idaho Geological Survey, United States
Bureau of Land Management and the United States Public Land Survey. Bunker Hill has purchased a majority of the mill and process equipment
and several pieces of underground equipment. Budgetary capital equipment quotes were solicited for other outstanding pieces of major
equipment. Mine supplies and material costs are from current delivered costs for mining activities or recent vendor quotations. Labor
costs are those currently charged by the operator for work in support of mine maintenance, driving of the Newgard ramp and drilling contractor
support. YaKum Consulting Inc was responsible for the processing and metallurgical testing. Patterson Cooke North America provided
the tailings and backfill engineering and capital estimates; Barr Engineering provided the milling and process design, capital and operating
costs in conjunction with Bunker Hills management team. Tax analysis was performed by Mining Tax Plan, LLC in Colorado. Golder and Associates
USA, Inc. toured the property and provided preliminary geotechnical opinions. The reports and documents listed in sections 24 and 25
of this report were used in support of preparation of this report. Selections from reports authored by other consultants may also have
been used, quoted or summarized and are delineated where applicable. 

2.5 
 DECLARATION 

As
of the effective date of this report, the Consulting firms are not aware of any known litigation potentially affecting the Bunker Hill
Mine. The consulting forms did not verify the legality or terms of any underlying agreement(s) that may exist concerning the permits,
royalties or other agreement(s) between third parties. 

The
results of this report are not dependent upon nay prior agreements concerning the conclusions to be reached, nor are there any undisclosed
understandings concerning any future business dealings between BHMC and the consulting firms. The consulting firms are being paid a fee
for their work in accordance with the normal professional consulting practice. 

The
opinions contained herein are based on information collected throughout the course of the investigations by the consulting firms, which
in turn reflect various technical and economic conditions at the time of writing. Given the nature of the mining business, these conditions
can change significantly over relatively short periods of time. Consequently, actual results can be significantly more or less favorable. 

Table
2-2 Abbreviations found throughout the report 

Term 
 
 Description 
 
 Ag 
 
 Silver 
 
 AGP 
 
 Acid
 Generating Potential 
 
 AIPG 
 
 American
 Institute of Professional Geologists 
 
 AISC 
 
 All-in
 Sustaining Costs 
 
 AMD 
 
 Acid
 Mine Drainage 
 
 Au 
 
 Gold 
 
 BHMC 
 
 Bunker
 Hill Mining Corp. 
 
 BLP 
 
 Bunker
 Hill Limited Partnership 
 
 CAPEX 
 
 Capital
 Expenditure 
 
 CERCLA 
 
 Comprehensive
 Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act or United States Superfund 
 
 cfm 
 
 Cubic
 Feet per Minute 
 
 CIA 
 
 Central
 Impoundment Area 
 
 CIM 
 
 Canadian
 Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 12 

Term 
 
 Description 
 
 CPG 
 
 Certified
 Professional Geologist 
 
 CTP 
 
 Central
 Treatment Plant 
 
 Cu 
 
 Copper 
 
 CWA 
 
 Clean
 Water Act 
 
 DOJ 
 
 US
 Department of Justice 
 
 EBIDTA 
 
 Earnings
 before Income Tax, Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 EHC 
 
 Environmental
 Health Code 
 
 EPA 
 
 Environmental
 Protection Agency 
 
 EPCRA 
 
 Emergency
 Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act 
 
 ESHIA 
 
 Environmental,
 Social and Health Impact Assessment 
 
 GRI 
 
 Global
 Reporting Initiative 
 
 ICOLD 
 
 International
 Commission on Large Dams 
 
 ICP 
 
 Inductively
 Coupled Plasma 
 
 IDEQ 
 
 Idaho
 Department of Environmental Quality 
 
 IDL 
 
 Idaho
 Department of Lands 
 
 IDWR 
 
 Idaho
 Department of Water Resources 
 
 IPDES 
 
 Idaho
 Pollutant Discharge Elimination System 
 
 k 
 
 Thousand
 (x000) 
 
 kt 
 
 Kilo
 tons 
 
 LHOS 
 
 Long-hole
 Open Stoping 
 
 LOM 
 
 Life
 of Mine 
 
 MIBC 
 
 Methyl
 Isobutyl Carbinol 
 
 NEPA 
 
 National
 Environmental Policy Act 
 
 NPDES 
 
 National
 Pollutant Discharge Elimination System 
 
 NSR 
 
 Net
 Smelter Return 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Operating
 Expenditure 
 
 Pb 
 
 Lead 
 
 PEA 
 
 Preliminary
 Economic Assessment 
 
 PFS 
 
 Pre-Feasibility
 Study 
 
 PMC 
 
 Placer
 Mining Corporation 
 
 Property 
 
 Bunker
 Hill Mine 
 
 QA/QC

Quality
 Assurance/Quality Control 
 
 QP(s) 
 
 Qualified
 Person(s) 
 
 RC
 or RVC 
 
 Reverse
 Circulation 
 
 RDA 
 
 Resource
 Development Associates 
 
 Rdi 
 
 Resource
 Development Inc 
 
 ROD 
 
 Record
 of Decision 
 
 RQD

Rock
 Quality Designation 
 
 SME 
 
 Society
 for Mining, Metallurgy and Exploration 
 
 SVMC 
 
 Silver
 Valley Mining Corporation 
 
 t 
 
 Short
 Ton 
 
 Tonne 
 
 Metric
 Tonne 
 
 tpd 
 
 Short
 Tons per Day 
 
 UAO 
 
 Unilateral
 Administrative Order 
 
 USGS 
 
 United
 States Geological Survey 
 
 Zn 
 
 Zinc 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 13 

3 
 Property
 Description and Location 

The
Bunker Hill Mine is located in Shoshone County, Idaho with portions of the mine located within the cities of Kellogg and Wardner, Idaho
in northwestern USA. The Kellogg Tunnel, which is the main access to the mine, is located at 47.53611 N latitude, 116.1381W longitude.
The approximate elevation for the above cited coordinates is 2366 ft. The patented mining claims depicted in Figure 3-1, below, cover
an area of 5,802 acres. 

On
December 15, 2021 BHMC signed a Purchase and Sale Agreement (PSA) with Placer Mining Corporation and both William and Shirley Pangburn
to acquire full ownership of the subsequently listed mineral titles in addition to other Surface Rights and Real Property associated
with land and structures of the Bunker Hill Mine. BHMC became the owner of Bunker Hill Mine on January 7, 2022. 

Figure
3-1 Property Map of Bunker Hill Mine Land Ownership 

From
its early days in the 1890s and through two World Wars, the Bunker Hill Company BMC operated as an independent and well-known
mining and smelting company. BMC was listed on the New York Stock Exchange. On June 1, 1968, Bunker Hill became a wholly owned subsidiary
of Gulf Resources Chemical Corp. 

Growing
public concern with the environment in the 1970s compelled Bunker Hill to spend large sums on plant improvements in order to comply with
newly enacted federal air and water pollution laws. The Company also made major efforts to reclaim surrounding hillsides which had been
impacted by the effects of decades of airborne smelter effluents and timbering for mining purposes. 

Ultimately
the combination of high costs of environmental compliance and declines in metal prices in the early 1980s led to the decision by Gulf
Resources in August 1981 to cease operations at Bunker Hill and to sell the mine. In 1982, the company was sold to the Bunker Limited
Partnership BLP ). The principal owners of BLP were Harry Magnuson, Duane Hagadone, Jack Kendrick and Simplot Development
Corporation. Simplot Development Corporation sold its share of the partnership in 1987. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 14 

The
mine was reopened from 1988 to 1990 by BLP during which time exploration, resource definition, mine development and small-scale production
occurred. A decline in metals prices in the early 1990s led BLP to close the mine in January of 1991. Shortly thereafter BLP filed for
bankruptcy. 

On
May 1, 1992, the Bunker Hill Mine was sold to PMC. The sale related to Bunker Hill Mine only. Pintlar, Inc., a subsidiary of Gulf Resources
 Chemical Corporation, remained responsible for the environmental cleanup of the portion of the Bunker Hill Superfund Site related
to the smelter site. Title to all patented mining claims included in the transaction was transferred from Bunker Hill Mining Corp. (U.S.)
Inc. by Warranty Deed in 1992. The sale of the property was properly approved of by the U.S. Trustee and U.S. Bankruptcy Court. 

BHMC s
land package purchased from PMC, includes a mix of patented mining claims and ownership of surface parcels. The transaction also includes
certain parcels of fee property which includes mineral and surface rights but are not patented mining claims. Mining claims and fee properties
are located in Townships 47, 48 North, Range 2 East, Townships 47, 48 North, Range 3 East, Boise Meridian, Shoshone County, Idaho. The
patented mining claims described by Figure 3-1, above, cover an area of 5,802.132 acres. BHMC now owns all claims that lie within the
tax parcels and fee parcels shown in Figure 3-1. 

3.1.1 
 Bunker
 Hill Mine Mineral Tenure 

On
January 7, 2022, BHMC, through its wholly owned subsidiary Silver Valley Metals Corp. SVMC ), purchased the Bunker Hill
Mine from PMC and other private landowners. The property consists of a combination of patented mining claims with surface rights and
mineral rights Surface Parcels ), patented mining claims without surface ownership rights Mineral Parcels 
as more particularly described below), and additional land not patented as mining claims under the General Mining Act of 1872 Platted
Parcels ). The Platted Parcels and Surface Parcels are more particularly described below. 

At
the time of SVMC s purchase of the Bunker Hill Mine, SVMC obtained an Owner s Policy of Title Insurance Owner s
Policy and a Mineral Guarantee Mineral Guarantee from First American Title Company in Kellogg, Idaho (the Title
Company through Old Republic National Title Insurance Company. 

The
Owner s Policy insures title to the Surface Parcels and Platted Parcels is vested with SVMC, subject to the exclusions, exceptions,
and conditions to coverage listed therein, with an amount of insurance of up to 7,700,000. Subject to these limitations, the Owner s
Policy insures against loss or damage sustained by SVMC by reason of Covered Risks, which include (among other things)
any defect in, lien or encumbrance on the title to the Surface Parcels or Platted Parcels which is disclosed in a Public Record (as defined
therein) as of the date of the policy and not otherwise excluded/excepted from coverage. 

The
Mineral Guarantee insures title to the surface of the Mineral Parcels, which is vested in owners other than SVMC, subject to the exceptions
to coverage listed therein, in an amount of up to 4,000. The Mineral Guarantee provides information on the severance of the mineral
estate from the surface rights and insures, subject to the liability exclusions, limitations, conditions, and stipulations set forth
therein, against actual loss, not exceeding the liability amount, which SVMC shall sustain by reason of any incorrectness in the title
to the surface of the Mineral Parcels. Research and records obtained through the Mineral Guarantee were used to determine the title owner
of the Mineral Parcels. 

SVMC
obtained a title opinion from the law firm of Lyons O Dowd, PLLC (the Firm ). The Firm reviewed and relied upon the
commitment for title insurance (the Title Commitment provided by the Title Company pertaining to the Surface Parcels and
Platted Parcels and concluded that, as of the date of the opinion, PMC and the other private sellers had good and merchantable title
to the Surface Parcels and Platted Parcels, subject to the qualifications, exceptions, reservations, assumptions, limitations and disclaimers
identified in the Firm s opinion, the Title Commitment, and the Mineral Guarantee. 

With
respect to the Mineral Parcels, the Firm reviewed and relied upon the information included in the Mineral Guarantee and, as of the date
of the opinion, provided a limited opinion that PMC had good and merchantable title to the Mineral Parcels, subject to the qualifications,
exceptions, reservations, assumptions, limitations and disclaimers contained in the Firm s opinion, the Title Commitment, and the
Mineral Guarantee. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 15 

Patented
mining claims in the USA are described with respect to the Section, Township, and Range system employed throughout the country. The Surface
Parcels, Mineral Parcels and Platted Parcels that comprise the Bunker Hill Mine land position are located in Townships 47, 48 North,
Range 2 East, Townships 47, 48 North, Range 3 East, Boise Meridian, Shoshone County, Idaho. All the Surface Parcels, Mineral Parcels
and Platted Parcels are patented (either through the General Mining Act or another fee-based patent act) and owned by SVMC as outlined
herein; therefore, other than annual property taxes assessed by Shoshone County, there are no ongoing maintenance fees that would be
paid for maintenance of unpatented mining claims through the Bureau of Land Management. There are no expiration dates associated with
SVMC controlled mineral and land tenure, or associated property ownership rights. 

DESCRIPTION
OF SURFACE PARCELS AND PLATTED PARCELS 

PARCEL
1: 

Being
a tract of land situated in the Northeast of the Southeast of Section 1, Township
48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho more particularly described as follows: 

Beginning
at the East corner of said Section 1, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho marked by a concrete
monument and also the point of beginning, thence 

 South
87 28 34 West 165.92 feet; thence 

 South
30 34 59 West, 220.96 feet; thence 

 Along
a curve right, radius = 40 feet, the long chord bears South 66 18 09 West, 75.71 feet; thence 

 North
78 22 26 West, 36.16 feet; thence 

 South
10 52 21 West, 204.04 feet; thence 

 North
75 18 39 West, 252.91 feet; thence 

 South
17 22 44 West, 1124.08 feet; thence 

 North
87 41 35 East, 1007.62 feet; thence 

 North
00 12 22 West, 1389.14 feet to the point of beginning. 

PARCEL
2: 

Being
a tract of land lying in the Northeast and the Southeast of Section 1, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho and more particularly described as follows: 

Beginning
at a point from whence the East corner of Section 1, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho
bears South 10 03 11 East, 409.83 feet distant; thence 

 South
21 46 03 West, 150.17 feet; thence 

 North
65 43 21 West, 407.49 feet; thence 

 South
01 10 02 West, 94.54 feet; thence 

 South
27 17 34 West, 90.00 feet; thence 

 South
39 32 35 East, 342.19 feet; thence 

 South
17 00 49 West, 108.69 feet; thence 

 South
09 45 56 East, 92.08 feet; thence 

 Along
a curve right, radius = 40 feet, the long chord bears North 68 36 01 East, 43.86 feet; 

 Thence 

 North
30 34 41 East, 331.46 feet; thence 

 Along
a curve right, radius = 100 feet, the long chord bears North 48 38 04 East, 62.13 feet; thence 

 Along
a curve left, radius = 161 feet, the long chord bears North 16 29 47 East, 198.94 feet; thence 

 North
31 27 01 West, 84.16 feet to the point of beginning and sometimes referred to as Lot 2, Mine Short Plat No. 1 as shown
on the official recorded plat thereof recorded as Instrument No. 350327, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 16 

PARCEL
3: 

Being
a tract of land situated in the Northeast of the Southeast of Section 1, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho more particularly described as follows: 

Beginning
at a point whence the East corner of Section 1, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho bears
North 59 22 09 East, 395.37 feet distant; thence 

 Along
a curve left, radius = 40 feet, the long chord bears South 15 24 18 West, 27.50 feet; thence 

 North
78 22 26 West, 36.16 feet; thence 

 South
10 52 21 West, 204.04 feet; thence 

 North
75 18 39 West, 252.91 feet; thence 

 North
02 48 24 West, 383.22 feet; thence 

 North
31 43 07 East, 271.88 feet; thence 

 South
39 32 35 East, 342.19 feet; thence 

 South
17 00 49 West, 108.69 feet; thence 

 South
09 45 56 East, 92.08 feet to the point of beginning and sometimes referred to as Lot 3 Mine Plant Short Plat No. 1. 

PARCEL
4: 

Saxon,
M.S. 2067 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 553, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
5: 

Link,
M.S. 2123 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 601, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
6: 

Spur,
M.S. 2124 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 11 and 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 48, Deeds, at page 479, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
7: 

Spear,
M.S. 2496 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 43, Deeds, at page 49, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
8: 

Marion,
M.S. 2583 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 47, Deeds, at page 196, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
9: 

Ben
Herr, Kruger and Philippine, M.S. 2599 Patented Mining Claims situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 12 and 13, Township 48 North,
Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 47, Deeds, at page 27, records of Shoshone County, State
of Idaho. 

PARCEL
10: 

Hough,
M.S. 2611 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 12 and 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 56, Deeds, at page 99, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 17 

PARCEL
11: 

California,
M.S. 2627 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 45, Deeds, at page 503, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
12: 

Check,
M.S. 2840 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 1 and 12, Township 48, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 54, Deeds, at page 465, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
13: 

That
portion of Florence, M.S. 2862 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East,
B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho and more particularly described in those certain deeds recorded November 30, 1966 as Instrument
Nos. 208505 and 208506, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 55, Deeds, at page 585, records of Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
14: 

Billy,
M.S. 3111 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 96, Deeds, at page 398, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
15: 

Lucky,
M.S. 3470 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., and in Section
18, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 91, Deeds, at page 283, records of
Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
16: 

Moat,
M.S. 3503 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 17, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 96, Deeds, at page 356, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
17: 

Bunker
Hill, M.S. 579 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 12 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M.,
Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 6, Deeds, at page 101, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
18: 

Sullivan,
M.S. 580 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 6, Deeds, at page 190, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
19: 

Important
Fraction, M.S. 581 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 6, Deeds, at page 285, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 18 

PARCEL
20: 

Phil
Sheridan, M.S. 604 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 6, Deeds, at page 281, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
21: 

Reed
Fraction, M.S. 607 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 6, Deeds, at page 246, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
22: 

Bunker
Hill Millsite, M.S. 608 Patented Millsite Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M.,
Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 4, Deeds, at page 181, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
23: 

Small
Hopes, M.S. 609, Amended Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M.,
Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 6, Deeds, at page 325, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
24: 

Bottom
Dollar Fraction, M.S. 629 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M.,
Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 6, Deeds, at page 252, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
25: 

Chestnut
Fraction, M.S. 632 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 6, Deeds, at page 339, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
26: 

Emma
 Last Chance Millsite, M.S. 703 Patented Millsite claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range
2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 4, Deeds, at page 179, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
27: 

Ontario,
M.S. 755 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 11 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 382, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
28: 

Carbonate,
M.S. 764 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 325, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
29: 

Silver
Casket, M.S. 790 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 15, Deeds, at page 25, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 19 

PARCEL
30: 

Turkey
Buzzard, M.S. 836 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in book 6, Deeds, at page 243, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
31: 

Snowslide
Fraction, M.S. 837 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 6, Deeds, at page 249, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
32: 

Silver,
M.S. 1085 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 12 and 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 38, Deeds, at page 479, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
33: 

Johannesburg,
M.S. 1192 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 12 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 232, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
34: 

Puritan,
M.S. 1328 Amended Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 196, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
35: 

No.
5, M.S. 1357 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 18, Deeds, at page 234, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
36: 

Omaha,
M.S. 1409 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents at page 190, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
37: 

Legal
Tender, M.S. 1639 Amended Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M.,
Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 304, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
38: 

Triangle
Fraction, M.S. 2065 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 604, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
39: 

A
parcel of land situated in the Northwest Quarter of Section 6, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County, Idaho, and more
particularly described as follows: 

Using
the Bunker Hill Triangulation System Meridian and coordinates and beginning at Corner No. 1, a point identical with the West Quarter
Corner of said Section 6 (N9667.57, E687.41), and running thence 

 North
0 42 20 East, 372.46 feet along the West boundary line of said Section 6 to Corner No. 2; thence 

 South
20 36 East, 59.71 feet to Corner No. 3, a point identical with Corner No. 4 of the Washington Water Power Company (WWP Co.)
tract as described in Document No. 302109, recorded November 2, 1982, records of Shoshone 

 County,
Idaho from The Bunker Hill Company to Bunker Limited Partnership, Parcel 28 of Exhibit A , pages 12 and 13; thence 

 South
69 24 West, 12.87 feet to Corner No. 4, identical with Corner No. 3 of said WWP Co. tract; thence 

 South
14 20 East, 118.05 feet to Corner No. 5, identical with Corner No. 2 of said WWP Co. tract; thence 

 South
2 23 30 West, 187.00 feet to Corner No. 6, identical with Corner No. 1 of said WWP Co. tract; thence 

 South
80 00 East, 53.98 feet along the Southerly boundary line of said WWP Co. tract to its point of intersection with the South
boundary line of the Northwest Quarter of said Section 6; thence 

 South
88 55 25 West, 88.05 feet along said boundary line of said Section 6 Northwest Quarter to Corner No. 1 and place of
beginning. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 20 

DESCRIPTION
OF MINERAL PARCELS 

PARCEL
1: 

Reeves,
M.S. 1412 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 2, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 8, Deeds, at page 66. 

PARCEL
2: 

Packard,
M.S. 1413 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 2, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 193. 

PARCEL
3: 

Quaker,
M.S. 1414 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 2, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 388. 

PARCEL
4: 

Danish,
M.S. 1503 Amended Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 2, Township 48 north, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded as Instrument No. 209774, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
5: 

Alfred
(shown of record as Alfred) and Maggie, M.S. 1628 Patented Mining Claims situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 2, Township 48
North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 247. 

PARCEL
6: 

Princess,
M.S. 1633 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 301. 

PARCEL
7: 

Royal
Knight and Silver King, M.S. 1639 Amended Patented Mining Claims situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 2 and 11, Township 48
North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 304. 

PARCEL
8: 

Phillippine,
M.S. 1663 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 2, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 322. 

PARCEL
9: 

Harrison,
M.S. 1664 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 307. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 21 

PARCEL
10: 

Ninety-Six
(96), M.S. 1715 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 349. 

PARCEL
11: 

Lydia
Fraction, Mabel, Manila, O.K., O.K. Western, Sunny and Whippoorwill, M.S. 1723 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District
in Sections 2 and 3, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 28, Deeds, at page
446. 

PARCEL
12: 

William
Lambert Fraction, M.S. 1945 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 2, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M.,
Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 1, Deeds, at page 580. 

PARCEL
13: 

Band,
M.S. 2507 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 2, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 41, Deeds, at page 251. 

PARCEL
14: 

Maine,
M.S. 2626 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 2 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 45, Deeds, at page 180. 

PARCEL
15: 

Venture,
M.S. 3164 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 2, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 62, Patents, at page 72. 

PARCEL
16: 

Goth,
L-2, L-3 M. S. 3214 Patented Mining Claims Patent Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 2 and 9, Township 48 North,
Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 64, Deeds, at page 284. 

PARCEL
17: 

Castle,
M.S. 3503 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 17, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 96, Deeds, at page 356. 

PARCEL
18: 

Silver
King Millsite, M.S. 3563 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 2, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M.,
Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 123, Deeds, at page 166. 

PARCEL
19: 

Tyler,
M.S. 546 Amended Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 34, Deeds, at page 546 

PARCEL
20: 

Emma,
M.S. 550 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded as Instrument No. 209775, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
21: 

Last
Chance, M. S. 551 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 1, Deeds, at page 433 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 22 

PARCEL
22: 

Sierra
Nevada, M.S. 554 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 11 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M.,
Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 1, Deeds, at page 358. 

PARCEL
23: 

Viola,
M.S. 562 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 619. 

PARCEL
24: 

Oakland,
M.S. 569 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 11 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 235. 

PARCEL
25: 

Jackass,
M.S. 586 Amended Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 12 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M.,
Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 6, Deeds, at page 75. 

PARCEL
26: 

Lackawanna,
M.S. 614 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 6, Patents, at page 260. 

PARCEL
27: 

Skookum,
M.S. 615 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 11 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book X, Deeds, at page 313 

PARCEL
28: 

Rolling
Stone, M.S. 619 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., and in
Section 18, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 38, Deeds, at page 484. 

PARCEL
29: 

Fairview,
M.S. 621 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 18, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 301. 

PARCEL
30: 

San
Carlos, M.S. 750 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 535. 

PARCEL
31: 

Ontario
Fraction, M.S. 755 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 382. 

PARCEL
32: 

Sold
Again Fraction, M.S. 933 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M.,
Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 9, Deeds, at page 207. 

PARCEL
33: 

Republican
Fraction, M.S. 959 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 301. 

PARCEL
34: 

Likely,
M.S. 1298 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book B, Patents, at page 25. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 23 

PARCEL
35: 

Apex,
Rambler and Tip Top, M.S. 1041 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East,
B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 139. 

PARCEL
36: 

Butte,
Cariboo, Good Luck, Jersey Fraction and Lilly May, M.S. 1220 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 11 and
12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 24, Deeds, at page 23. 

PARCEL
37: 

Mabundaland,
Mashonaland, Matabelaland, Stopping and Zululand, M.S. 1227 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township
48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 38, Deeds, at page 481. 

PARCEL
38: 

Alla,
Bonanza Fraction, East, Ironhill, Lacrosse, Miners Delight, No Name, Ollie McMillin, Schofield, Sullivan Extension and Summit, M.S. 1228
Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., and in Section 18, Township
48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 301. 

PARCEL
39: 

Allie,
Blue Bird, Bought Again, Josie, Maple, Offset, Rookery and Susie, M.S. 1229 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in
Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 20, Deeds, at page 580. 

PARCEL
40: 

Hornet
M.S. 1325 Amended Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 607. 

PARCEL
41: 

King,
M.S. 1325 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 295 

Parcel
42: 

Sampson,
M.S. 1328 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 196. 

PARCEL
43: 

Comstock,
Daisy, Dandy, Jessie, Julia, Justice, Ophir and Walla Walla, M.S. 1345 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section
18, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 20, Deeds, at page 584. 

PARCEL
44: 

Lucky
Chance, M.S. 1349 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 18, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 15, Deeds, at page 494. 

PARCEL
45: 

Excelsior,
M.S. 1356 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 157. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 24 

PARCEL
46: 

No.
1, No. 2, No. 3 and No. 4, M.S. 1357 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range
2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 18, Deeds, at page 234. 

PARCEL
47: 

Carter,
Coxey, Deadwood, Debs, Hamilton, Hard Cash and Nevada, M.S. 1466 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections
11 and 14, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 20, Patents, at page 577. 

PARCEL
48: 

Arizona,
M. S. 1488 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 199. 

PARCEL
49: 

Wheelbarrow,
M.S. 1526 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 442. 

PARCEL
50: 

New
Era, M.S. 1527 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 478. 

PARCEL
51: 

Hamilton
Fraction, M.S. 1619 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 11 14, Township 48 North, Range 2 East,
B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 289. 

PARCEL
52: 

Berniece,
Mountain King, Mountain Queen, Southern Beauty and Waverly, M.S. 1620 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section
14, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 292. 

PARCEL
53: 

Good
Enough, M.S. 1628 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 2, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 247. 

PARCEL
54: 

McLelland,
M.S. 1681 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 622. 

PARCEL
55: 

Stemwinder,
M.S. 1830 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 35, Deeds, at page 437. 

PARCEL
56: 

Utah,
M.S. 1882 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 415. 

PARCEL
57: 

Butternut
and Homestake, M.S. 1916 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M.,
Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 38, Deeds, at page 434. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 25 

PARCEL
58: 

Overlap,
M.S. 2052 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book A, Patents, at page 532. 

PARCEL
59: 

Bee,
Combination, Hawk, Idaho, Iowa, Oregon, Scorpion Fraction and Washington, M.S. 2072 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District
in Sections 1 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 33, Deeds, at
page 459. 

PARCEL
60: 

Eighty-Five
(85), Iowa No. 2, K-10, K-11, K-12, K-13, K-16, K-17, K-18, K-19, K-20, K-21, K-22, K-23, K-28, K-29, K-30, K-31, K-32, K-39, Minnesota,
Missouri No. 2, Ninety-One (91) and Ninety-two (92), M.S. 2077 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 14,
15 and 22, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 34, Patents, at page 425. 

PARCEL
61: 

Chain,
M.S. 2078 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 38, Deeds, at page 432. 

PARCEL
62: 

K-1,
K-2, K-3, K-4, K-5, K-6, K-7, K-8, K-9, K-14, K-15, K-24, K-25, K-26, K-27, K-33, K-34, K-35, K-36, K-37, K-38, Kansas, Missouri and
Texas, M.S. 2080 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 14 and 23, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M.,
Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 34, Patents, at page 440. 

PARCEL
63: 

Bear,
Black, Brown, Dewey, Ito, Oyama, S-1, S-2, S-3, S-4, S-5, S-6, S-7, S-8, S-9, S-10, S-11, S-12, S-13, Sampson, Sarnia and Star, M. S.
2081 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., and Sections 18 and
19, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., , Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 34, Patents, at page 456. 

PARCEL
64: 

Sims,
M.S. 2186 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book B, Patents, at page 23. 

PARCEL
65: 

Lincoln,
M.S. 2187 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 40, Deeds, at page 126. 

PARCEL
66: 

Brooklyn,
New Jersey and Schute Fraction, M.S. 2201 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 10, Township 48 North, Range
2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 38, Deeds, at page 52. 

PARCEL
67: 

Cheyenne,
M.S. 2249 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 42, Deeds, at page 505. 

PARCEL
68: 

Buckeye,
M.S. 2250 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 26 

PARCEL
69: 

Timothy
Fraction, M.S. 2274 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 18, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 43, Deeds, at page 36. 

PARCEL
70: 

Confidence
and Flagstaff, M.S. 2328 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M.,
and in Section 7, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book B, Patents, at page
27. 

PARCEL
71: 

Norman,
M.S. 2368 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 41, Deeds, at page 410. 

PARCEL
72: 

Grant,
M.S. 2369 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 11 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 41, Deeds, at page 408. 

PARCEL
73: 

Cypress,
M.S. 2429 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 12 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 41, Deeds, at page 255. 

PARCEL
74: 

Hickory
and Spruce Fraction, M.S. 2432 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East,
B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 41, Deeds, at page 253. 

PARCEL
75: 

Helen
Marr and Hemlock, M.S. 2452 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 12 and 13, Township 48 North, Range 2
East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 41, Deeds, at page 415. 

PARCEL
76: 

Spokane,
M.S. 2509 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 41, Deeds, at page 305. 

PARCEL
77: 

Heart,
Jack, Key, Queen and Teddy, M.S. 2511 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range
2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 45, Deeds, at page 21. 

PARCEL
78: 

Ace,
Club, Diamond, Nellie, Roman and Spade, M.S. 2583 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 11 and 12, Township
48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 47, Deeds, at page 196. 

PARCEL
79: 

Brady,
M.S. 2584 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 43, Deeds, at page 135. 

PARCEL
80: 

A,
B, C, D, E, F, Drew, Edna, Emily Grace, Foster, K-40, Lilly, Medium, Missing Link, No. 1, No. 2, Peak, Penfield, Sliver, Snowline, Yreka
No. 10, Yreka No. 11, Yreka, No. 12, Yreka No. 13, Yreka No. 14, Yreka No. 15, Yreka No. 16, Yreka No. 17, Yreka no. 18, Yreka No. 19,
Yreka No. 20, Yreka no. 21, Yreka No. 22, Yreka No. 23, Yreka No. 24, Yreka No. 25 and Yreka No. 26, M.S. 2587 Patented Mining Claim
situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 13, 24 and 25, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., and in Sections 19 and 30, Township
48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 57, Deeds, at page 597 and in Book 57, Deeds,
page 85. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 27 

PARCEL
81: 

Boer
and Grant, M.S. 2599 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 45, Deeds, at page 27. 

PARCEL
82: 

Asset,
Childs, Eli, Evans, Gun, Nick, Ox, Ruth, Sherman, Simmons, Taft and Yale, M.S. 2611 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District
in Sections 12 and 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., and in Sections 18 19, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 56, Deeds, at page 99. 

PARCEL
83: 

African,
Gus, Roy and Trump, M.S. 2624 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East,
B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 43, Deeds, at page 561. 

PARCEL
84: 

Kirby
Fraction, McClellan, Miles and Pitt, M.S. 2654 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 12, Township 48 North,
Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 47, Deeds, at page 632. 

PARCEL
85: 

Bonanza
King Millsite, M.S. 2868 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 8, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M.,
Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 61, Deeds, at page 112. 

PARCEL
86: 

Flagstaff
No. 2, Flagstaff No. 3, Flagstaff No. 4, Scelinda No. 1, Scelinda No. 2, Scelinda No. 3, Scelinda No. 4, Scelinda No. 5, Scelinda No.
7 and Scelinda No. 8, M.S. 2921 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 1 and 12, Township 48 North, Range
2 East, B.M., and in Section 7, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 59, Deeds,
at page 120. 

PARCEL
87: 

Ethel,
Katherine, Manchester, McRooney, Stuart No. 2, Stuart No. 3, Sullivan and Switzerland, M.S. 2966 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka
Mining District in Sections 10 and 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book
56, Deeds, at page 482. 

PARCEL
88: 

Hoover
No. 1, Hoover No. 2, Hoover No. 3, Hoover No. 4 and Hoover No. 5, M.S. 2975 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in
Sections 13, 14, 23 24, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 56, Deeds,
at page 490. 

PARCEL
89: 

Adath,
Al-kyris, Anna Laura, Atlas, Atlas No. 1, Fraction, Gay, Panorama, Red Deer and Setzer, M.S. 2976 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka
Mining District in Sections 22 and 23, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., and in Section 7, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M.,
Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 56, Deeds, at page 493. 

PARCEL
90: 

Lesley,
Lesley No. 2, Lesley No. 3, Little Ore Grande, North Wellington, Ore Grande No. 1, Ore Grande No. 2, Ore Grande No. 3, Ore Grande No.
4, Ore Grande no. 5 and Wellington M.S. 2977 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 23 and 26, Township
48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 56, Deeds, at page 496. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 28 

PARCEL
91: 

Marko,
V.M. No. 1 and V.M. No. 2, M.S. 3051 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 7 and 18, Township 48 North,
Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 59, Deeds, at page 78. 

PARCEL
92: 

Army
and Navy, M.S. 3096 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 22, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 60, Deeds, at page 223. 

PARCEL
93: 

Oracle,
Orbit, Oreano, Ore Shoot, Orient, Oriental Orphan and Orpheum, M.S. 3097 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section
23, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 60, Deeds, at page 255. 

PARCEL
94: 

East
Midland, Midland, Midland No. 1, Midland No. 3, Midland No. 4, Midland No. 5, Midland No. 6, Midland No. 7, Midland No. 8 and North Midland,
M.S. 3108 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 13 24, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., and
in Section 19, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 60, Deeds, at page 319. 

PARCEL
95: 

Monte
Carlo No. 1, Monte Carlo No. 2, Monte Carlo No. 3, Monte Carlo No. 4 and Monte Carlo No. 5, M.S. 3177 Patented Mining Claim situated
in Yreka Mining District in Sections 7 and 18, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded
in Book 63, Deeds, at page 183. 

PARCEL
96: 

Long
John, M.S. 3179 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 7, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone
County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 63, Deeds, at page 611. 

PARCEL
97: 

L-1,
M.S. 3214 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 2, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 64, Deeds, at page 284. 

PARCEL
98: 

Pete,
Prominade, Sam and Zeke, M.S. 3389 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 10, Township 48 North, Range 2
East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 77, Deeds, at page 173. 

PARCEL
99: 

Battleship
Oregon, Charly T., Lucia, Marblehead, Margaret, Nancy B., Olympia and Phil, M.S. 3390 Patented Mining Claims situated in Yreka Mining
District in Sections 11 and 14, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 77, Deeds,
at page 338. 

PARCEL
100: 

Beta,
M.S. 3471 Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 13, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded as Instrument No. 168414, records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 29 

PARCEL
101: 

Spokane
Central No. 1, Spokane Central No. 2, Spokane Central No. 3, Spokane Central No. 3 Fr., Spokane Central No. 4 and Spokane Central No.
5, M.S. 3472 North Fork Coeur d Alene Patented Mining Claim situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 19, 20 and 29, Township
48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patents recorded as Instrument No. 179430 and as Instrument No. 219606,
records of Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
102: 

Anaconda,
Apex, Apex no. 2, Apex No. 3, Blue Bird, Blue Grouse, Bob White, Butte, Butte Fraction, Cougar, Galena, Huckleberry No. 2, Leopard, Lynx,
MacBenn, Martin, Pheasant, Robbin and Sonora, M.S. 3361 Patented Mining Claims situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 1 and 2,
Township 47 North, Range 2 East, B.M., and in Section 35, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent
recorded in Book 76, Deeds, at page 626. 

PARCEL
103: 

A
1/6 interest only in the Baby, Keystone, Van and Woodrat, M.S. 2856 Patented Mining Claims situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections
2 3, Township 47 North, Range 2 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 56, Deeds, at page 52. 

PARCEL
104: 

Evening
Star, Evening Star Fraction, Maryland, Monmouth, Oregon, Oregon No. 2 and Silver Chord, M.S. 2274 Patented Mining Claims situated in
Yreka Mining District in Section 15, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book
43, Deeds, at page 36. 

PARCEL
105: 

Spring,
M.S. 3298 Patented Mining Claims situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 15, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County,
State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 73, Deeds, at page 394. 

PARCEL
106: 

Milo
Millsite, M.S. 2869 Patented Mining Claims situated in Yreka Mining District in Sections 8 and 17, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M.,
Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 61, Deeds, at page 111. 

PARCEL
107: 

Black
Diamond, Carbonate, Enterprise, Enterprise Extension, Gelatin, Giant and Rolling Stone, M.S. 3423 Patented Mining Claims situated in
Yreka Mining District in Sections 3 and 10, Township 48 North, Range 3 East, B.M., Shoshone County, State of Idaho. 

PARCEL
108: 

Chief
No. 2 and Sugar, M.S. 2862 Patented Mining Claims situated in Yreka Mining District in Section 11, Township 48 North, Range 2 East, B.M.,
Shoshone County, State of Idaho. Patent recorded in Book 55, Deeds, at page 585. 

3.1.2 
 Other
 Bunker Hill Property Considerations 

Patented
mining claims in the State of Idaho do not require permits for underground mining activities to commence on private lands. Other permits
associated with underground mining may be required, such as water discharge and site disturbance permits. Water discharged from Bunker
Hill Mine is being treated at the Central Treatment Plant CTP ), which is located across the street from Bunker Hill Mine.
The facility is owned by US EPA. Water discharged from the CTP meets the requirements of an existing NPDES permit for discharge into
the South Fork of the Coeur d Alene River. The company is required to obtain its own NPDES water discharge permit by May 14, 2023.
Engineering work is expected to be completed in 2022 for a water treatment system at Bunker Hill Mine that will meet NPDES discharge
limits (now Idaho Pollutant Discharge Elimination System, or IPDES ). 

The
land package included purchase of Bunker Hill Mine by BHMC includes approximately the same land and mine infrastructure that was transferred
to PMC in 1992. Over 90 of surface ownership of patented mining claims not owned by PMC is owned by different landowners. These include:
Stimpson Lumber Co.; Riley Creek Lumber Co.; Powder LLC.; Golf LLC.; C E Tree Farms; and Northern Lands LLC. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 30 

3.2 
 Environmental
 Liabilities 

On
May 14, 2018, Bunker Hill Mining Corp. BHMC ), the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA and the Department
of Justice DOJ entered into an administrative settlement agreement and order on consent. Concurrent with this administrative
settlement agreement, on March 12, 2018, EPA and DOJ lodged a consent decree with the owner of the mine at the time, Placer Mining Corporation PMC ). The settlement package was essential for the redevelopment of Bunker Hill Mine that is now beginning because it
established specific limitations on liability for past environmental damage related to CERCLA, also known as the United States Superfund,
for the Bunker Hill Mine. 

The
Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent (the Settlement or Settlement Agreement specifically limits BHMC s
liability for past environmental damage in exchange for performance of obligations that are described later in the agreement. The Settlement 
can be found and read in its entirety on the US EPA s website under CERCLA Docket No. 10-2017-0123. These obligations include 20
million in recovery of past EPA response costs for the mine s water treatment through a schedule of payments that were to occur
over a 7-year period starting in 2018. BHMC also became liable for ongoing water treatment costs incurred by the EPA at the water treatment
facility located across the street from the Mine, known as the Central Treatment Plant CTP ). The agreement also specified
a range of care and maintenance activities within the mine that would be required jointly with PMC. 

On
December 18, 2021 BHMC signed an amendment to the Settlement Agreement along with the EPA, US DOJ and the Idaho Department of Environmental
Quality IDEQ ). Material changes to the Settlement Agreement included a rescheduling of the payments so that 17 million
of the historical cost recovery payments BHMC anticipates making from projected future cash flow from sales of concentrate produced by
the mine. 

BHMC s
environmental liabilities are limited with respect to past environmental damage by paragraph II.5. of its Settlement Agreement. This
paragraph states: 

In
view of the complex nature and significant extent of the work to be performed in connection with the response actions at the Mine and
the Site, and the risk of claims under CERCLA being asserted against Purchaser as a consequence of Purchaser s activities at the
Site pursuant to this Settlement Agreement, one of the purposes of this Settlement Agreement is to resolve, subject to the reservations
and limitations contained in Section XVIII Reservations of Rights by United States ), any potential liability of Purchaser
under CERCLA for the Existing Contamination and Work as defined by Paragraph 10. 

The
Work program defined in Paragraphs 9 of the Settlement Agreement is described in the Environmental Activities section of
this study as Ongoing Work Required by US EPA. The liabilities of BHMC are further described in the Settlement Agreement
in paragraph 2 of the Settlement Amendment between US EPA and Bunker Hill Mining corp. This was executed on December 18, 2021. Section
of that document stipulates as follows: 

BHMC
is exercising its option to purchase the Mine. As the owner and operator of the Mine, BHMC shall pay to EPA, as a portion of the purchase
price, and in satisfaction of EPA s claim for cost recovery against Placer Mining Company PMC as set forth in the
Complaint filed by the United States on March 17, 2004 in the United States District Court for the District of Idaho (2:04-cv-00126),
 19,000,000, plus Interest, in accordance with the following payment schedule: 

Table
3-1 Water Treatment Cost Recovery Schedule 

Date 
 Amount 
 
 Within
 30 days of the Effective Date of the 
 1,000,000 
 
 Settlement
 Agreement 
 (Paid
 by BHMC in 2018) 
 
 Within
 30 days of the First Amendment 
 2,000,000 
 
 Effective
 Date 
 (Paid
 by BHMC in Jan 2022) 
 
 November
 1, 2024 
 3,000,000 
 
 November
 1, 2025 
 3,000,000 
 
 November
 1, 2026 
 3,000,000 
 
 November
 1, 2027 
 3,000,000 
 
 November
 1, 2028 
 3,000,000 
 
 November
 1, 2029 
 2,000,000 

plus
 accrued interest 

BHMC
is responsible for making all future cost recovery payments to US EPA now that it has purchased the Bunker Hill Mine from PMC. 

BHMC s
liability for such payments does not extend to any year in which BHMC no longer owns and/or occupies the Mine after July 1. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 31 

Beginning
on the first day of the month following the First Amendment Effective Date, BHMC shall additionally make monthly payments in the amount
of 140,000 to IDEQ, unless otherwise directed by EPA, for the estimated costs at the CTP associated with the treatment of water from
the Mine. One year after the First Amendment Effective Date, BHMC shall make monthly payments in the amount of 200,000 to IDEQ, unless
otherwise directed by EPA, for the estimated costs at the CTP associated with the treatment of water from the Mine. Two years after the
First Amendment Effective Date, BHMC shall make monthly payments of the estimated mean average costs over the previous two years associated
with the treatment of water from the Mine to IDEQ, unless otherwise directed by EPA. EPA and IDEQ will determine actual costs incurred
and attributable to the Mine based on the following: (1) water treatment costs for lime and flocculants will be determined based on the
Mine waters relative proportion of lime demand per month; (2) all other water treatment costs, including on-call maintenance and emergency
responses (OMERs) except those that meet the criteria of number (3) will be determined based on the Mine s relative percentage
of hydraulic load per month; and (3) OMERs attributable to changes in the Mines water chemistry and/or hydraulic load will be 100 billed
to BHMC. IDEQ will send written notification to BHMC with a copy to EPA annually to reconcile water treatment costs paid with actual
costs incurred, along with a bill for any owed costs, as appropriate. Within 30 days of receipt of the annual notification and bill,
BHMC may request to meet with EPA and IDEQ to discuss the amounts billed. If BHMC disagrees with any amount billed, BHMC may utilize
dispute resolution pursuant to Section XIV of the Settlement Agreement. Payment of any undisputed owed costs as indicated in such notification
and bill shall be paid 60 days after the date of such bill. BHMC shall continue to make all of the foregoing water treatment payments
for so long as EPA and/or IDEQ are treating water from the Mine. The above stated costs are currently under review by IDEQ and the EPA
and costs of subsequent mine water treatment performed at the CTP have been scheduled into the Project economics as such. 

The
activities planned in this report will create minimal surface disturbance and are low environmental impact in nature. As currently conceived,
crushing, milling and processing will be done in a manner that does not create additional disturbance and generates no negative impact
of significance. If for any reason waste and/or tailings are required to be deposited on surface at any point in the future, the design,
engineering and construction of the facility will meet ICOLD (International Commission on Large Dams) standards as well as all applicable
environmental laws and regulations. 

No
additional environmental liabilities are anticipated as a result of the activities planned by BHMC. The company will initiate a voluntary
Environmental Social and Health Impact Assessment that conforms to ISO and IFC standards. The study will commence in Q4 of 2022 and is
expected to conclude in Q1 of 2024. The study contains 13 component studies that will measure a broad range of impacts. The study will
be used to development plans and activities that maximize positive impacts of the mine s production and mitigate any negative impacts. 

No
permits are required for the initiation of mining activities on the Property. Permits will be required for air emissions associated with
certain milling and processing activities. Mine water discharge will be processed at the CTP. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 32 

Other
changes included a modification of payment for current ongoing water treatment services provided to the mine by EPA and IDEQ. Rather
than two semi-annual payments of 480,000, BHMC will make a monthly payment of 140,000 for the first 12 months after execution of the
amendment. From months 13 onward, the monthly payment will increase to 200,000. The increase in annualized costs of water treatment
is the result of recently completed upgrades of the water treatment system at the CTP that allow it meet more stringent discharge standards.
If and when BHMC develops its own water treatment system that is capable of meeting water discharge standards, these payments will cease.
BHMC will also make an addition payment to EPA of approximately 2.9M within 90 days of the effective date of the Settlement Amendment. 

These
constitute the current environmental obligations and responsibilities of BHMC related to Bunker Hill mine site. 

3.2.1 
 History
 of Superfund Liabilities 

In
1983, Bunker Hill Mine was included in the 21-square mile box (the Site listed on the Environmental Protection Agency s
National Priorities List as a Superfund Site. In 1992, PMC purchased a portion of the Site, which includes underground workings, mineral
rights, and much of the land surface above the Mine, from Bunker Limited Partnership. PMC did not purchase the entire Complex nor the
Central Treatment Plant CTP that was constructed by Gulf Resources in 1974 and operated until the sale of Bunker Hill
to BLP. 

At
the time of purchase, PMC assumed liability for Bunker Hill Mine for environmental response costs and any claims under the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA ), also known as Superfund. 

In
November 1994, Federal and State governments assumed operation of the CTP for ongoing treatment of Acid Mine Drainage. 

Two
years after PMC purchased Bunker Hill Mine, in 1994, EPA issued a Unilateral Administrative Order UAO to PMC directing
PMC to meet three main obligations related to Bunker Hill Mine effluent and water management in and around the mine site. These included: 

Keeping
 the mine pool (flooded workings within the mine) pumped to an elevation below the level of the South Fork of the Coeur d Alene
 River (at or below Level 11 of the Mine) 

To
 convey mine water to the EPA s Central Treatment Plant for treatment unless an alternative form of treatment was approved, 

Provide
 for emergency mine water storage within the mine. 

In
2017, EPA issued an additional UAO to PMC directing PMC to: 

Control
 mine water flows to the CTP during needed upgrades at the CTP 

In
 high flow periods, to conduct operation and maintenance of the Reed Landing Flood Control Project, 

To
 file an environmental covenant on a portion of the Mine property regarding access and operation and maintenance, 

Allowing
 PMC to fill the mine pool to Level 10 during specific events. 

EPA
has incurred costs in operating the CTP, which treats the approximately 1,300 to 1,400 gallons-per-minute of acid mine drainage released
from the mine on an ongoing daily basis. 

The
consent decree of 2018 and administrative settlement agreement, mentioned above, embody a settlement package involving PMC, BHMC, and
the United States at the Bunker Hill Mining and Metallurgical Superfund Site. The consent decree and administrative settlement agreement
work in tandem. The Settlement Amendment does not include PMC. It was signed only between BHMC, US EPA, DOJ and IDEQ. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 33 

3.3 
 Observations 

To
the extent known, the RDA knows of no other royalties, back-in rights, payments or other agreements and encumbrances to which the property
is subject. 

RDA
knows of no other environmental liabilities to which the Property is subject. 

RDA
is unaware of any other permits that must be acquired to conduct work on the Property. 

RDA
knows of no other significant factors and risks that may affect access, title, or the right or ability to perform work on the Property. 

3.4 
 Royalties,
 Payments and Agreements 

On
December 20, 2021, the Company executed a non-binding term sheet outlining a 50,000,000 project finance package with Sprott Private
Resource Streaming and Royalty Corp. SRSR ). The non-binding term sheet with SRSR outlined a project financing package
that the Company expects to fulfill the majority of its funding requirements to restart the Mine. The term sheet consisted of an 8,000,000
royalty convertible debenture (the RCD ), a 5,000,000 convertible debenture (the CD1 ), and a multi-metals
stream of up to 37,000,000 (the Stream ). The CD1 was subsequently increased to 6,000,000, increasing the project financing
package to 51,000,000. 

On
June 17, 2022, the Company consummated a new 15,000,000 convertible debenture (the CD2 ). As a result, total potential
funding from SRSR was further increased to 66,000,000 including the RCD, CD1, CD2 and the Stream (together, the Project Financing
Package ). 

The
Company closed the 8,000,000 RCD on January 7, 2022. The RCD bears interest at an annual rate of 9.0 , payable in cash or Common Shares
at the Company s option, until such time that SRSR elects to convert a royalty, with such conversion option expiring at the earlier
of advancement of the Stream or July 7, 2023 (subsequently amended as described below). In the event of conversion, the RCD will cease
to exist and the Company will grant a royalty for 1.85 of life-of-mine gross revenue from mining claims considered to be historically
worked, contiguous to current accessible underground development, and covered by the Company s 2021 ground geophysical survey (the
 SRSR Royalty ). A 1.35 rate will then apply to claims outside of these areas. The RCD was initially secured by a share
pledge of the Company s operating subsidiary, Silver Valley Metals Corp, until a full security package was put in place concurrent
with the consummation of the CD1. In the event of non-conversion, the principal of the RCD will be repayable in cash. 

Concurrent
with the funding of the CD2 in June 2022, the Company and SRSR agreed to a number of amendments to the terms of the RCD, including an
amendment of the maturity date from July 7, 2023, to March 31, 2025. The parties also agreed to a Royalty Put Option such that in the
event the RCD is converted into a royalty as described above, the holder of the royalty will be entitled to resell the royalty to the
Company for 8,000,000 upon default under the CD1 or CD2 until such time that the CD1 and CD2 are paid in full. 

The
Company closed the 6,000,000 CD1 on January 28, 2022, which was increased from the previously announced 5,000,000. The CD1 bears interest
at an annual rate of 7.5 , payable in cash or shares at the Company s option, and matures on July 7, 2023 (subsequently amended,
as described below). The CD1 is secured by a pledge of the Company s properties and assets. Until the closing of the Stream, the
CD1 was to be convertible into Common Shares at a price of C 0.30 per Common Share, subject to stock exchange approval (subsequently
amended, as described below). Alternatively, SRSR may elect to retire the CD1 with the cash proceeds from the Stream. The Company may
elect to repay the CD1 early; if SRSR elects not to exercise its conversion option at such time, a minimum of 12 months of interest would
apply. 

Concurrent
with the funding of the CD2 in June 2022, the Company and SRSR agreed to a number of amendments to the terms of the CD1, including that
the maturity date would be amended from July 7, 2023, to March 31, 2025, and that the CD1 would remain outstanding until the new maturity
date regardless of whether the Stream is advanced, unless the Company elects to exercise its option of early repayment. The Company determined
that amendments to the terms should not be treated as an extinguishment of CD1, but as a debt modification. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 34 

The
Company closed the 15,000,000 CD2 on June 17, 2022. The CD2 bears interest at an annual rate of 10.5 , payable in cash or shares at
the Company s option, and matures on March 31, 2025. The CD2 is secured by a pledge of the Company s properties and assets.
The repayment terms include 3 quarterly payments of 2,000,000 each beginning June 30, 2024, and 9,000,000 on the maturity date. 

In
light of the Series 2 Convertible Debenture financing, the previously permitted additional senior secured indebtedness of up to 15 million
for project finance has been removed. 

A
minimum of 27,000,000 and a maximum of 37,000,000 (the Stream Amount will be made available under the Stream, at the
Company s option, once the conditions of availability of the Stream have been satisfied including confirmation of full project
funding by an independent engineer appointed by SRSR. If the Company draws the maximum funding of 37,000,000, the Stream will apply
to 10 of payable metals sold until a minimum quantity of metal is delivered consisting of, individually, 55 million pounds of zinc,
35 million pounds of lead, and 1 million ounces of silver (subsequently amended, as described below). Thereafter, the Stream would apply
to 2 of payable metals sold. If the Company elects to draw less than 37,000,000 under the Stream, the percentage and quantities of
payable metals streamed will adjust pro-rata. The delivery price of streamed metals will be 20 of the applicable spot price. The Company
may buy back 50 of the Stream Amount at a 1.40x multiple of the Stream Amount between the second and third anniversary of the date of
funding, and at a 1.65x multiple of the Stream Amount between the third and fourth anniversary of the date of funding. As of November
21, 2022, the Stream has not been advanced. 

Concurrent
with the funding of the CD2 in June 2022, the Company and SRSR agreed that the minimum quantity of metal delivered under the Stream,
if advanced, will increase by 10 relative to the amounts noted above. 

4 
 Accessibility,
 Climate, Local Resources, Infrastructure and Physiography 

The
Bunker Hill Mine Project is located at Kellogg, Idaho within the Coeur d Alene mining district, Shoshone County, Idaho. The area
is accessed from Spokane, Washington via Interstate 90 east, to the mile 50 exit. Access to the Kellogg Tunnel is via McKinley Avenue,
a public road, then using the Bunker Mine Road to the Kellogg tunnel entrance. The elevation of the mine is approximately 2,300 feet
above sea level. 

The
Bunker Hill Mine Project is in a sub-alpine mountainous region of the state and is deeply incised by the Coeur d Alene river. Average
annual rainfall is approximately 25 inches (635 mm), and average annual snowfall is approximately 1,220 mm). Summers are generally dry
and warm while winter can bring heavy accumulations of snow in the mountains. Vegetation is composed mainly of grass lands on south facing
slopes and conifer forest on north facing slopes. The climate is favorable for year-round mining operations. 

The
closest major airports to the Bunker Hill Mine Project are in Spokane, Washington, 32 miles (51.5 km) west of Coeur d Alene on
I-90 and Missoula, Montana, 108 miles (174 km) east of Lookout Pass on I-90. Access to the site is open year-round. City water and sewer
utilities are available at site and electric service is established at site. Further details on utility requirements for mining operations
are detailed further in this report. Necessary supplies, equipment, and services to carry out exploration and mine development projects
are available in Kellogg, Wallace, Mullan, Coeur d Alene, and Wardner, Idaho, as well as Spokane, Washington. A trained mining
workforce is available in the above-mentioned communities. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 35 

5 
 History 

The
Bunker Hill Mine is one of the most storied base metal and silver mines in American history. Initial discovery and development of the
property began in 1885, and from that time until the mine closed for the final time in 1991 total production from the mine totaled 42.77
million tons at an average grade of 8.43 Pb, 3.52 oz Ag/ton and 4.52 Zn. Through its history the area encompassing the Bunker Hill
mine accounts for nearly 42 of the total lead, 41 of the zinc and 15 of the silver production in the Coeur d Alene Mining District.
Only the Sunshine and Galena mines have produced more silver. Over this long history, over 40 separate mineralized zones were exploited
at the Bunker Hill mining complex. 

5.1 
 Discovery
 and Historical Ownership 

Discovery
of Bunker Hill occurred in the summer of 1885 when Noah Kellogg, a prospector from Murray Idaho, discovered the Bunker Hill outcrop.
Through a series of partnerships and sales, The Bunker Hill and Sullivan Mining and Concentrating Company was incorporated in July of
1887. Operations focused on the upper levels easily accessed by means of surface portals. Mined material was transported by aerial tramway
to the mill site in Kellogg. By 1893 mining had progressed to the creek level near Wardner, ID where it became evident that continued
operations would require a significant investment to access down dip extension to mineralized veins and bedding. Work began on the eponymous
Kellogg Tunnel during 1893 which was completed in 1902. The tunnel provided access to the 9-Level (2,406 msl) of the mine which became
the main area of operations for the mining operation. A series of shafts provided access down-dip where exploitation of the resource
reached the 28-Level (-1,200 msl). The company began public trading in 1905. In 1912 construction of a lead smelter commenced which became
operational five years later in 1917 followed by an electrolytic zinc smelter in 1927. In 1956 the corporate name was shortened to The
Bunker Hill Company where operations continued until 1968 when, as result of a hostile merger, the Bunker Hill Company became a wholly
owned subsidiary of Gulf Resources and Chemical Corporation. 

In
1981 a decline in metal prices led to a slow-down in operations at the mine and resulted in significant lay-offs. Continued uncertainty
about metal prices, the unlikelihood of winning wage rollbacks from labor, and increasingly stringent environmental regulations contributed
to Gulf Resources decision in August 1981 to close its Bunker Hill operations and put the company up for sale. In 1982 the company
was sold to the Bunker Limited Partnership. BLP reopened the mine while keeping the lead and zinc operations closed. The mine operated
from 1988 to 1991 at which point BLP filed for bankruptcy. On May 1, 1992, mineral rights were transferred to Robert Hopper, owner of
Placer Mining Co., of Bellevue, Washington. 

On
August 28, 2017, Bunker Hill Mining entered into a definitive agreement with Placer Mining Corp. (PMC) on a lease with an option to purchase
the Bunker Hill Mine. The agreement included mining claims, surface rights, fee parcels, mineral interests, existing infrastructure,
machinery and buildings at the Kellogg Tunnel portal in Milo Gulch, or anywhere underground at the Bunker Hill Mine Complex; except exclusions
of the Machine Shop Building and Parcel, unprocessed mineralization on deck and residual lead/zinc mineralization mined and broken, but
not removed from the Bunker Hill Mine. The lease period was able to have been extended a further 12 months at the Company s discretion.
During the term of the lease, the Company was obligated make US 60,000 monthly mining lease payments. Bunker Hill Mining had an option
to purchase the Bunker Assets at any time before the end of the lease for 11M M5.9 cash, M4.9 stock). There were no other royalties
or other encumbrances in the modified lease terms. After the purchase of the Bunker Hill Mine by BHMC on January 7, 2022, the terms and
obligations of the lease have been replaced by the terms of a sale and purchase agreement between PMC and BHMC. 

5.2 
 Historic
 Operations 

The
Bunker Hill lode, in Milo Gulch, was discovered by prospector Noah S. Kellogg on September 9, 1885. Legend has it that Kellogg s
wandering burro found the mineralized outcrop. Grubstaking a prospector was common in the early days of the Coeur d Alene Mining
District and it was under these arrangements that local Murray merchants John T. Cooper and Origin O. Peck outfitted Noah Kellogg when
he set out to look for gold up the South Fork of the Coeur d Alene River in August of 1885. 

Soon
after the discovery, the partners entered into an agreement with Jim Wardner whereby he secured capital for development of the mine and
construction of a mill. After negotiating a contract with Selby Smelting Company to treat the process plant product, Wardner was able
to interest a syndicate who organized the Helena Concentrating Co. This company built the first process plant on the Sullivan side of
the gulch in July of 1886. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 36 

In
1887 Simeon Gannet Reed purchased the claims and process plant for a total of 750,000 and, in partnership with Martin Winch and Noah
Kellogg, incorporated the Bunker Hill and Sullivan Mining and Concentrating Company. The financial headquarters of the company was transferred
to San Francisco in September 1891. The Oregon corporation was dissolved on March 24, 1924, and the company was reincorporated in Delaware.
In 1956 that the name was shortened to The Bunker Hill Company. 

As
the mine production increased, a process plant of larger capacity was needed, and in 1891 a 400 ton (363 tonne) per day process plant
was built in the main valley below the confluence of Milo Creek with the South Fork of the Coeur d Alene River. To transport mineralization
to the process plant, an aerial tramway, with a horizontal length of 10,000 ft (3,048 m), was constructed from Wardner. This tramway
served to transport all mine mineralization until the two-mile (3.2 km) Kellogg Tunnel was completed in 1902. In 1898 the Bunker Hill
and Sullivan Mining and Concentrating Co. and the Alaska Treadwell Company each purchased 31.34 percent of the stock of the Tacoma Smelter
on Puget Sound, rehabilitated the plant, and thereby provided a facility for smelting. When the smelter closed its lead plant in 1912,
lead from the Bunker Hill Mine was shipped to Selby, California, and East Helena, Montana for processing. In 1916 the company began the
construction of a lead smelter at Kellogg which went into operation in July 1917. 

The
Kellogg Tunnel, started in 1893 and completed in 1902, permitted exploration work to take place on the tunnel level and the intervening
ground between the tunnel and the surface. This resulted in the opening up of the Carey and July stopes on the 7th and 8th levels and
the March stope on the tunnel or No. 9 level. These were three of the highest grade and most productive stopes in the history of the
mine. 

At
Kellogg, the company operated the Bunker Hill lead-zinc-silver Mine and the Crescent Silver-Copper Mine, a lead smelter and refinery,
electrolytic zinc reduction plant, cadmium plant, zinc fuming plant, sulfuric acid plant and a phosphoric acid plant. Historically, the
Bunker Hill Mining Company accurately recorded the production grades from individual mining areas. In the early mine life, a portion
of the mining was carried out by contractors or leasers who were paid for the mineral content of the mineralization shipped
to the process plant by sampling each carload of mineralization shipped. Accurate records of their production are documented and represent
the grade of mineralization shipped for processing. 

Pre-development
exploration drilling and assaying was limited the early years of production and accelerated later in the mine s life with a total
sum of over 3500 drill holes representing over 200,000 feet of drilling. Early exploration was primarily done by exploratory drifting
and cross-cutting. Over the course of several years in the late 1970s, a dedicated team of geologists conducted ground-breaking research
on the mineralized controls of the veins. The research for the first time defined distinct stratigraphic horizons in the upper Revett
formation that could be correlated and mapped over distances of thousands of feet. The 1970s research ended shortly before the mine closed,
and the new concepts were never fully applied to exploration. 

5.3 
 Past
 Production 

Total
production from the past-producing Bunker Hill Mine from 1885 through 1981 is 35,779,448 tons (32,458,578.5 t) grading 8.76 lead, 3.67 
zinc and 4.52 oz/ton (155 g/t) silver (Meyer and Springer 1985, Bingham 1985). 

The
largest individual zones include the March with 4,735,795 tons (4,296,242 tonnes) grading 12.03 lead, 2.25 zinc and 5.22 oz/ton (179
g/t) silver, and the Emery with 3,744,798 tons (3,397,224.5 tonnes) grading 10.31 lead, 3.86 zinc and 6.17 oz/ton (211.5 g/t) silver
(Meyer and Springer 1985). 

The
highest-grade silver zones include the Caledonia mine with 263,182 tons grading 12.6 lead and 30.75 oz/ton silver, the Senator Stewart
mine with 1,014,814 tons grading 7.9 lead and 6.34 oz/ton silver, the J-Vein with 1,130,414 tons grading 9.8 lead and 7.59 oz/ton silver,
and the Truman-Ike vein with 1,861,295 tons grading 10.31 lead and 7.47 oz/ ton silver. 

These
historical production figures do not include production from the 18-month period when the mine was re-opened between 1989 and 1991. 

Following
its discovery in 1885, the Bunker Hill Mine operated continuously until 1981, except in times of labor stoppages. The mine was also operated
from 1989 until January 1991 by the Bunker Limited Partnership. 

During
the mine operations, production came from 15 or more separate deposits mined over a vertical range of 4,800 ft (1,463 m) from 3,200 ft
(975 m) above sea level to 1,600 ft (488 m) below sea level. The main entry was through the Kellogg Tunnel at 2,400 ft (732 m) elevation,
(on nine level) and access to deposits below that level was by means of three major inclined shafts and other auxiliary inclines. In
total, well over 100 miles (161 km) of major horizontal openings were maintained, as well as six miles (9.7 km) of shafts and raises. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 37 

Table
5-1 Historical Mine Production by Zone 

Mineral
 Zone 
 
 Final
 Year of Production 
 
 Tons
 Mined 
 
 Pb

Ag
 opt 
 
 Zn

Emery 
 
 1981 
 
 3,744,798 
 
 10.31 
 
 6.17 
 
 3.86 
 
 Truman
 - Ike 
 
 1967 
 
 1,861,295 
 
 9.79 
 
 7.47 
 
 2.10 
 
 Mac 
 
 1981 
 
 1,226,038 
 
 9.58 
 
 5.34 
 
 4.39 
 
 Roger
 (Pb) 
 
 1980 
 
 253, 
 511 
 
 8.20 
 
 3.56 
 
 3.09 
 
 Shea 
 
 1981 
 
 2,088,383 
 
 7.31 
 
 4.27 
 
 3.55 
 
 Tallon 
 
 1980 
 
 1,270,295 
 
 2.13 
 
 1.06 
 
 7.71 
 
 Veral 
 
 1975 
 
 357,765 
 
 8.86 
 
 4.81 
 
 0.43 
 
 Pate 
 
 1967 
 
 322,271 
 
 9.42 
 
 4.36 
 
 6.80 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 1900 
 
 388,060 
 
 8.72 
 
 4.85 
 
 3.25 
 
 Tony 
 
 1979 
 
 362,393 
 
 1.94 
 
 1.24 
 
 9.72 
 
 South
 Chance 
 
 1980 
 
 7,175 
 
 3.41 
 
 1.85 
 
 1.77 
 
 Orr 
 
 1981 
 
 323,359 
 
 5.91 
 
 2.87 
 
 2.24 
 
 Forrest 
 
 1963 
 
 9,273 
 
 2.41 
 
 1.01 
 
 0.43 
 
 Francis 
 
 1981 
 
 972,315 
 
 11.84 
 
 5.68 
 
 4.47 
 
 FW
 Francis 
 
 1981 
 
 117,604 
 
 8.20 
 
 4.47 
 
 1.56 
 
 J 
 
 1980 
 
 1,130,434 
 
 9.88 
 
 7.59 
 
 0.59 
 
 Rosco 
 
 1981 
 
 563,340 
 
 1.60 
 
 1.24 
 
 5.93 
 
 Brown 
 
 1981 
 
 80,846 
 
 1.33 
 
 1.00 
 
 5.35 
 
 New
 Landers 
 
 1981 
 
 78,347 
 
 2.25 
 
 1.30 
 
 3.21 
 
 S.
 Tallon 
 
 1981 
 
 426,694 
 
 0.98 
 
 0.63 
 
 4.42 
 
 Barr 
 
 1981 
 
 254,016 
 
 8.50 
 
 3.76 
 
 0.88 
 
 Frank 
 
 1973 
 
 6,006 
 
 1.00 
 
 0.71 
 
 1.23 
 
 Jersey 
 
 1981 
 
 26,333 
 
 5.88 
 
 2.61 
 
 0.42 
 
 Towers 
 
 1979 
 
 636,033 
 
 13.26 
 
 5.44 
 
 2.46 
 
 Newgard 
 
 1981 
 
 1,204,015 
 
 1.27 
 
 0.72 
 
 3.10 
 
 Small
 Hopes 
 
 1980 
 
 825,634 
 
 2.46 
 
 1.61 
 
 2.98 
 
 Motor 
 
 1904 
 
 30,191 
 
 5.77 
 
 2.71 
 
 1.60 
 
 Dobbins 
 
 1976 
 
 429,656 
 
 12.05 
 
 4.64 
 
 3.09 
 
 Atkins 
 
 1981 
 
 245,323 
 
 3.44 
 
 2.06 
 
 5.49 
 
 Dull 
 
 1977 
 
 191 
 
 1.12 
 
 1.37 
 
 3.90 
 
 Guy 
 
 1946 
 
 99,105 
 
 3.76 
 
 1.84 
 
 14.26 
 
 Quill 
 
 1981 
 
 388,462 
 
 2.26 
 
 1.34 
 
 4.32 
 
 Henry 
 
 1979 
 
 35,172 
 
 7.83 
 
 5.08 
 
 1.90 
 
 Steve 
 
 1981 
 
 18,884 
 
 1.90 
 
 1.01 
 
 8.45 
 
 Roger
 (2n) 
 
 1979 
 
 665,549 
 
 2.64 
 
 1.50 
 
 7.24 
 
 Stanley 
 
 1957 
 
 1,891,285 
 
 7.80 
 
 3.30 
 
 9.23 
 
 March 
 
 1936 
 
 4,735,765 
 
 12.03 
 
 5.22 
 
 2.25 
 
 Dobbins
 Cave 
 
 1953 
 
 22,705 
 
 2.17 
 
 0.85 
 
 0.63 
 
 Guy
 Cave 
 
 1953 
 
 1,039,020 
 
 0.93 
 
 0.40 
 
 1.94 
 
 -9
 Level Miscellaneous Pb 
 
 1970 
 
 2,725,251 
 
 12.80 
 
 5.99 
 
 2.62 
 
 +3
 Level Misc Pb 
 
 1914 
 
 917,940 
 
 12.90 
 
 6.19 
 
 1.04 
 
 4
 Level Misc Pb 
 
 1917 
 
 350,191 
 
 10.57 
 
 5.18 
 
 1.55 
 
 5
 Level Misc Pb 
 
 1919 
 
 600,573 
 
 10.82 
 
 5.62 
 
 1.57 
 
 6
 Level Misc Pb 
 
 1943 
 
 580,676 
 
 11.20 
 
 5.52 
 
 2.26 
 
 7
 Level Misc Pb 
 
 1926 
 
 478,687 
 
 11.34 
 
 4.21 
 
 1.69 
 
 8
 Level Misc Pb 
 
 1942 
 
 1,849,625 
 
 12.38 
 
 5.44 
 
 4.90 
 
 9
 Level Misc Pb 
 
 1922 
 
 135,042 
 
 13.61 
 
 6.10 
 
 2.60 
 
 Miscellaneous
 (Zn) 
 
 1968 
 
 44 
 
 0.19 
 
 0.32 
 
 0.54 
 
 Miscellaneous
 [Pb-Zn) 
 
 1958 
 
 1,560 
 
 3.70 
 
 2.20 
 
 1.40 
 
 Andy 
 
 1970 
 
 22,318 
 
 1.16 
 
 0.92 
 
 6.35 
 
 Total
 Mine Production 

35,799,448 
 
 8.84 
 
 4.55 
 
 3.66 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 38 

5.4 Historic
 Mining at Bunker Hill 

The
primary access to the Bunker Hill Mine is the 10,000-foot (3,048 m) Kellogg Tunnel at the 9 Level elevation. A shaft extends down to
the 31 level with the 29 level being the deepest developed level. The 29 level is 4,000 ft (1,220 m) below the Kellogg Tunnel. Over the
100 years of production, various mining methods have been used at the past producing Bunker Hill Mine. These include: 

Square
 set cut and fill; 

Captive
 cut and fill with classified mine tailings as backfill (below 8 Level only); 

Shrinkage
 mining without backfill (above 8 Level); 

Sub-level
 blast hole (Long hole) mining; 

Sub-level
 caving (Guy Cave) 

Square-set
cut and fill was likely the original mining method from the 1880s. The veins were mined with sets of timbers used as ground support which
were then buried by sand fill pumped down from the surface. After backfilling, the next level above the sand was mined. The broken material
was slushed to chutes where it dropped into passes to the level below. In other areas, a pillar mining method was used. Instead of timber
as support, rib pillars were established. Sand fill was pumped in to provide the floor for the next cut. As the material was blasted,
compressed air operated mucking machines transported it to a chute in the stope where it dropped into a pass to the lower level. 

In
the upper areas of the mine, sub-level blasthole stoping was used. Trackless equipment was used to cut levels at 40 foot (12.2 m) spacing.
Long holes were drilled in the pillars between levels. The holes were blasted, allowing the material to fall to the bottom of the stope,
where it was scooped by LHDs, which, depending on the area of the mine, either transported it to passes connected to the mine rail haulage
system or place it on trucks for transport directly to the surface. 

For
mining areas above the Kellogg Tunnel, broken material was hauled by trackless equipment to one of two central passes which stored the
material until it could be chute loaded into the main track haulage system operating in the Kellogg Tunnel. 

For
mining areas below the Kellogg Tunnel, trains powered by battery locomotives transported the material to bins located at the inclined
hoisting shaft. In the shaft, skips were loaded and hoisted to skip dumps located above the Kellogg Tunnel level where the material was
dumped into two large concrete bins until it could be chute loaded into the main track haulage system operating in the Kellogg Tunnel.
Drawn from these storage areas by gravity, the material was chute loaded into 22 car trains pulled by 15-ton diesel locomotive and trammed
two miles (3.2 km) to the surface process plant bins. The material was then processed by the Bunker Hill process plant to produce concentrates. 

After
1970, diesel-powered equipment was utilized in parts of the lower mine to improve productivity and access to selected areas. In 1972,
major production was resumed using bulk mining methods in the upper mine (above 9 Level), the portion above the Kellogg Tunnel, which
had not been worked since the 1930s. The upper mine was partially mechanized with diesel equipment. This area of the mine produced approximately
7,000 tons (6,350 tonnes) per week (45 of total mine production) through April 1977. The upper mine was then placed on a care and maintenance
basis pending improvement in the zinc market. Some production was obtained from the upper mine in the period 1978 to 1981 by extracting
previously broken mineralization. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 39 

Following
a 1977 strike, the lower mine resumed operations at a production rate of approximately 9,000 tons (8,165 tonnes) per week. Through April
1977, the flotation process plant operated on a three-shift basis, seven days a week, at approximately its full capacity milling rate
of 2,300 tons (2,087 tonnes) per day. The concentrates produced were transported to Bunker Hill Mining Company s lead smelter and
zinc plant by railway. 

The
Mine and Smelter Complex were closed in 1981 as result of weak commodity prices, failure to renew labor contract, and increased environmental
regulation. The Bunker Hill lead smelter, electrolytic zinc plant and historic milling facilities were demolished about 25 years ago,
and the area became part of the National Priority List for cleanup under EPA regulations, thereby pausing development of
the Bunker Hill Mine for over 30 years. All of the cleanup of the old smelter, zinc plant, and associated sites has now been completed. 

The
Bunker Hill Mine main level is the nine level and is connected to the surface by the Kellogg Tunnel. Three major inclined shafts with
associated hoists and hoistrooms are located on the nine level. These are the No. 1 shaft, which was used for primary muck hoisting for
all locations below the nine level; the No. 2 shaft, which was a primary shaft for men and materials in the main part of the mine; and
the No. 3 Shaft, which was used for men and materials hoisting for development in the northwest part of the mine. The Company believes
that all three shafts remain in a condition that they are repairable and can be bought back into good working order and is in the process
of beginning the engineering work to evaluate the strategic optionality of this infrastructure. 

The
water level in the mine is held at approximately the 11 level of the mine, 400 ft (122 m) below the nine level. The mine was historically
developed to the 29 level, although the 27 level was the last major level that underwent significant development and past mining. 

5.5 Historic
 Drilling 

Over
the 100-year history of active operations at Bunker Hill over 3,500 drill holes were drilled, logged and assayed. The first drillhole
was drilled on the 5 level in 1889. All drill hole information including assays, lithology, and structure was recorded in hand-written
drill logs. Bunker Hill has painstakingly digitized the entire body of historic drill hole data and created a digital drill hole database.
During the digitization process a collection of assay pulps was located and able to be associated with a subset of the historic drill
holes. These pulps were re-assayed and compared to the historic assay data to verify the accuracy of the assay information, details of
which can be found in this report. 

5.6 Historical
 Estimates 

Mining
operations ceased in January 1991. The Property hosted historical estimates which were categorized using categories other than those
set out in 229.1302(d)(1)(iii)(A) (Item 1302(d)(1)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K). Estimates were categorized as Proven Reserves, Probable
Reserves, Possible Reserves and Drill-Indicated Reserves. The main difference between the Historical Estimate classifications and classifications
that are reserves stated in accordance with 229.1302(e)(2) (Item 1302(e)(2) of Regulation S-K) are based on the conversion of resources
to reserves. Historically, US mining operations such as Bunker Hill were prohibited from disclosing resources. 

Proven
Reserves. Mineralization is Proven when it has been so exposed by development that its existence as to tonnage and tenor is of a
high degree of certainty. A block developed and sampled on two or more sides in which continuity is established to the satisfaction of
the mine s technical staff will be considered proven. Similarly, a block developed and sampled on one side as by horizontal or
vertical development through which continuity can be established, will be considered proven for a distance of 50 feet (15.25 m) from
that development. 

Probable
Reserves. Mineralization is assigned to the Probable category when its continuity can be reasonably projected beyond the proven classification
boundary. A Probable block extends between Proven blocks provided the distance between them does not exceed 100 feet (30.5 m). For a
block developed on one side as by horizontal or vertical development and/or close spaced diamond drilling, the total of Proven and Probable
mineralization will not exceed 100 feet (30.5 m) from the sampled side. 

Possible
Reserves. Mineralization is considered to be in the Possible category when its continuity can be reasonably expected to extend beyond
the Probable boundary. A Possible block extends between Probable boundaries provided the distance between Probable Blocks does not exceed
200 feet (61 m). For a block developed on one side as by horizontal or vertical development and/or close spaced diamond drilling, the
total of Proven, Probable and Possible will not exceed 200 feet (61 m) from the sampled development. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 40 

Meyer
(1990) included mineralized material in the historical estimates on the basis of a cut-off equivalent to the production cost of mining.
This was established at 23.00 per ton for material mined below the nine level. For material mined above the nine level the production
cost was set at 20.00 per ton. Metals prices used were 0.40 / lb. for lead, 5.00/oz for silver and 0.65/lb for zinc. Net smelter
values were calculated for the three metals using the then current metallurgical recoveries and net smelter payable values. Meyer s
(1990, 1991) historical estimates were calculated by the following method: Volumes (and subsequent tonnage) were calculated by vertical
projection from level plans of mined out areas. Grades were calculated by averaging the grades on the stope assay map from which the
projections were made. The Bunker Hill Mine was an active mine at the time of Meyer s estimations and the procedures used were
consistent with mineralization estimates made in other similar operations. 

Meyer
(1990) has reported on the historical estimate for the Bunker Hill Mine as of July 1, 1990. Meyer s (1990) report estimated that
proven and probable reserves totaled 8,266,430 tons (7,499,181 tonnes) grading 2.13 lead, 1.12 oz/ton (38.4 g/t) silver and 4.73 zinc.
Possible reserves totaled 2,588,081 tons (2,347,868 tonnes) grading 2.55 lead, 1.39 oz/ton (47.7 g/t) silver and 4.48 zinc. The possible
 reserves included drill indicated material at the Quill and Guy Cave zones. 

Meyer
(1991) estimated the historical estimates for the Bunker Hill Mine as of January 1, 1991. Meyer s (1991) report estimated that
historical proven and probable reserves totaled 5,421,387 tons (4,918,200 tonnes) grading 2.46 lead, 1.37 oz/ton (47.0 g/t) silver and
5.17 zinc. Possible reserves totaled 3,719,722 tons (3,374,475 tonnes) grading 2.20 lead, 1.17 oz/ton (40.1 g/t) silver and 4.94 zinc.
The possible reserves included drill indicated material at the Quill and Guy Cave zones. 

RDA
has reviewed supporting documentation including the date of the historical reserve estimate and the reliability of the estimate. The
key assumptions, parameters and methods used to prepare the historic estimates have been reviewed, verified and are understood. The Historic
Estimate used categories other than those classified in accordance with 229.1302(e)(2) (Item 1302(e)(2) of Regulation S-K), which
are disclosed in this TRS. There are no more recent mineral historic resource estimates available. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 41 

6 Geological
 Setting and Mineralization 

6.1 Regional
 Geology 

6.1.1 Region
 Stratigraphy 

The
Northern Idaho Panhandle Region in which the Bunker Hill Property is located is underlain by the Middle Proterozoic-aged Belt-Purcell
Supergroup of fine-grained, dominantly siliciclastic sedimentary rocks which extends from western Montana (locally named the Belt Supergroup)
to southern British Columbia (Locally named the Purcell Supergroup) and is collectively over 23,000 feet in total stratigraphic thickness.
The Belt-Purcell Supergroup comprises, from oldest to youngest: 

Black,
 pyritic argillites of the Pritchard formation, up to 13,100 ft thick. 

Quartzites,
 siltite, and argillites of the Ravalli Group, subdivided into the Burke, Revett and St. Regis formations, up to 8,200 ft total thickness.
 The Revett formation is the almost exclusive host unit to mineralization at Bunker Hill. 

Shallow-water
 dolomitic quartzites and arenaceous dolomites of the Middle Belt Carbonate Group, up to 6,560 ft thick. 

Interbedded
 quartzites and argillites of the Missoula Group, up to 1,640 ft thick. 

Figure
6-1 Stratigraphic section of Belt-Purcell Supergroup across northern Idaho and western Montana. Mineral deposits noted in red at stratigraphic
position of host rocks (from Lyndon, 2007). 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 42 

Figure
6-2 Geologic map of Shoshone County, clipped and centered on Coeur d Alene Mining District, Bunker Hill Mine highlighted in red
(IGS 2002). 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 43 

The
sediments of the Belt-Purcell rocks were deposited in an intra-cratonic basin associated with rifting in the interior of the Rodinia
Supercontinent. As no known volcanism is associated with this rifting, it appears to be related to lithospheric tension and not the ascent
of a magmatic plume in the crust shoving overlying sediments aside, making it a passive rather than an active rift system (Lyndon, 2007). 

Contacts
between rock units and progression between lithologies show a continuously aggrading sequence of deposition, largely from flooding in
fluvial and tidal systems, with no erosional contacts or large-scale channel-scouring bedforms. This indicates deposition in a low-energy,
shallow-water environment in a rapidly subsiding, sediment-starved basin with ample accommodation space for sediment inflow. Carbonate
units in the Supergroup show periodic connections between the depositional basin and the open ocean allowed for shallow flooding of the
entire basin by seawater, although lack of tidal and wave scouring textures or transgressive-regressive depositional and erosional sequences
indicate that the connection was never large enough for transmission of tidal or oceanic storm forces. 

Individual
sedimentary beds and units within the Belt-Purcell Supergroup do not display strong lateral continuity, reflecting active subsidence
in the basin and varying sediment sources. Thickening of the stratigraphic units to the south suggests that the basin in which they were
deposited was growing at depth and laterally with down-to-the-south normal fault movement of crustal blocks within the basin (White,
1977). Sources for sediments have been identified as coming from the south and southwest for the majority of the life of the Basin. 

Burial
of the Belt Basin under later sedimentary and igneous rock packages, all now eroded away, lithified and preserved the entire stratigraphic
section. Deep burial resulted in low-grade metamorphism, fusing the grains of sandstone together into hard, competent quartzites, and
altering clay-rich shales into argillites and siltites (Herendon, 1983). Age dates for deposition of the Belt rocks have been established
at 1400-1470 million years ago from U-Pb age dating of detrital volcanic zircon grains (Hobbs, et al, 1965). 

6.1.2 Regional
 Structure 

The
rocks of the Belt Supergroup have been subjected to a complex series of deformational events over the 1.4 billion years since deposition,
with the focal point of many of these forces roughly underlying the current Coeur D Alene Mining District CDA ).
Regardless of which detailed geologic interpretation one chooses to define individual deposits, it is clear that the rocks have seen
a complex structural history of folding, shearing and faulting that have given the entire District a deep-seated plumbing system for
ascending, mineral-bearing hydrothermal fluids. 

The
following figures and much of the interpretation are taken from United States Geologic Survey Professional Paper 478: Geology of the
Coeur d Alene District, Shoshone County, Idaho (Hobbs, et al 1965). Structure-1 through Structure-6 are the insets showing progression
of structural events in Figure 6-3 and Figure 6-4 below. 

The
first structural event to affect the Belt Rocks in the CDA D1 was compressive forces coming from the southwest and northeast
which formed northwest oriented anticline and syncline pairs with a moderate plunge to the northwest, with local overturned folds and
thrust faulting (Fig 7-4: Structure-1). Following the formation of the NW trending folds, crustal stresses changed from SW-NE compression
to west-northwest and east-southeast ductile shearing D2 ). This bent and rotated the limbs of the D1 folds, creating kink-folds
along the axial planes (Fig 7-4: Structure-2). 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 44 

Figure
6-3- (1 of 2) Diagrammatic sequence of large-scale events in the structural history of CDA District rocks 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 45 

Folding
and rotation continued to intensify in a structural knot centered over the current CDA Mining District, with incipient strike-slip faulting
beginning to accommodate stress within the plunging hinges and along the axial planes of the D2 folds and rotation centers (Fig 7-4,
Structure-3). This was followed by emplacement of monzonite stocks in elongate bodies, roughly parallel to the rotated N-S fold axes,
north of the ancestral Osburn Fault (Fig 7-4, Structure-4). These monzonite stocks have been dated at roughly 100 million years old by
lead-alpha methods (Hobbs, et al, 1965), placing them in the same Cretaceous age range as the rocks of the Atlanta and Bitterroot lobes
of the Idaho Batholith to the south. Much of the mineralization in the CDA Mining District was likely emplaced during this episode of
maximum folding and stretching, along with the added heat source of the intrusions. Although there have been many theories regarding
the timing, formation and source of mineralization in the CDA Mining District over the 140 years of mining and exploration, the culmination
of fold intensity and intrusive emplacement agrees with most all further, more-detailed interpretations. 

With
continued crustal stresses, discontinuous fractures propagated through the stratigraphic section to become through-going structures.
Ductile folding of the rock package ceased as strike-slip movement along these W-NW striking faults accommodated crustal stresses (Fig
7-4, Structure-5). This corridor corresponds with the Lewis and Clark Structural Zone, a long-lived, apparently basement-rooted, westerly
trending structural zone cutting across northern Idaho and western Montana (White 2015). Further movement along these westerly faults
coalesced into the Osburn Fault, the major structure throughout the Silver Valley and CDA District, which at present position shows as
much as 16 miles of right-lateral, strike-slip displacement. The Structure-6 inset in Figure 6-4 shows the current position of the fold
axes, faults and intrusive bodies. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 46 

Figure
6-4 (2 of 2) Diagrammatic sequence of large-scale events in the structural history of CDA District rocks Property Geology 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 47 

Figure
6-5 Surface geology over Bunker Hill Mine. (White and Juras 1976) 

6.1.3 Local
 Stratigraphy 

Mineralization
at the Bunker Hill Mine is hosted almost exclusively in the Upper Revett formation of the Ravalli Group, a part of the Belt Supergroup
of Middle Proterozoic-aged, fine-grained sediments (Figure 6-5). As the Middle and Lower Units of the Revett formation and the stratigraphically
overlying St. Regis formations do not host appreciable mineralization, mine geologists at Bunker Hill did not spend a great deal of time
mapping or interpreting these units. As this is still the case as far as known mineralization or exploration targets, the local rock
package is restricted to the Upper Revett formation sediments. One west-northwest striking mafic dike has been noted on mine maps in
development drifts to the north of any known mineralization, but little is known of this feature and no mineralization or alteration
is associated with it. 

Given
the ubiquitous fine-grained nature of Belt Group sediments in the CDA District, putting together a proper stratigraphic section had always
proved enigmatic to area geologists, with correlation between adjacent mines difficult due to discontinuity of units and differences
in nomenclature. It was recognized that there are fairly abrupt lateral gradations of compositions and textures within the stratigraphic
package, reflecting active subsidence of the Belt Basin and the changing influx of sediments. As has long been informally recognized
by mine operators in the Bunker Hill area, preferential host rocks for mineralization are the more competent quartzite units within the
Upper Revett formation. 

For
much of the history of the Bunker Hill, mining focused on mineralized zones and veins that outcropped on surface, and so little geologic
knowledge was needed to find or follow these structures. By the mid 1970 s, these large mineral bodies (such as the March) had
been mined out, and the Company had to develop an exploration plan to locate additional resources. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 48 

Following
extensive mapping, measured stratigraphic sections and comparison with drill core and mine level mapping during a research program in
the 1970 s, Brian White developed a detailed stratigraphic section for the Upper Revett formation in the immediate Bunker Hill
Mine area that greatly simplified interpretations of structural offsets and eliminated needless ranges of description for rocks of the
same lithologic facies (Figure 6-6). 

White
delineated the rocks in the Bunker Hill Mine area into three lithologic types: 

Q Quartzite: fine-grained, clean and well sorted with a vitreous appearance on fractures, almost entirely quartz with minor feldspar, thick
bedded to massive, local crossbedding. Quartz grains fully fused, continuous metal streak with nail scratcher, ideal host to mineralization.
Generally white to light gray color. 

SQ Sericitic Quartzite: dominantly fine-grained quartz sand protolith, feldspar and clay content altered and mobilized to interstitial sericite
during burial metamorphism. Fairly competent, intermittent streak with metal scratcher, thick to thin bedded, decent to marginal host
rock to mineralization. Light to dark gray in color, distinct light green-gray in weathered outcrop. 

(SA)
 Siltite-Argillite: anything that is a dominantly mud, silt or clay protolith, representing a distinct lower-energy, deeper water
depositional facies than the shallow-water to sub-aerial, relatively high-energy quartzite units. Thin, planar bedding with local ripple
marks and sediment loading textures. Very poor host rock for mineralization unless cut obliquely by vein structures. Highly variable
color, generally shades of green with occasional shades or red and purple. 

A
series of distinct sediment packages were identified in the Upper Revett formation across the mine workings. From bottom to top of the
section (Figure 6-6), these are the: 

Lower
 L-0 though L-6 quartzites 

Middle
 M-1 siltite-argillite, M-2 quartzite and M-3 siltite-argillite 

Upper
 U-1,2,3,4 and 5 quartzites and U-6 siltite-argillite 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 49 

Figure
6-6 Stratigraphic section of Revett formation in Bunker Hill area (White, 1976) 

Geologic
mapping and interpretation progressed by leaps and bounds following the recognition of a predictable stratigraphic section at the Bunker
Hill Mine and enabled the measurement of specific offsets across major faults, discussed in the following section. From an exploration
and mining perspective, there were two critical conclusions from this research: all significant mineralized shoots are hosted in quartzite
units where they are cut by vein structures, and the location of the quartzite units can be projected up and down section, and across
fault offsets, to targets extensions and offsets of known mineralized shoots and veins. 

An
example of mine level mapping from Bunker Hill Level 17 is shown in Figure 6-7 below. Quartzite packages are the orange-colored units,
and the outline of mine workings is in black along the right half of the image. As one can see from the drill holes shown in the center
with lithology logging drawn on, exploration efforts in the 1970 s were targeting quartzite units at fold hinges and intersections
with mineralized structures. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 50 

Figure
6-7 Geologic Map of Bunker Hill Mine 17 Level showing quartzite units and exploration drill holes 

6.1.4 Local
 Geologic Structure 

The
rocks of the Bunker Hill Mine have a very complex geologic history, as described in Section 6.1.2 of this report. On a mine scale, many
of the regional patterns are evident in local folding and fault offsets. 

6.1.4.1 Folding 

The
oldest structural feature evident on the Property is the Tyler Ridge flexure, the anticlinal portion of a parasitic fold on the north
flank of a large-scale, northwest-trending fold to the southwest that formed from the D1 event. This fold originally trended W-NW, and
plunged gently NW (Juras, 1977). 

The
next significant structural event to affect the rocks was the upwarping of the Big Creek anticline, an E-W trending fold with a slight
dip E. The rocks of Bunker Hill are in the north limb of this anticline, which has been overturned to the north due to compressive stress
from the south. The axial plane of the Tyler Ridge Flexure has thus been rotated to plunge to the W-NW at -20 to -35 degrees (Figure
6-8), and the local bedding rotated to be overturned and dipping steeply to the S-SW (Juras, 1977). The Bunker Hill Mine workings lie
in the north limb of both the Flexure and the Big Creek Anticline, and mineralization roughly parallels the plunge of the apex of the
Tyler Ridge Flexure. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 51 

Figure
6-8 Isometric view of Vulcan 3D model of L-0 through U-5 Quartzite units, looking nearly down-plunge on the Tyler Ridge Flexure axial
plane, shown as red lines offset by faults. Only Cate fault is shown for simplicity. 

Structural
preparation in the form of brecciation along the apexes of folds, bedding-plane shearing and faulting, axial planar fracturing, and flexural
cracks in quartzite beds of the Upper Revett formation during these two structural events, shown diagrammatically in Figure 6-9 below,
was undoubtably critical for the emplacement of mineralization. Some workers have concluded that mineralization at Bunker Hill was emplaced
contemporaneously with these folding events. Reports by Dwight Juras (1977, 2020) have indicated that siderite-pyrite-sphalerite veins
(Bluebird Veins) formed during this W-NW folding event, and later, cross-cutting argentiferous galena-chalcopyrite-pyrite-quartz veins
(Galena-Quartz Veins) were emplaced during formation of the E-W trending, north-verging Big Creek Anticline. Others have argued that
metals in the CDA District sourced from a shear-zone type base metal + silver mineralizing system, similar to a shear-zone hosted gold
deposit, associated with later movement in the Lewis and Clark Structural Zone, with mineralizing fluids taking advantage of the same
structural preparation in the quartzite host rocks (White 1994, 2015). 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 52 

Figure
6-9 Diagram of structural preparation of a quartzite bed from folding stresses (Juras and Duff, 2020) 

6.1.4.2 Faulting 

The
district-scale Osburn Fault lies immediately to the north of the Bunker Hill Mine workings, striking E-W and dipping steeply south. This
fault has had the most recent and significant movement in the CDA District, with up to 16 miles of right-lateral displacement. Because
of this movement, and the likely rotation of other fault surfaces and bedding that are cut by it, many of the faults at Bunker Hill appear,
in plan view, to be S-SE horsetail splays out of the Osburn Fault (Figure 6-5). This is not the case however, as the other faults in
the Mine area pre-date the Osburn Fault and resulted from entirely separate and different stress regimes. 

The
oldest faults at Bunker Hill are N-NW striking, flat to gently SW dipping, and have from 100-1600 ft of reverse offset, generally to
the north or east (Towers, Motor, Sierra Nevada and others). These structures host vein mineralization in some areas where crossing preferential
quartzite units, but otherwise cut and offset all vein types in the mine (Juras and Duff, 2020). These are the least understood of the
faults at the mine, as it is difficult to represent flat-lying structures with traditional geologic mapping methods, and difficult to
drill-test these structures from mine workings at similar elevations. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 53 

Figure
6-10 Cross-section A-A looking W-NW, not to scale (White and Juras 1976). Darker orange is quartzite bed in Upper Revett Formation. 

The
next faulting event is a series of steeply W-NW striking, south-dipping normal faults with significant offset down to the south. The
most prominent of these, the Kruger, Slavonian and Dull Faults from east to west (Figure 6-10, Slavonian and Dull are unlabeled fault
traces between Kruger and Cate Faults), each have +1000 ft of displacement, and combined with other subparallel faults, the total displacement
across these structures is estimated at more than 6000 ft (Farmin, 1977). These faults run subparallel to bedding in the Upper Revett
formation, generally staying in the same siltite-argillite bed for great distances until they cross a structural inflection and jump
up or down in the section. This factor, along with conspicuously thin zones and limited fault gouge given the amount of displacement,
indicates these are largely bedding-slip faults resulting from differential movement between beds during folding. There is a similar
set of faults in the hanging wall of the younger Cate Reverse Fault (Marblehead, Buckeye, Ibex and others) that also show down-to-the-south,
normal-fault offset. These are likely directly related to the faults in the footwall of the Cate Fault, at least in age and genesis,
but the large reverse offset along the Cate Fault has obscured this relationship. 

The
youngest and most prominent major fault in the Mine is the Cate Fault, a NW-striking, SW-dipping reverse fault with 400 vertical feet
of up-to-the-north displacement and some rotational movement (Figure 6-8). This fault likely formed at the waning stages of the northward-verging
folding that produced the Big Creek Anticline and seems to have accommodated a transition from ductile to brittle deformation, possibly
due to a shallower depth within the crust after up-warping from folding. The Cate Fault is younger than all major folds, faults and veins
in the Mine. Movement along the Cate Fault, and more recent movement along the Osburn Fault, has caused slight remobilization along many
older structures, resulting in small-scale structural textures that have been troublesome to placing actual structural events in the
proper chronological order. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 54 

Much
of the historic production at Bunker Hill came from W-NW trending, SW dipping veins with sphalerite-pyrite-siderite mineralization Bluebird
Veins and hybrid mineral bodies where these veins are cut by later NE striking, SE dipping Galena-Quartz Veins, discussed in
next section. Because the Cate Fault follows the trend of the Bluebird Veins, it was thought that the Cate Fault and related structures
were the plumbing and driving mechanism behind vein emplacement for the first 90 years of mining. Geologic studies towards the end of
major mining operations at Bunker Hill in the late 1970 s established that movement along the major faults mapped on surface and
underground cuts and offsets all know types of mineralization (Juras 1977). 

6.1.4.3 Veining 

The
Bunker Hill Mine has largely exploited mineralization that, in a general sense, can be defined as vein deposits. These will be discussed
in detail in the following section of this report but are also included here to provide proper structural context. The vein deposits
can be divided into two groups based on cross-cutting relationships, orientation and mineralogy (Juras and Duff, 2020): 

Bluebird
Veins: Earlier event, W-NW striking, SW-dipping (Figure 6-11), variable ratio of sphalerite-pyrite-siderite mineralization. Associated
with axial planar fracturing, flexural cracks, and brecciation in quartzite beds along the hinge line of W-NW trending folds. Where mined,
these are thick, tabular zones that have abrupt but gradational margins, with fairly solid zones of sulfide mineralization laterally
grading to mineralized sheeted fractures and thin stringers along bedding in adjacent sediments. These Stringer zones can
be large enough to constitute economic mineralization, as in the Guy Cave, UTZ, Newgard and Quill Zones, but they reflect a second-order
control on mineralization. 

Galena-Quartz
Veins: E to NE striking, S to SE dipping (Figure 6-11), quartz-argentiferous galena +/- siderite-sphalerite-chalcopyrite veins, sinuous-planar
with sharp margins, cross-cut Bluebird Veins. Large, Hybrid mineralized zones are formed at the intersection of Galena-Quartz Veins with
Bluebird Veins, where the Bluebird Vein is enriched in lead and silver by the replacement of siderite by galena. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 55 

Figure
6-11 Bunker Hill Mine workings with 3D vein models showing difference between Bluebird and Galena-Quartz Vein systems and location of
hybrid mineralized zones. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 56 

6.2 Mineralization 

The
Coeur d Alene (CDA) Mining District has produced phenomenal quantities of silver, lead and zinc, with significant copper, antimony
and cadmium byproducts, and a peripheral belt of small gold deposits to the north. This production has come from a spectrum of deposits
that reflect the varying structural, pressure-temperature and geochemical characteristics of the mineralizing systems. Mineralization
at Bunker Hill has similarities to other mines in the District such as the Sunshine, Crescent and Galena, but represents a distinct suite
of structural controls and mineralogy that is probably part of a large-scale zonation pattern. 

The
Bunker Hill Mine workings extend 8,600 feet along strike of the overturned beds of the Upper Revett formation that host the mineralization,
extending 7,000 feet downdip parallel to the axial plane of the plunging anticline, covering 5,200 vertical feet from ~3,500 ft msl to
-1,700 ft msl. More than 30 individually named deposits were mined historically in separate stopes, with two distinct types of deposits
exploited: tabular Bluebird (BB) zones that parallel bedding and are associated with the fold structures, and later Galena-Quartz (GQ)
Veins cutting through bedding with sharp walls. The Bluebird Deposits, such as the March, have been mined for up to 1,400 ft along strike,
4,000 ft downdip, covering 2,400 ft in elevation, with thicknesses of the generally tabular zones up to 150 ft. Galena-Quartz Veins were
historically mined along strike lengths of up to 800 ft, and downdip up to 3,700 ft, with mined thicknesses from 5-15 ft. 

Virtually
all modern metal production at Bunker Hill has come from lead (galena) and zinc sulfide (sphalerite) mineralization, with silver a by-product
of lead refining. Historic production in the upper levels of some of the GQ veins came from tetrahedrite (copper-iron-antimony sulfosalt,
silver can substitute for copper to create very high Ag values) and cerussite mineralization (lead carbonate, surface weathering product
of galena), and silver values in these working likely had some degree of supergene enrichment. 

Stopes
on the Jersey vein at Bunker Hill encountered oxidized lead-silver mineralization with abundant world-class pyromorphite crystals near
their northern extent. Attempts were made to process this material through an oxide circuit at the mill, but the attempts proved to be
non-economic. The pyromorphite zone was mined for mineral specimens after the close of major mining operations, and fine pieces from
this are undoubtably some of, if not the highest value-per-ton material that has ever been extracted at Bunker Hill, gracing cabinets
at most prestigious mineral museums across the world. 

Mineralization
at Bunker Hill falls in four categories, described below from oldest to youngest events: 

Bluebird
Veins BB ): W NW striking, SW-dipping (Figure 6-11), variable ratio of sphalerite-pyrite-siderite mineralization.
Thick, tabular cores with gradational margins bleeding out along bedding and fractures. 

Stringer/Disseminated
Zones: Disseminated, fracture controlled and bedding controlled blebs and stringer mineralization associated with Bluebird Structures,
commonly as halos to vein-like bodies or as isolated areas where brecciated quartzite beds are intersected by the W-NW structure and
fold fabrics. 

Galena-Quartz
Veins GQ ): E to NE striking, S to SE dipping (Figure 6-11), quartz-argentiferous galena +/- siderite-sphalerite-chalcopyrite-tetrahedrite
veins, sinuous-planar with sharp margins, cross-cut Bluebird Veins. 

Hybrid
Zones: Formed at intersections where GQ veins cut BB veins (Figure 6-11), with open space deposition of sulfides and quartz in the
vein refraction in quartzite beds, and replacement of siderite in the BB vein structure by argentiferous galena from the GQ Vein. 

Mining
efforts at Bunker Hill focused on different types of mineralization as discovery, technology and metal prices demanded and allowed. Early
mining in the late 1800 s was focused on outcropping or near-surface, silver-rich Hybrid Zones and Galena-Quartz Veins. With the
construction of a lead smelter in 1917 and an electrolytic zinc recovery plant in the 1920 s, the Company began to mine larger
tonnage, zinc-dominant Bluebird zones such as the Guy Cave and the UTZ, Quill and Newgard Zones. All galena at Bunker Hill is argentiferous,
and the vast majority of the silver that has been recovered over the life of the mine has come from smelting galena. Silver-rich tetrahedrite
(freibergite) has been found in some of the shoots on the GQ veins but has not been a major constituent of the overall tonnage. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 57 

The
four types of mineral zones listed above are truly only two separate structural events: the NW trending Bluebird Veins and the E-NE trending
Galena-Quartz Veining. Initial 3D modeling (Rangefront Technical Services 2020) and structural + mineral zonation analysis (Juras and
Duff, 2020) has indicated the various vein segments are likely post-mineral offsets of two vein systems that initially comprised four
distinct Bluebird Veins and three to five Galena-Quartz Veins. 

Although
the mineralogy of the two vein types is distinct, and there are significant differences in vein textures and structures that are not
germane to this report, the physical mechanism of both types of mineralization is sulfide minerals filling open spaces (Duff, personal
communication, 2020). The creation of intra-bed open space by differential movement of a folded rock package leading to a structurally
prepared host rock, as shown in Figure 6-9, is one of the main theories regarding the origins of mineralization along these structures
(Juras and Duff, 2020). 

Quartzite
is the primary host to mineralization in all vein types, deposited in open-space caused by refraction of the vein structure as it passes
from softer siltite-argillite packages into quartzite units. The vein deflects to cross the quartzite unit more orthogonally, bending
to normal with the bedding plane, in essence decreasing the length of quartzite that needs to fracture to continue propagation. Mineralizing
fluids ascending the vein structure deposited sulfides in the open-spaces and pressure shadow created by these refractions. Although
the veins are commonly mineralized to some degree along their entire length, economic shoots in historic mining operations were largely
hosted in these dilated zones in quartzite beds, with the shoot plunging up and down at an orientation defined by the intersection between
the vein and bedding (Juras and Duff, 2020). 

Figure
6-12 Plan view and cross-sectional diagram of formation of mineralized shoot along vein in quartzite unit where rheologic contrast between
argillite and quartzite causes refraction of vein surface (Juras, 1977) 

The
largest historically mined stopes were on Hybrid Zones such as the March, which was mined for more than 40 straight years (Figure 6-11).
The large size reflects the open space available to mineralizing fluids, in the form of the refraction shoot created in the quartzite
as shown above, and the replacement of siderite (iron carbonate) in the original Bluebird Vein by argentiferous galena from the Galena-Quartz
Vein. This essentially replaces portions of the Bluebird vein that are non-metal bearing with lead-silver mineralization, while leaving
the zinc deposited during the BB vein event, creating high-value polymetallic grades of mineralization. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 58 

6.2.1 Alteration 

Alteration
in the CDA Mining District in general is not as obvious or pronounced as large, predictable zonation patterns that are commonly found
around porphyry Cu, epithermal vein Ag-Au, Carlin-Type gold and many other deposit types. There are halos of disseminated sulfide minerals
and siderite in wallrock surrounding both BB and GQ vein types, diminishing rapidly away from the vein contact, typically along bedding
or pre-existing fractures. Some bleaching is associated with mineralized structures, and limonite staining where they outcrop on surface,
but these are largely weathering features on sulfide bearing rocks. 

Elsewhere
in the CDA District, disseminated carbonate zonation has been observed in vein wallrock, progressing from proximal siderite (iron carbonate)
to ankerite (iron-calcium carbonate) to distal calcite (White, 2015). This has not been well documented or commonly observed at Bunker
Hill and so is not currently mapped or modeled. 

As
it is currently understood and observed, there are no distinct alteration patterns at Bunker Hill that can be used for detailed exploration
targeting, nor any alteration types that would impede potential future mining operations. 

6.3 Deposit 

The
metallic deposits in the Coeur d Alene Mining District (the District are amongst the most studied in the world due
to the prodigious metal production and long history of mining. There are large scale similarities between the deposits as a whole, but
each deposit has its own specific structural, lithologic and mineralogical zonation controls. These controls became increasingly well
understood at mine-scale across the District in the 1970 s and 80 s, but regional-scale controls remain enigmatic, conceptual
and subject to much academic debate. 

In
the most general sense, deposits in the District are orogenic, polymetallic veins with lesser disseminated mineralization emanating from
the principal veins. There are clearly multiple phases of mineralization, with different causative structural events for each, hosted
across the Ravalli Group stratigraphy (St. Regis, Revett and Burke formations) within the District. lead, zinc and silver in varying
ratios are the principal metals at all of these deposits, with lesser copper, antimony and cadmium historically recovered. 

The
veins in the District have been divided into two groups based on metallic mineralogy: a low-silver galena-sphalerite-pyrrhotite-pyrite
type, and a high-silver galena-tetrahedrite type (Leach et al., 1998). Prior studies had given ages of 1400-1500 Ma by Pb/Pb isotope
modeling of galena from a low-silver type vein (Zartman and Stacey, 1971). In the 1998 Leach Report, gangue minerals from a high-silver
type vein were age dated using Ar/Ar and Rb/Sr methods and gave ages as young as ~90-110 Ma). These disparate age dates were explained
in that report by two mineralizing events: an earlier low-silver, lead-zinc-silver event during diagenesis and folding in the mid-Proterozoic,
and a later high-silver galena-tetrahedrite event in the Cretaceous, associated with emplacement of the Idaho Batholith and smaller,
stocks of similar age and composition to those north of the Osburn Fault in the CDA District. 

Reports
on Bunker Hill Mine Geology by Juras and Duff (2020) note two vein types as well (BB and GQ as described in Section 6), that roughly
match the compositional differences and have the same age relationships as the two types described by Leach. Juras interprets emplacement
of the earlier Bluebird series of veins at Bunker Hill to be contemporaneous with early W-NW fold development (see section 6), and the
later NE Galena-Quartz veins to represent a separate, more brittle structural event, likely related to the E-W Big Creek Anticline uplift. 

Both
vein sets at Bunker Hill exhibit textures typical of orogenic veins, with no boiling textures or sharp textural differences from pressure-temperature
changes, nor any significant wallrock alteration other than disseminations of the vein minerals. The huge vertical extent (3,000-6,00ft+)
of mineralization typical of all the vein types in the District strongly indicates that all mineralization was emplaced at moderate to
deep crustal levels. Juras and Duff note examples of open-space-filling textures in sulfide minerals in veins in their 2020 report, and
classify all of the veins at Bunker Hill as open space fissure veins. If all of these observations hold true, an active fold system is
one of the few ways to geologically explain the spaces and pressure shadows necessary to form those open-space cavity-fill textures under
the pressures and temperatures present at the time of vein emplacement. 

As
noted earlier in Section 6, Brian White (1994) has suggested that the entire CDA District is the base metal equivalent of a Shear-Zone
hosted gold deposit, with shearing along the Osburn Fault splay of the Lewis and Clark Structural Zone, and heat supplied by the Cretaceous-aged
intrusive rocks. In this model the mineralizing fluids travel up metamorphic lineations and take advantage of the same structurally prepared
quartzite host rocks and structural pathways as the Juras-Duff model. Since the Juras-Duff Model is built on the same data set currently
available to the Company and actively being used for geologic modeling, the fold-associated vein emplacement theory is the geologic model
currently being employed to aid exploration and resource delineation drill planning. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 59 

7 Exploration 

BHMC
has a rare exploration opportunity available at the Mine and has embarked on a new path to fully maximize the potential. A treasure trove
of geologic and production data has been organized and preserved in good condition in the mine office since the shutdown of major mine
operations in the early 1980s. This data represents 70+ years of proper scientific data and sample collection with high standards of
accuracy and precision that were generally at or above industry standards at the time. 

The
Company saw the wealth of information that was available, but not readily usable, and embarked on a scanning and digitizing program.
From this they were able to build a 3D digital model of the mine workings and 3D surfaces and solids of important geologic features.
To add to this, all of the historic drill core lithology logs and assay data (>2900 holes) were entered into a database and imported
with the other data into Maptek Vulcan 3D software. 

By
digitizing geologic maps of the mine levels, and connecting major faults, veins and stratigraphic blocks, it was possible to put into
three dimensions ideas that had previously been confined to the brains of Company geologists, plan maps and paper cross-sections with
data projected by hand. See an example in Figure 7-1 below, an isometric view of a cross section along the Bunker Hill #2 shaft, with
slices of maps from Brian White s 1977 stratigraphic research program shown in proper georeferenced location for the 9, 11, 13,
15, 17, 19, 21, 23, 25 and 27 Levels. 

Figure
7-1 1500 ft thick cross-section along BH #2 Shaft, looking at 106 azm, -12 degrees. Mine levels and shafts are black lines, thin dark
orange shape between levels on left is 3D model of U-1 quartzite unit of the upper Revett formation, thick orange shape is M-3 siltite-argillite
unit. Shapes built directly from original field mapping. 

There
were a number of research programs at Bunker Hill undertaken in the 1970 s to discern lithologic and structural controls on mineralization
so as to conduct more effective exploration programs to replace diminishing reserves (White, 1976, Juras, 1977). The Company is now able
to apply the knowledge and conclusions from these studies in a far easier and more accurate manner than those which were available to
prior generations. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 60 

The
important lithologic control to mineralization is the quartzite units of the Revett formation. These have now been modeled in 3D from
level maps and drill hole data, and post-mineral fault offsets can be reversed to reconstruct the folded position of the host rocks at
the time of vein emplacement. Bedding patterns can be matched up at scales that were not noticeable in small-scale detailed field mapping
in limited mine drift access. Fault offsets can now readily be determined and measured by positions of stratigraphic blocks. Flat faults
that cut all types of mineralization, and were previously difficult to map or project, are now readily apparent in horizontal bends and
offsets along units. Not enough work has been done to refine any of the above ideas down to an exact model yet, but the Company has the
original data set almost entirely converted to 3D digital format. Figure 7-2 shows models of quartzite beds with offsets along modeled
fault planes, cutting through the 9 Level stratigraphic map by White at 2405 ft elevation. 

Figure
7-2 Isometric view of plan section through 3D lithology and Fault Models at BH 9 Level. View is looking 311 azm, -21 dip, with 100 
window on either side of stratigraphy map at 2405 elevation. 

Reversing
fault offsets to reconstruct original positions has shown that the Bluebird and Galena-Quartz vein segments are offsets of original master
structures for each type. Modeling is currently on-going to determine the proper offsets to reconstruct the original geometry of these
vein systems at time of emplacement, which will likely identify previously unrecognized vein segments, and provide clues to locate offset
segments of historically mined veins that were never found with exploratory drifting or drilling from underground. 

The
conversion of so many years of geologic work into a format in which all possible data can be isolated and looked at in 3D at the same
time, same scale and same color scheme has allowed Bunker Hill Mining Company to rapidly employ the concepts and ideas of prior generations
in exploration targeting, and has allowed comparison of data that was not possible with historic, paper-based geologic techniques. The
Company intends to evaluate all of the exploration targets proposed in the waning stages of mining with the newly compiled dataset, and
test as many of them as fit within the realities of access and water levels. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 61 

Figure
7-3 Cross-section through Vulcan 3D models along planned drill hole trace showing expected downhole depths of projected geologic features.
Historic Sierra Nevada Mine levels in black center right. 

Through
the use of the now-digitized geologic data, BHMC has been able to conduct exploration drilling between 2020 and 2021, testing some of
the proposed structural features. Details on the drilling related to the Quill, Newgard and UTZ zones of mineralization are outlined
in this report as data verification and verification drilling of Mineralization. Drilling outside of the Quill, Newgard and UTZ zones
has been limited and outside of the scope of this report, as the target areas do not pertain to the mineralized zones detailed in this
report. 

7.1 Geophysical
 exploration 

In
addition to both continued geologic digitization and the completed 2021 exploration drill program, the Company has performed a geophysical
survey over the summer of 2021. 

The
survey was conducted as a ground geophysical 3DIP survey through DIAS Geophysical Ltd out of Saskatoon, SK. The Pole-Dipole array featured
electrode spacing of 50m, with current injections completed on 100m spacing. Lines were run NE/SW with a spacing of 150m between receiver
lines. Survey specifications can be seen in Figure 7-4. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 62 

Figure
7-4 Geophysical Survey Details 

The
survey was planned to cover a total of ~1,500 acres, but due to delays with challenging terrain, ended up covering just over 1,200 acres.
The location of the survey was over the far southwest portion of BHMC s land package, south of all previous historic mine workings
and over an area previously un-tested with either geophysical or conventional drilling methods. It is a lithologically diverse section
of the property showing outcrops of both lower and middle Belt rocks of the Prichard, Burke, Revett and St. Regis formations. Large reverse
and normal faults cross the survey area as well. The dominant structural fabric runs in a NW/SE direction, mirroring that of the known,
mapped faults within the historic mine working s footprint to the north. Survey lines were run in a NE/SW direction to traverse
this structural orientation as close to perpendicular as possible. 

Figure
7-5 Geological Map Showing IP Survey Boundary and Major Lithology and Structure 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 63 

The
relatively tight line spacing and 3D nature of the survey allowed for investigation of both Bluebird and Quartz-Galena Vein styles of
mineralization. For details on each, please see the previous chapters of this report. Through initial inversion models, multiple zones
of interest were identified. Previous IP surveys conducted on the Property in both 1969 (surface over the Cate fault and Upper Bluebird
mineralization) and 1968 (down-hole IP on 2 drill holes in the J-Vein area of the mine), indicated that both Quartz-Galena and Bluebird
styles of mineralization share a similar IP response of increased conductivity with low resistivities. 

Figure
7-6 Raw Dipole IP Data Over Compilation of Smelterville and Kellogg 1965 USGS Geologic Quadrangle Maps Showing Correlation of IP Response
and Lithology. Note IP Response to Major Mapped Fault Structures. Distance Scale in Meters, IP Scale in mVs/V. 

Initial
data seems to correlate well with previous surface mapping over the surface area both lithologically and structurally. A heightened IP
response can be seen in Figure 7-6 to the southwest of the program associated with the rocks of the Prichard formation, a dominantly
argillitic sequence of lower Belt rocks. Rocks of the Revett and St. Regis formations lie to the northeast of the Government Gulch fault
and can be seen as a variety of IP response levels. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 64 

Figure
7-7 1968 Drill Hole IP Survey of DDH 1050. 251 -255.1 Zone of Scattered to Abundant Dark Sulfide. 

It
is recommended that the Company continues with further investigations of additional inversion models and target identification over the
program area. It is also recommended that the program be followed up with additional EM geophysical survey methods to further correlate
known lithology to EM responses. Additional surface exploration activities including conformation of previous Company surface outcrop
and float maps, along with trenching of road cuts could work to corroborate shallow mineralization expressions with buried rocks associated
with the target responses. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 65 

8 Sample
 Preparation, Analysis and Security 

This
section does not describe sample preparation, analysis or security measures taken prior to the initiation of the 2020-2021 Bunker Hill
drill program. Drilling prior to 2020, actually prior to 1991, was conducted by the owners of the mine beginning in 1898. Drilling records
have been maintained since that time. Sample preparation, analysis and security records do not exist. Only assay results and geological
logging remain as the records. As noted throughout the report, the Bunker was among the premier mining companies in the United States.
Drilling, muck sampling and data analysis was carried out to the highest standards of the time. Review and approval of results went through
a hierarchy of engineers and other professionals before being used to estimate mineralization for the mine. 

This
following describes sample preparation, analysis and security activities conducted by Bunker Hill through 2020-2021. 

Drill
core samples are cut and prepared by Rangefront employees prior to shipment. Half of the core was returned to the core boxes for archive
purposes, while half was inserted into sample bags for shipment to the labs for analysis. Drill core and channel samples were stored
in the locked core shed located on the mine site and kept until dispatched to the lab. Access to the core shed is monitored at all times. 

Prior
to dispatch, core is measured for recovery and sample identification numbers are associated and assigned. Core intervals are photographed
for posterity and accuracy. Half core is cut and bagged with the same sample identification number. Assay results are compared against
the submitted sample numbers before acceptance of the results. 

Throughout
the project, multiple analytical laboratories performed assays on the 5,067 drill core and channel samples collected. The QA/QC protocol
in place, in conjunction with the data collected from the laboratories, determined that ALS Global ALS (ISO/IEC 17025:2005)
provided the most accurate and repeatable results. Both Paragon Geochemical (ISO/IEC 17025:2017) and American Analytical Services, INC
 American (ISO 17025:2005) were used in the early and mid-stages of the project but failed to yield timely and repeatable
results. 

Upon
arrival, the laboratory crushed, split, pulverized and screened all samples at 200 mesh. ALS then performed a 4-acid digestion assay
(ME-OG62) for silver, lead and zinc on the drill core and channel samples. Finalized results reported to an onsite Rangefront Geologist
then entered into the geologic database managed by an independent entity. All results in this report are based on and published with
a high level of confidence in the work performed by ALS Global. 

Blank
material: 

Blank
material was inserted into the sample sequence at a ratio of 1:20 or roughly every 100 of core/channel sampling. At the start
of the project the blank material used was marble Landscaping chips from Ace Hardware. This material failed QAQC due to contamination.
Silica sand replaced the marble chips but still showed material contaminations as well. At Bunker Hill s request, the samples sent
to Paragon had blank material inserted by the lab. The samples material used were rock chips from a quarry located outside of Sparks,
NV. These too had a high baseline for Pb and Zn. Finally, a lab certified blank, OREAS-21e, was used and produced satisfactory and repeatable
results. The Ag element did not have the contamination as much as Pb and especially Zn did. The dashed vertical line represents the transition
to the OREAS-21e material that is currently being used (right of line). The below figures represent blank data for all drill holes completed
between 2020 and 2021 used in the updated December 29, 2021 Mineral Resource Estimate. OREAS-21e arrives in pre-sized packets of pulverized
material and therefore did not undergo the preparatory work done on coarse material. It is recommended that Bunker utilize both lab-certified
blank material and work to acquire bulk blank reference material that will require a comparable preparation and analysis suite as the
non-check material submitted for assay. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 66 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 67 

Certified
Reference Materials 

Certified
Reference Materials CRMs, standards were used to monitor the accuracy of the assay results reported by
all labs. Standards were inserted into the sample sequence at a ratio of 1:20 or roughly every 100 of core/channel sampling. At
the start of the project, two different VMS (volcanic hosted massive sulfide) standards were used from CDN Resource Laboratories Ltd.
The below graphs show the accuracy and repeatability issues with the first two labs that analyzed the samples. The dashed vertical line
represents the division between the QAQC at American and Paragon (left of line) vs ALS (right of line). The below figures represent CRM
data for all drill hole assays completed between 2020 and 2021 with a data cutoff date of October 10, 2021 and subsequently used in the
Mineral Resource Estimate with an effective date of November 29, 2021. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 68 

In
October 2020, Bunker Hill discontinued the CDN standard reference material and began using four different standard materials from Ore
Research Exploration PTY LTD. This material was of meta sedimentary origin and matched theoretical metal grades from Bunker Hill.
Below are the charts that represent the QAQC of the most widely used standard throughout phase 2 of the drill program, OREAS-38. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 69 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 70 

Bunker
has initiated a duplicate prepping procedure that involves quartering the core. Half the quarter would be collected by hand and put into
one bag and the half into another. Due to the nuggety and fractured nature of the mineralization, obtaining an exact duplicate was not
achievable. After investigating these results, the core shed obtained a crusher and riffle splitter to make a more homogenic sample for
a more accurate duplicate that will tests the lab s repeatability. The below figures represent duplicate data for all drill holes
completed between 2020 and 2021 with a data cutoff date of October 10, 2021 and subsequently used in the Mineral Resource Estimate with
an effective date of November 29, 2021. All material not passing QAQC variance limits was re-run through the same analysis suite, along
with the preceding and following samples adjacent to the failed sample. It is recommended that Bunker maintain a protocol for handling
of QAQC failures and work with laboratory personnel to run samples sequentially based on sample number assigned by Bunker geologists. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 71 

It
is the opinion of RDA that security of the samples remained uncompromised throughout the sampling program. Adequate sample preparation
methods and QA/QC protocols are followed. Laboratories performed proper analyses on the samples. 

ALS
Global testing laboratories are located at 4977 Energy Way, Reno NV 89502. 

ALS
has no relationship other than that of a vendor to BHMC. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 72 

9 Data
 Verification 

Mineralization
at Bunker Hill was exploited for over 100 years prior to being shut down due to environmental concerns. A producing polymetallic mine
stopped production with blasted mineral inventories in the ground. Documentation of a century of historic estimates remain intact to
this day. Production records from hundreds of stopes exist to this day. Quarterly and yearly records of depletion, addition and tracking
of material produced and delivered to a mill and two smelters is factual and supported by existing records. The bulk of the mine, known
mineralization, and hundreds of production stopes are flooded up to the 11 level. Thousands of records of sampling and drilling exist. 

The
dilemma for any QP, at this particular deposit, is how to prove that existing data may be used for estimation of mineral resources. Sampling
and drilling assay results were collected to the best standards throughout the history of the mine. Drilling records including surveyed
collar coordinates. Driller names and geologist names are recorded. The actual hand-written log from drillhole # 1, drilled in 1898,
is still kept on record at the mine. QAQC protocols are not documented. QAQC protocols were never historically utilized at mines until
the 1980 s and 1990 s. It is understood that these protocols are necessary in terms of documenting proof of results in order
to detect errors or even fraud, as is so important in the mining business of the 21 st century. 

The
QP will describe the verification procedures employed by: 

(1) 
 The
 data verification procedures applied by the qualified person (described in this section) 

(2) 
 Any
 limitations on or failure to conduct such verification, and the reasons for any such limitations or failure; and 

(3) 
 The
 qualified person s opinion on the adequacy of the data for the purposes used in the report. 

The
following sections describe verification procedures recommended by RDA; namely stope block sampling and core drilling. BHMC expended
in excess of 4 million for verification of the nature and existence of mineralization at the mine. There were no limitations placed
on the QP s requirements for data verification. In the opinion of RDA, the results of the data verification program conducted at
Bunker Hill are adequate and can be relied upon to estimate mineral resources for the mine. 

Three
important items were evaluated that give confidence that results are appropriate to be used for mineral resource estimates at Bunker
Hill. 

1. 
 Existing
 stope block validation 

2. 
 Core
 drilling through known historic areas of mineralization 

3. 
 The
 re-assaying of un-oxidized pulps left over from the last drilling in the late 1980 s 

9.1 Stope
 Block Validation 

In
order to gather data in areas inaccessible to drilling (specifically, historic stopes), BHMC implemented an underground sampling program
under the strict guidance of a QP. Beginning in March 2020, BHMC launched a significant underground sampling program with the intent
of verifying historic assays and data located on the mine site. PMC, owner of the Bunker Hill Mine, granted access to the onsite historic
data, as well as underground portions of the mine. Underground channel sample collection began on March 28, 2020. Over the following
3 months, a total of 753 samples were collected across ten levels and sub-levels of the mine. Underground sampling concluded on the June
24, 2020. The underground channel, or chip samples, in conjunction with diamond drilling, substantiated the well-documented mineralization
of the historic mine. 

9.1.1 Sampling
 Teams 

Initially,
two samplers began sampling using methods described below. Within three weeks, the sampling crew grew from two samplers to a team comprising
a sample crew chief and six samplers. As the number of samplers increased, a geologist began to accompany samplers underground daily
to perform sample layout, assist with the organized collection of samples and review the work performed. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 73 

9.1.2 Methodology 

Collection
of samples underground involved a multi-step process beginning with the identification of possible sample locations using historic maps.
Targeted stopes fell within the boundaries of the UTZ, Newgard and Quill deposits. Scanned mylar maps provided excellent information
about underground sample areas. Occasionally, the sample crew discovered an unmapped drift or finger. However, the maps proved to be
roughly 95 accurate. 

Upon
arrival at a sampling location, the geologist began the orientation process by labeling mined out areas and designating each drift, finger,
or pillar with a number using spray paint on the ribs. All such labeling was carefully recorded on field maps created from the mylar
scans. In several sampling locations, room and pillar methods of mining left pillars that proved both useful in navigating large pillared
 rooms and simultaneously provided opportune sample locations. Once comfortably oriented, the geologist identified specific
sampling locations on ribs (and where appropriate, on the back), where samples could be collected perpendicular to the bedding planes
of the rock to accurately define the width of a mineralized interval. Inspection of the orientation of the bedding took place at every
interval sampled. 

While
the geologist identified sampling locations within the designated area, samplers barred down loose rock and mitigated for a variety of
potential safety hazards. Occasionally, historic mining clutter (pipes, old equipment, timber, etc.) blocked potential sample sites,
necessitating its removal prior to sampling. 

Sample
layout commenced with the geologist and a sampler using a measuring tape reel and spray paint to indicate 5 ft. sample intervals. Vertical
lines were painted 5 apart on the ribs, and a single horizontal line connected the two, to indicate to the samplers where to perform
the chip sampling (see Figure 9-1 below). Samples were laid out perpendicular to bedding in 5 sections for as long as there was
rock to sample. Prior to painting the ribs, the geologist assessed the stability/safety of each interval. Occasionally, poor ground conditions
required skipping an interval where the possibility of rockfall existed. The sampling crew assessed the potentiality for back samples
where gaps between the ribs existed. All sample intervals and footages were carefully recorded on field maps. 

Initially,
samplers approached the sample location with a tarp, a hand sledge and chisel, sample bag, aluminum sample ID tags and a sample tag book.
Prior to sampling, the sampler recorded information regarding the sample location including the date, sampler, level and stope, finger/rib/pillar
as designated by the geologist, sample interval footage, and rock/mineral description. The sampler wrote the sample ID number on the
bag and inserted the paper tag from the sample tag book with the same sample ID into the bag. 

Samplers
carefully laid the tarp on the sill (floor) beneath the interval to be sampled. Chiseled rock chips removed from the rib or back would
fall onto the tarp. Once a sampler removed the appropriate amount of material (between 1 and 10 lbs.) from the sample interval, the chips
were collected from off the tarp and placed in the sample bag. The sampler placed the filled sample bag below the sample interval to
be photographed and nailed an aluminum tag with the appropriate sample ID number on the right-hand side of the sample interval. Finally,
the tarp was removed and cleaned to not cross-contaminate samples, and then moved on to the next sampling interval. 

The
sampling team quickly realized, however, that the hardness of the host rock (quartzite) significantly hindered the pace of sample collection.
The team acquired two battery-operated, hand-held rock saws and, after the geologist performed sample layout, a sampler with the saw
made two, 1-inch-deep cuts in the rock roughly an inch apart, providing samplers a consistent edge to chisel easily along the entire
sample interval. The rock saw significantly improved the rate of sample collection. And as the number of samplers and rate of sample
collection increased, the crew chief, with assistance of the geologist, became responsible for preparing sample bags, recording the sample
information, and photographing each interval to streamline the process. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 74 

Figure
9-1 Rib sample collected from the 082-25-80 sublevel 

Figure
9-2 Back Sample collected from the 082-25-80 sublevel 

At
the end of a day of sampling, the sampling crew removed channel samples from the mine and transferred them to the core shed. As soon
as the sampling crew accounted for each sample collected, standards and blanks were prepared and inserted in with the channel samples
at a 1:20 interval for both standards and blanks. 

After
the samples were secured, the sample crew chief and geologist entered the data about each sample taken during the day s sampling
into an excel spreadsheet. Furthermore, they documented the precise location of each sample using georeferenced AutoCAD DWG files (see
Figure 9-3 below) to generate a sample s X, Y, and Z coordinates. Merging the sample s physical location with the assay data
proved useful in following mineralization trends and comparing current data to the historic results. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 75 

Figure
9-3 Sample locations on the 070-25-07 sublevel using geo-referenced AutoCAD files 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 76 

Figure
9-4 Sample locations on the 082-25-80 sublevel using geo-referenced AutoCAD files 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 77 

Figure
9-5 Sample locations on the 084-25-72 sublevel using geo-referenced AutoCAD files 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 78 

A
breakdown of sampled areas and the number of samples collected is shown in Table 9-1. 

Table
9-1 Channel Sample Breakdown 

Stopes
 Samples 
 
 Number
 of Samples 
 
 UTZ 
 
 111 
 
 071-25-05 
 
 30 
 
 070-25-07 
 
 86 
 
 071-25-07 
 
 52 
 
 082-25-80 
 
 131 
 
 080-25-25 
 
 62 
 
 080-25-23 
 
 101 
 
 9
 Level I-drift 
 
 68 
 
 10
 Level 
 
 70 
 
 11
 Level 
 
 42 

Throughout
the underground sampling program, a number of safety and logistical constraints dictated sampling locations. The sampling crew navigated
issues such as high backs, unstable or faulted ribs and pillars, poor air quality and gases, ground support, standing bodies of water,
areas filled with waste rock, poor ground conditions, undetonated historic explosives, and gaping holes in the back or sill. Samplers
frequently consulted with the mine safety manager and, where possible, found a way to safely collect samples. Occasionally, no viable
solution to remedy safety issues required samplers to forego sampling in a desired location. Despite the obstacles, no safety incidents
occurred during the 3 months of underground sampling. 

9.2 Results
 of Stope Verification Samples 

Of
the 753 channel samples collected, 749 samples contained measurable amount of mineralization. The grades of Ag, Zn and Pb very closely
matched the historic production car sample grades. Table 9-2 summarizes the results of the channel data verification program. Of note
the coefficients of variance are low which gives confidence that the data may be used for mineral resource estimation. 

Table
9-2 Results of Channel Verification Program 

Variable 
 
 Sample
 Count 
 
 Minimum
 Grade 
 
 Maximum
 Grade 
 
 Average
 Grade 
 
 Standard.
 Deviation 
 
 Coefficient
 of Variance 
 
 Zn 
 
 749 
 
 0.001 
 
 36.9 
 
 3.92 
 
 4.98 
 
 1.27 
 
 Ag 
 
 749 
 
 0.015(opt) 
 
 9.99(opt) 
 
 0.66(opt) 
 
 1.00 
 
 1.50 
 
 Pb 
 
 749 
 
 0.001 
 
 19.00 
 
 1.68 
 
 2.35 
 
 1.39 

9.3 conformation
 drilling of mineralized zones 

Drilling
began in September of 2020 and in several locations and definition drilling to expand the Bunker Hill Resources in the UTZ started in
September of 2020 and continued into assay cutoff date of October 10, 2021, 2021. This drill program produced 55 holes that were drilled
in either the UTZ or Quill-Newgard areas of the mine comprising 20,689 feet of core drilled. Holes were typically drilled at HQ diameter,
but for future use as utility passes select holes were drilled at PQ diameter. Much of the drilling was related to the data verification
described later in this report. Some exploration drilling occurred from multiple surface locations, with several holes drilled at the
historic Homestake portal to expand the UTZ. Also drilled were definition and exploration targets on the 5-level accessed from the Russell
tunnel, and exploration targets on the 9-level accessed via the Kellogg tunnel. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 79 

Drill
pad prep and drill rig mobility logistics were managed on site by a drilling manger from Bunker Hill, supervisory staff from American
Drilling Company ADC and the onsite Rangefront geologists. A Reflex TN14 gyroscope assisted in lining up the drill rig
at the collar. A 50 survey shot was taken during drilling to allow geologists to determine hole viability. Upon reaching the target
depth, a geologist observed the core and determined whether to terminate the hole or continue drilling. Upon completion, the survey tool
was sent down to take an end of hole survey shot plus one shot every 100 on the way out of the drill hole. These surveys were
then approved by the geology team in accordance with industry standard practices and uploaded into the database along with collar locations
picked up by the survey team. Throughout the program, Vulcan software was used to plan and modify holes, check proximity to historic
workings, evaluate deviation, and assess assay results. At the end of the program, surface holes were grouted in accordance with the
Idaho Water Department guidelines. 

Rangefront
employees and ADC employees ensured security of the core throughout the program. Core was initially held by ADC at the drill rig with
the rigs both on the surface and underground on the 5 level. Rangefront employees made daily trips to pick up core and receive a signed
chain of custody. On the 9 level, ADC brought the core out the Kellogg Tunnel and it would be signed over to Rangefront at the morning
shift change. Winter conditions on mountainous roads eventually necessitated the deposition of core into the core shed by ADC employees. 

The
core was housed on site in a secure core shed where it was washed, logged, photographed, cut, sampled, and then shipped to an assay lab
(see Section 8 for details on sampling and assaying details). Geologic characteristics noted during the logging process included lithology,
color, hardness, structure, alteration, observed mineralization, point data and geotechnical data. Rangefront employees ensured Chain
of Custody during the entire process. 

A
portion of one hole was drilled prior to the drill program beginning in September. The hole was re-entered and completed in October of
2020. 

9.4 historic
 drilling pulp re-assay 

During
a cleanup of a storage warehouse, 758 unoxidized, well-kept pulp envelopes were discovered. The pulps were labeled and associated with
the final drilling programs at Bunker prior to closure. The pulps are associated with the Quill and Newgard deposits which are the subject
of this report. The pulps were submitted for assaying along with standards and duplicates to ensure proper QAQC protocols were followed.
As an example, resultsof the analysis for Zn, shows a one-to-one correlation between originally reported assay values and pulp re-assay
values. This verification, along with the above information in this section provide the basis for the QP s to deem this information
adequate for usage for mineral estimation purposes at Bunker Hill. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 80 

Figure
9-6 Original Assays Compared to Re-assaying of Pulps. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 81 

10 Mineral
 Processing and Metallurgical Testing 

This
chapter summarizes and provides documentation for the metallurgical and process design work that has been performed on the Bunker Hill
Project through to May 2022. This includes a review of the operating history, a review of historical metallurgical test work used to
support various studies, an analysis of the current test work program results as well as recommendations for future testing. 

10.1 Geology 

The
Bunker Hill Property is located in the Coeur d Alene mining district of northern Idaho. The mineralization of the Coeur d Alene
district consists of veins with variable proportions of sphalerite, galena, argentiferous tetrahedrite in either a quartz or siderite
gangue. The past producing Bunker Hill Mine is part of the Galena-Page mineral belt and marks the transition from silver-copper mineralization
to lead-zinc-silver mineralization. The individual deposits that form the Bunker Hill Mine are numerous and relatively large with strike
lengths up to 900 ft (274 m) with plunge lengths up to 3,000 ft (914 m). 

Models
for the origin of the Coeur d Alene mineralization range from magmatic hydrothermal to mobilization of sediment-hosted stratiform
or strata-bound mineralization. Most recently, genetic models have focused on the mineralization being hosted by mesothermal veins related
to metamorphic/hydrothermal events that sourced metals from the Belt sediments. 

10.2 Historical
 Operations 

Production
at the lead, silver, and zinc Bunker Hill Mine began in 1887, lasted 95 years, and included a zinc refinery beginning in 1927. The mine
was the largest producer in the Coeur d Alene Mining District, with a total historical production of 35 M tons (31.75 M tonnes)
of mineralization grading 8.76 lead, 3.67 zinc, and 5.49 oz/ton (188.2 g/t) silver. 

The
Bunker Hill Concentrator, which processed 2,400 tpd, consisted of two-stage crushing circuit to produce feed for the ball mills. The
ground product was sequentially floated, namely lead first followed by zinc minerals. Both lead and zinc rougher concentrates were cleaned
twice to produce marketable-grade products. Figure 10-1 provides a high-level description of a process flow diagram of the historical
Bunker Hill Mining concentrator. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 82 

Figure
10-1 Historical Process Plant Block Diagram of the Bunker Hill Mining Concentrator 

The
plant description indicated the flotation reagents employed were sodium cyanide, zinc sulfate, lime, copper sulfate, xanthate and methyl
isobutyl carbonyl. The same reagents are commonly used today for processing of polymetallic mineralization. 

The
production data are summarized in Table 10-1. The lead concentrate assayed 64 Pb, 40 opt Ag and 5 Zn. The zinc concentrates
assayed 55 Zn, 3 opt Ag and 1 Pb. The feed grades were not reported. 

Table
10-1 Historical Production Data for Bunker Hill Mining Concentrator 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 83 

10.3 
 Metallurgical
 Test Work (RDi 2021) 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corporation contracted Resource Development Inc. (RDi) to conduct a scoping level metallurgical study to evaluate metal recovery
for the Bunker Hill Project. The primary objective of the test program was to complete metallurgical test work to be included in the
Pre-feasibility Study (PFS) for the Bunker Hill Project. The test program built upon knowledge gained during initial scoping level testing
and historical production data. 

The
main objectives of the test work included the following: 

1.
Establish a process flowsheet for lead and zinc recovery that maximizes recovery while maintaining high concentrate grades 

2.
Simulate plant operations with locked cycle flotation testing and characterize final concentrates for marketing purposes. 

10.3.1 
 Sample
 Source 

RDi
received approximately 500 kilograms of sample for metallurgical testing from the UTZ portion of the mine, collected by hand from 2x
4 deep, 12 wide panel shots off the rib. Samples were taken in the same drift on opposite ribs, approximately 20 
apart, one on the northeast (NE Samples) side and one on the southwest (SW Samples). The UTZ sample location represents the standard
style of mineralization to be expected throughout the remainder of the UTZ, Newgard and Quill mineralized zones. Spatial variation, both
along strike and down plunge, of the mineralized zones show little to no variation in relative abundance of certain metal-bearing minerals
versus other locations outside of the inherent grade variabilities. Host rock and structural features in the UTZ are also representative
of the mineral deposit as a whole. 10x 5-gallon buckets of sample were collected from each panel, which were subsequently split in half
to produce a master composite for testing. The other half of each bucket was retained for variability testing. Representative pieces
of rock were selected from each bucket for in-place bulk density testing. The master composite sample was crushed to nominal 1 inch and
a representative split was taken for abrasion testing. The remaining sample was crushed to P 100 passing 6 mesh, blended, and
split into charges for testing. A representative sample of the master composite was pulverized and submitted for head analysis. 

The
head assay results indicate the following: 

The
master composite sample contained 4.1 lead and 6.4 zinc. Precious metals are present with approximately 0.45 g/mt Au and 49.7 g/mt
Ag. The sample is high in sulfur with most of the sulfur present as sulfide sulfur. Arsenic content was significantly higher than previously
tested samples at 0.86 As. 

10.3.2 
 Composite
 Mineralogy 

The
master composite sample was submitted for mineralogical analysis. The sample consists of mostly sericitic quartzite, but nearly half
of the sample is made up of sulfides. Sphalerite is the dominant sulfide and occurs in liberated grains at several millimeters in size
and as inclusions in quartz, pyrite, and galena at 1 to 50 microns. 

Galena
and pyrite are found in similar quantities. Large galena grains exhibit inclusions of pyrite, chalcopyrite, and tetrahedrite up to 50
microns in size. Galena is also found as inclusions in quartz, pyrite, and sphalerite of up to 75 microns. Arsenopyrite occurs in quartz,
pyrite, sphalerite, and galena, with grain sizes ranging from 1 to 100 microns. A few large (>100 micron) aggregates of arsenopyrite
are present. 

The
in-place bulk density was determined for each received bucket by weighing each sample after drying and then weighing the sample while
it was submerged under water to determine the volume of water displaced. The samples were coated in wax to ensure water did not penetrate
the samples. The bulk density (SG) averaged 2.79 for the NE samples, and 2.77 for the SW samples. RDi uses Forte Analytical for their
metallurgical research and testing as well as assaying, an ISO 9001:2015 certified laboratory. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 84 

Table
10-2 Head Analysis of the Master Composite Sample (Including ICP) 

10.3.3 
 Bond s
 Ball Mill Work Index / Abrasion Index 

A
Bond s Ball Mill Work Index (BWi) was determined for the master composite sample at a closed size of 100 mesh (150 microns). In
addition, a sample was submitted for Bond Abrasion Index testing at Hazen Research Inc. The BWi result was 13.47 kWh/st, while the Ai
was determined to be 0.6137. The results indicate that the sample would be considered medium hardness and very abrasive. Subsequent BWi
tests conducted by SGS Canada Inc at Lakefield (SGS) resulted in similar results. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 85 

Table
10-3 Bond Work Index (BWi) Analyses of the Master Composite Sample 

Test
 Source 
 
 Bond
 Work Index (BWi), kWhr/ton 
 
 RDi,
 composite sample as received 
 
 13.47 
 
 SGS,
 BH - MC 
 
 12.6 
 
 SGS,
 BH L9 
 
 11.9 
 
 SGS,
 BH - UTZ 
 
 13.4 

10.3.4 
 Flotation
 tests 

10.3.4.1 
 Rougher
 Flotation Tests 

Initial
rougher flotation tests were completed with 1-kilogram charges of the master composite sample. Testing utilized a differential flotation
approach to produce separate lead and zinc concentrates. The zinc was depressed with a variety of reagents while the lead was floated.
After the lead flotation, zinc was activated with copper sulfate and then collected with SIPX. The primary grind was varied from P 80
 100 mesh to P 80 200 mesh to determine liberation characteristics. Additional rougher flotation tests were conducted
without sodium cyanide and with the use of premade zinc cyanide instead of the standard separate additions of sodium cyanide and zinc
sulfate. All test products were submitted for assay of gold, silver, lead, and zinc. 

The
scoping level rougher flotation test results indicate the following: 

The
 differential flotation approach was successful at producing separate lead and zinc concentrates. Finer grinding produced slight improvements
 in lead, silver, and gold recovery in the lead rougher concentrate. The amount of zinc reporting to the lead rougher concentrate
 also slightly increased, while the grade of the zinc in the zinc concentrate also increased. Rougher concentrate lead grades in the
 lead concentrate ranged from 13.8 Pb to 17.6 Pb, while the zinc grades in the rougher zinc concentrate ranged from 29.0 Zn to
 34.6 Zn. 

All
 tests exhibited similar overall zinc recovery of >98 . Zinc reporting to the zinc concentrate ranged from 71.2 to 80.3 , with
 the highest values at the finer particle sizes and without the addition of Aero 3418A to the lead circuit. 

All
 tests exhibited similar total lead recovery of >92 . Lead reporting to the lead concentrate ranged from 84.1 to 92.8 , the highest
 values at the finer particle sizes and with the addition of AP242 to the lead circuit. 

The
 majority of precious metals reported to the lead concentrate. Total recovery of silver was >97 with approximately 87 reporting
 to the lead concentrate. Total gold ranged from 85.8 to 94.4 , with as much as 78 reporting to the lead concentrate. Caution should
 be raised that this gold could routinely be associated with the entrained arsenic, as arsenopyrite. The high arsenic content in the
 lead concentrate creates placement challenges and penalties. Ongoing test work will focus on arsenic depression and further characterize
 gold deportment. 

The
 addition of more zinc depressants did not significantly affect the overall flotation results but did slow the kinetics in the lead
 circuit (FT5). The substitution of AP242 in place of Aero 3418A increased the mass pull and recovery of all metals into the lead
 concentrate, including zinc (FT4). The exclusion of Aero 3481A provided a slight decrease in the amount of zinc reporting to the
 lead concentrate and slowed the kinetics in the lead circuit (FT6). 

Kinetic
 samples indicate the majority of lead is floated in the first minute of flotation time and approximately 89 of the lead can be floated
 in three minutes of flotation time with a grade of 20.3 Pb at a particle size of P 80 150 mesh. The zinc grade continues
 to increase as the lead flotation continues. It would be best to limit the rougher lead flotation to three minutes and additional
 flotation residence time would be considered the rougher scavenger that is sent to the regrind circuit. 

Zinc
 cyanide was as effective at depressing zinc in the lead circuit as the combination of sodium cyanide and zinc sulfate utilized in
 previous tests. Overall metal recoveries and the amount of lead and zinc reporting to the zinc circuit were also similar. The removal
 of cyanide resulted in approximately 7 additional zinc reporting to the lead concentrate. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 86 

Additional
rougher flotation tests were completed with 1-kilogram charges of the master composite sample to investigate the addition of all depressants
directly to the grinding mill instead staged addition to the mill and rougher flotation stages. Testing utilized the standard differential
flotation approach to produce separate lead and zinc concentrates at a primary grind to P 80 200 mesh. The zinc was depressed
with the standard dosage of depressants (FT22), and 1.5X depressants (FT23). All flotation products were submitted for assay of gold,
silver, lead, zinc, arsenic, iron, and sulfide sulfur. 

The
results from additional rougher tests were similar to previous tests with slightly higher lead grade and lower zinc grade in the lead
rougher concentrate. Additional depressants made another slight improvement to concentrate grades. Metal recoveries were similar to previous
rougher flotation tests. 

10.3.4.2 
 Cleaner
 Flotation Tests 

Cleaner
flotation tests were completed to evaluate various primary grinds, reagents, regrinds, and splitting of the rougher and scavenger concentrates.
Initial cleaner tests were completed with individual lead and zinc rougher concentrates to simulate the historic operation flotation
process. Rougher concentrate was produced from 2-kilogram charges at grinds of both P 80 150 mesh and P80 200 mesh. Lead promoters
3418A and AP242 were also evaluated. The rougher concentrates for both lead and zinc were collected for 2 minutes of flotation time,
while the rougher scavenger concentrates were collected for an additional 3 minutes of flotation time. The lead and zinc rougher concentrates
were then individually cleaned with two stages of cleaners without regrind. The lead and zinc rougher scavenger concentrates were combined
and reground to P80 325 mesh. The reground, combined scavenger concentrate was then refloated utilizing rougher flotation conditions
to simulate recirculation back to the rougher cells. The process flow diagram utilized for the first set of cleaner testing is given
in Figure 10-2. 

A
second set of cleaner tests were completed that combined the rougher and scavenger concentrates for both lead and zinc. Concentrate was
produced with 2-kilogram charges at primary grinds of P80 200 mesh and P80 270 mesh and lead promoter AP242. The combined rougher scavenger
concentrates were then cleaned with three stages of cleaners, with and without regrind to P 80 325 mesh. The process flow diagram
utilized for the second set of cleaner testing is given in Figure 10-3. All test products were submitted for assay of gold, silver, lead,
and zinc. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 87 

Figure
10-2 Cleaner Flotation Process Flowsheet (Tests 7-9) 

Figure
10-3 Cleaner Flotation Process Flowsheet (Tests 12-13) 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 88 

A
third set of flotation tests were completed to investigate increased depression of arsenic and other gauge minerals during the rougher
and cleaning stages. Combined rougher/scavenger concentrate was produced during bulk flotation testing utilizing the standard flotation
conditions (primary grinds of P 80 270 mesh SIPX, AP242, CuSO4) for tests FT15-FT17. The lead and zinc concentrates were cleaned
with three stages of cleaners, with a lead circuit regrind to approximately P 80 400 mesh. Depressants in the lead regrind/1st
cleaner were added at the standard amount for the first test (FT15), 1.5 times the standard amount for the second test (FT16), and 2
times the standard amount for the third test (FT17). Depressant additions were doubled in the 2nd stage of lead cleaners for all tests.
The pH was adjusted to 12 with hydrated lime during all zinc cleaner stages for all tests in this series to depress arsenopyrite and
pyrite. Lead rougher and cleaner tests were completed utilizing the standard conditions to evaluate soda ash as a pH modifier and to
develop baseline arsenic grades for additional composites with various arsenic head grades (FT18-21). All of these test products were
submitted for assay of gold, silver, lead, zinc, and arsenic. Full ICP metals and XRF analysis were completed on the final lead and zinc
concentrates. 

The
cleaner flotation test results indicate the following: 

Cleaner
 flotation tests with non-reground rougher concentrates indicate higher metal recovery and higher concentrate grades were produced
 at a primary grind of P 80 200 mesh. Two stages of cleaners at the finer grind produced overall lead recovery in the second
 lead cleaner concentrate of 78.7 at a grade of 43.6 Pb and zinc recovery in the second zinc cleaner concentrate of 66.7 at a grade
 of 51.0 Zn. 

Cleaner
 flotation tests with combined rougher/scavenger concentrates indicate slightly higher metal recovery and higher concentrate grades
 with reground concentrates as compared to finer primary grind and no regrind. A primary grind of P 80 200 mesh and regrind
 to P 80 325 with three stages of cleaners produced lead concentrate of 48.5 Pb and zinc concentrate of 58.1 Zn as compared
 to 44.3 Pb and 52.8 Zn with a primary grind of P 80 270 mesh and no regrind. Less zinc reported to the lead concentrate
 with the primary grind at P 80 270 mesh. Primary grind of P 80 270 mesh and regrind to P 80 325 mesh
 produced a lead grade of nearly 60 Pb with three stages of cleaners, but only 40 of the lead reported to the cleaned concentrate.

Rougher
 flotation results for the cleaner tests produced similar overall recoveries to the initial rougher flotation series, with approximately
 95 lead and 98 of the zinc recovered into concentrates. Finer primary grinds collected more lead and less zinc into the lead rougher
 concentrate and more zinc into the zinc rougher concentrate. The use of AP242 increased the recovery of lead and zinc into the lead
 concentrate and decreased the metal grades due to the additional mass. Approximately 95 of the lead and 22 of the zinc were recovered
 into the lead rougher concentrate and 75 of the zinc into the zinc rougher concentrate at a primary grind of P 80 200
 mesh and the use of AP242. 

Regrinding
 the combined lead and zinc rougher scavenger concentrates and re- floating to simulate recycle to the rougher flotation did not significantly
 improve the concentrate grade. The majority of the lead and zinc reported to the lead concentrate since the activated zinc could
 not be depressed to the zinc concentrate with high dosages of reagents. Approximately a third of the rougher scavenger mass was rejected
 to the rougher tail which accounts for approximately 0.5 of the overall metal recovery. 

Arsenic
 test work indicates that arsenic grade in the final lead concentrate is similar to the grade observed in the lead rougher concentrate
 for the current master composite as well as the Quill and UTZ composites from the previous test program. Approximately 50 -60 of
 the arsenic is recovered into the lead rougher concentrate even with additional depressants in the rougher circuit. 

Higher
 depressant additions in the lead cleaner circuit of the master composite increased the lead grade in the 3rd Pb cleaner concentrate
 from a baseline grade of 43.3 Pb to 50.8 Pb. Arsenic grade in the cleaned lead concentrates was not significantly changed with
 additional depressants in the lead rougher or cleaner circuits, or with the use of soda ash for pH control. Slight improvements in
 lead and zinc recovery were observed with higher depressants. 

10.3.4.3 
 Locked
 Cycle Flotation Tests 

A
locked-cycle flotation test was completed with the optimum cleaner flotation flow sheet to forecast concentrate grade and precious metal
recovery expected during plant operation. The locked-cycle test consists of running multiple flotation tests and recycling each cleaner
tail into the previous flotation stage during the next flotation test/cycle. A total of six cycles were completed to ensure that the
process was at steady state. In addition to the locked-cycle test, a one cycle open-cycle test (FT14) was completed to correlate open-cycle
results to locked-cycle results. The same conditions were utilized for both open-cycle and locked-cycle tests. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 89 

The
open-cycle and locked-cycle tests were completed at a primary grind of P 80 270 mesh for rougher flotation. Rougher scavenger
flotation was included in both the lead and zinc circuits to increase the amount of value sent to the cleaner stages. Regrind of the
lead rougher concentrate with a pebble mill was completed to a particle size of approximately P 80 400 mesh for cleaner flotation.
No regrind was completed with the zinc rougher concentrate. 

The
lead and zinc circuits were separated during the locked-cycle testing with the exception of the lead cleaner 1 tails recycled to the
zinc rougher flotation to increase the zinc recovery. The rougher concentrate was then fed to the 1st cleaner flotation. The 1st cleaner
flotation included a scavenger flotation stage in which the concentrate would be recycled back to the 1st cleaner flotation for the next
cycle. The concentrate from the 1st cleaner was then cleaned during the 2nd cleaner flotation. The 2nd cleaner tails were recycled back
to the 1st cleaner flotation for the next cycle. The concentrate from the 2nd cleaner was then cleaned during the 3rd cleaner flotation.
The 3rd cleaner tails were recycled back to the 2nd cleaner flotation for the next cycle. 

Figure
10-4 Locked-Cycle Test Process Flowsheet 

Table
10-4 Open-Cycle Flotation Results (FT14) 

Table
10-5 Summary of Locked-Cycle Flotation Test Results (Average of Last 3 Cycles) 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 90 

Table
10-6 Assay Analysis of LCT Final Flotation Concentrate 

The
locked-cycle flotation results indicate the following: 

Locked-cycle
 testing recovered 88.2 of the lead into the lead cleaner concentrate at a grade of 47.6 Pb, and 85.1 of the zinc into the zinc
 cleaner concentrate at a grade of 52.4 Zn. Final concentrate analysis shows a zinc concentrate grade of 57.36 Zn and lead concentrate
 grades of 46.25 Pb and 416 g/mt Ag. The product grades were similar to the open-cycle results, but the locked-cycle recoveries were
 higher due to the recycling of tails. The highest lead losses were in the final tails (8.3 ), while the majority of zinc losses were
 from zinc left in the lead circuit (9.2 ). 

The
 majority of precious metals were recovered in the lead cleaner concentrate with 47.8 of the gold and 84.2 of the silver reporting
 at grades of 2.16 g/mt Au and 410 g/mt Ag. The zinc cleaner concentrate contained 16.7 of the gold and 10.9 of the silver. 

Smelter
 penalty analysis of the sixth cycle cleaned concentrates indicated the arsenic was the highest contaminate at 3.87 As in the lead
 concentrate and 1.35 As in the zinc concentrate. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 91 

10.3.4.4 
 Concentrate
 Mineralogy 

Select
cleaner flotation concentrates were submitted for mineralogical analysis to determine the content and liberation size of the metals in
the concentrates. Lead Cleaner 3 concentrates produced at various grinds were submitted (FT12-primary grind 200 mesh, regrind 325 mesh,
FT13-primary 270 mesh/regrind 325 mesh, LCT primary 270 mesh/regrind 400 mesh) as well as the LCT Zinc Cleaner 3 concentrate. The mineralogy
results were similar for the three lead concentrates that were analyzed. The main liberated contaminates in the lead concentrates were
pyrite and sphalerite. These minerals were also the major contaminates attached to galena. Nearly all of the arsenopyrite was liberated
from the galena at a content of approximately 6 . A small amount of quartz was found in the lead concentrate 

Figure
10-5 BHFT 12 Pb Cleaner 3 Concentrate Area Photo Showing Galena (Gn), Pyrite (Py), Sphalerite (Sp) and arsenopyrite (Asp) - 200X RL 

The
zinc concentrate contained mostly sphalerite, with small amounts of pyrite, galena, arsenopyrite, and quartz. Petrographic studies in
conjunction with XRD indicate the sample contains 1 total galena, however, no liberated galena is identified. Galena occurs as minute
inclusions or attachments in pyrite and sphalerite with a grain size that varies from 1 m to 10 m in size. Concentrate mineralogy
was completed by DCM Science Laboratory Inc in Colorado, USA. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 92 

Figure
10-6 BH LCT Zn Cleaner Concentrate Cyc 6 Area Photo Showing Yellow Sphalerite, Galena (Gn), Pyrite (Py) and Quartz Gangue - 200X RL 

10.4 
 Metallurgical
 Test Work (SGS 2022) 

Bunker
Hill Mining Corporation has contracted SGS Canada Inc (SGS) to conduct a metallurgical study to further evaluate and optimize metal recovery
for the Bunker Hill Project. The primary objective of the test program is to complete metallurgical test work to improve met results
over the Pre-feasibility Study (PFS) performed by Resource Development Inc. (RDi) for the Bunker Hill Project. 

The
main objectives of the test work included the following: 

1. 
 Establish
 a process flowsheet for lead and zinc recovery that maximizes recovery while maintaining high concentrate grades 

2. 
 Target
 significant operating improvements such as rougher flotation at a coarse grind size, minimize entrainment of sphalerite and arsenopyrite
 in the lead concentrate, and entrainment of galena in the zinc concentrate. 

During
this test program SGS reviewed the RDi and historical test work and investigated if the current flowsheet is suitable for this deposit
outlined in the mine plan. A series of flotation tests was performed to reconfirm historic results and determine if alternative flowsheet
conditions can be found resulting in improved metallurgical performance and operational efficiency. Various particle sizing, pH levels,
reagent screening, and different flowsheet configurations were explored to evaluate metallurgical performance of the deposit. Mineralogy
and grindability test work was also performed to complement flotation test work. Based on the study, the test conditions of the locked
cycle test were confirmed, and 6 cycles (A-F) of the tests were performed. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 93 

Figure
10-7 Locked-Cycle Test Process Flowsheet (SGS 2022) 

The
locked cycle testing performed well and produced the high-quality lead and zinc concentrates as shown in the Table 10-7. The grade of
lead in the lead concentrate was 59.5 and the zinc in the zinc concentrate was 57.5 . The iron and arsenic in the lead concentrate were
very low, they were 7.7 and 0.7 , respectively. The iron and arsenic in the zinc concentrate were also very low, they were 4.19 and
0.2 , respectively. 

Table
10-7 Locked-Cycle Flotation Results (SGS 2022) 

However,
the zinc recovery was lower than expected. One of the reasons was the mass pull. Cycles E and F had very high zinc grade in the final
tails and the mass pull was lower (higher mass of the tailings). Therefore, it is suspected that the zinc rougher wasn t run properly
during the cycles E and F. Since the locked-cycle test result was averaged from the cycle D, E and F, high zinc in the tails from the
cycle E and F really impacted the zinc recovery significantly. It is advisable to conduct another locked cycle flotation test under the
same conditions. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 94 

Table
10-8 Assay Analysis of LCT Final Flotation Concentrate (Cycle F) 

Table
10-9 Tail Weights - Lead and Zinc Weights in the Locked Cycle Flotation Tails 

10.5 
 Conclusions 

The
following conclusions can be drawn based on the test work completed to date: 

The
 master composite sample contains 4.1 lead and 6.4 zinc. Precious metals are present with approximately 0.45 g/mt Au and 49.7 g/mt
 Ag. The sample is high in sulfur at 7.58 , with most of the sulfur present as sulfide sulfur. Arsenic content was significantly higher
 than previously tested samples at 0.86 As. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 95 

Mineralogical
 analysis of the master composite sample indicated that nearly half of the sample is made up of sulphides. Sphalerite is the dominant
 sulfide and occurs in liberated grains at several millimeters in size and as inclusions in quartz, pyrite, and galena at 1 to 50
 microns. Galena and pyrite are found in similar quantities. Large galena grains exhibit inclusions of pyrite, chalcopyrite, and tetrahedrite
 up to 50 microns in size. Galena is also found as inclusions in quartz, pyrite, and sphalerite of up to 75 microns. Arsenopyrite
 occurs in quartz, pyrite, sphalerite, and galena, with grain sizes ranging from 1 to 100 microns. 

In-place
 bulk density (SG) testing of coarse ore samples ranged from 2.61 to 3.08 with an average of 2.78. 

Bond
 Ball Mill Work Index and Bond Abrasion Index testing of the master composite indicate that the sample would be considered medium
 hardness and very abrasive. BWi was 13.47 kWh/st at a closed size of 100 mesh (150 microns), while the Ai was 0.6137. 

The
 differential rougher flotation approach was successful at producing separate rougher lead and zinc concentrates. Initial testing
 indicated a maximum of 92.8 of the lead with 24.8 of zinc reported to the lead rougher concentrate, while a maximum of 80.3 of
 the zinc reported to the zinc concentrate. Most precious metals reported to the lead rougher concentrate with approximately 87 of
 the silver and 75 of the gold. 

Grind
 series rougher flotation testing indicated that finer grinding produced slight improvements in lead, silver, and gold recovery in
 the lead rougher concentrate, while reducing the amount of zinc reporting to the lead rougher concentrate. 

Evaluation
 of various zinc depressants and dosages indicate slight differences in concentrate grade and metal recovery. Zinc cyanide was as
 effective at depressing zinc in the lead circuit as the combination of sodium cyanide and zinc sulfate utilized in initial tests.
 Increased addition of zinc depressants did not significantly affect the overall flotation results. Adding no cyanide for zinc depression
 resulted in approximately 7 additional zinc reporting to the lead concentrate. Addition of all depressant dosages to the primary
 grinding mill did not significantly affect the metal grades and recoveries. 

Evaluation
 of various collectors in the lead rougher circuit indicate that the metal and mass recovery increases slightly when going from SIPX,
 to SIPX/Aero 3418A, and even more with SIPX/AP242. The combination SIPX/AP24 provided the highest lead recovery to the lead rougher
 concentrate, but also the highest zinc content. 

Kinetic
 testing indicated that 3 minutes of laboratory flotation time for the lead rougher recovers approximately 90 of the lead. The zinc
 grade continues to increase as the lead flotation continues and the flotation time should be limited. 

Cleaner
 flotation testing indicated multiple cleaner stages and regrind are needed to produce marketable concentrates. Three stages of lead
 cleaners with regrind produced low grade 5 Zn). Three stages of zinc cleaners
 without regrind produced reasonable grade (>50 Zn) zinc concentrate. Arsenic is the major contaminant in the cleaned concentrates,
 with the final SGS concentrate elemental analysis values being used in the economic analysis and deleterious element factors of this
 report. 

Testing
 of the historic flowsheet (individual cleaner flotation circuits for lead rougher and zinc rougher with combined lead and zinc scavengers
 to single regrind) returned high levels of zinc back to the lead circuit since the activated zinc could not be depressed to the zinc
 concentrate with high dosages of reagents. Scavenger concentrates were combined with their respective rougher concentrates for the
 remainder of testing. 

Cleaner
 flotation tests with combined rougher/scavenger concentrates indicated that lead rougher concentrate benefits from regrind to P80
 400 mesh, while the zinc rougher concentrate may not need to be reground if the primary grind is P80 200 or finer. 

Higher
 depressant additions in the lead cleaner circuit increased the lead grade of the final concentrate. Arsenic grade in the cleaned
 lead concentrates was not significantly changed with additional depressants in the lead rougher or cleaner circuits, or with the
 use of soda ash for pH control. Slight improvements in lead and zinc recovery were observed with higher depressants. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 96 

Locked-cycle
 testing recovered 88.2 of the lead (94.7 of rougher recovery) into the lead cleaner concentrate at a grade of 47.6 Pb, and 85.1 
 of the zinc (95.9 of zinc rougher recovery) into the zinc cleaner concentrate at a grade of 52.4 Zn. The highest lead losses were
 in the final tails (8.3 ), while most zinc losses were from zinc left in the lead circuit (9.2 ). Some improvements to these results
 can be obtained in the commercial operation with fresh feed as noted for several polymetallic operations between laboratory and plant
 results. 

Locked-cycle
 testing indicated that the open-cycle cleaner tests could reasonably predict metal grades but underestimate the metal recoveries
 due to recycling of streams during locked-cycle testing. Based on these results, one can predict the results of locked-cycle tests
 from open-circuit tests. 

Arsenic
 test work indicated that arsenic grade in the final lead concentrate is like the grade observed in the lead rougher concentrate for
 the current master composite as well as the Quill and Utz composites from the previous test program. Approximately 50 -60 of the
 arsenic is recovered into the lead rougher concentrate even with additional depressants. 

Mineralogical
 analysis of cleaned concentrates indicated that the lead concentrate contained liberated and non-liberated pyrite and sphalerite
 with small amounts of quartz. Nearly all arsenopyrite was liberated from the galena. The contaminants generally decreased with finer
 grind. The zinc concentrate contained mostly zinc, with small amounts of pyrite, galena, arsenopyrite, and quartz. 

Table
10-10 Expected Net Recoveries and Final Grades in the Flotation Concentrates 1 

To
the extent known, there are no processing factors or deleterious elements that will have a significant effect on the Project economics
or salability of concentrate products. YaKum has confirmed that final concentrate grades realized through the RDi lock cycle testing
were not representative of those historically seen at the Bunker Hill Mine and Concentrator plant. Through the initial test work at SGS,
it is confirmed that the use of historical concentrate metal grades be used for mineral resource and economic analysis in this Report. 

10.6 
 Recommendations 

The
following recommendations are made based on the previous study work: 

Complete
 additional rougher flotation tests to further investigate grind size and reagent suites to achieve coarse rougher flotation, improve
 separation of lead and zinc, as well as rejection of arsenic. Arsenic was not tracked during the initial rougher flotation testing
 during this program and zinc levels were higher than expected and not fully rejected in the lead cleaner stages. 

Subsequent
 cleaner flotation tests would need to be completed with new rougher flotation conditions to determine optimized concentrate grades
 and metal recoveries. 

Complete
 solids/liquid separation test work with material from finalized flowsheet to evaluate dry stacking of tailings. 

Process
 variability samples that cover an expanded range of lead, zinc, and arsenic head grades with the finalized flowsheet to determine
 the range of concentrate grade and recovery expected during first years of production and/or mine plan stages. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 97 

11 
 Mineral
 Resource Estimates 

11.1 
 Summary 

Mineral
Resource Estimates MRE in this report have been determined by using inverse distance weighting techniques for the Quill,
Newgard and UTZ mineralization bodies. Mineral assays were derived from the 2020 drilling program, historic drilling, historic production
car samples and channel samples gathered during the summer of 2020. Mineral Resource Estimates have been developed to conform to the
Mineral Resource Definitions provided in 229.1300 (Item 1300) of Regulation S-K. Mineral Resources are classified in accordance
with the disclosure obligations under 229.1302 (d)(1)(iii)(A) (Item 1302(d)(1)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K). 

Table
11-1 summarizes the Bunker Hill Mineral Resource Estimate, exclusive of Mineral Reserves, as outlined in Instruction 2 to paragraph (b)(96)(iii)(B)(11)
of 229.601 of Regulation S-K. Reasonable prospects of eventual economic extraction assume underground mining, mill processing and
flotation of Pb and Zn concentrates. Mineral resource estimates are reported at a net smelter return (NSR) cutoff of 70 per ton. 

Net
smelter return (NSR) is defined as the return from sales of concentrates, expressed in US /t, i.e.: NSR = (Contained metal) (Metallurgical
recoveries) (Metal Payability (Metal prices) (Treatment, refining, transport and other selling costs). NSR values are
estimated using metallurgical recoveries of 85.1 , 84.2 and 88.2 for Zn, Ag and Pb respectively, and concentrate grades of 58 Zn in
zinc concentrate, and 67 Pb and 12.13 oz/ton Ag in lead concentrate. 

Resources
were estimated using the selling prices of 20/oz (troy) for Silver, 1.00/lb for Lead, and 1.20/lb for Zinc. The selling prices were
guided by analysis of the CIBC Global Mining Group s Analyst Consensus Commodity Price Forecast for each respective metal as of
the effective date of the Mineral Resource Estimate. 

Table
11-1 Bunker Hill Mine Mineral Resource Estimate Exclusive of Mineral Reserves NSR 70/ton cut off Ag selling price of
 20/oz (troy), Lead selling price of 1.00/lb, Zn selling price of 1.20/lb. Effective date of August 29, 2022) 

The
estimates of mineral resources may be materially affected if mining, metallurgical, or infrastructure factors change from those currently
assumed at Bunker. Estimates of inferred mineral resources have significant geological uncertainty and it should not be assumed that
all or any part of an inferred mineral resource will be converted to the measured or indicated categories of confidence. Mineral resources
that are not mineral reserves do not meet the threshold for reserve modifying factors, such as estimated economic viability, that would
allow for conversion to mineral reserves. 

Project
mineralization extends to great depths accessible by a complicated system of shafts to access levels and mine development headings. The
mine is flooded up to the 11 Level of the mine. Other than pumping water according to EPA requirements, and limited care and maintenance,
access to the depths of the mine has not been accessible since 1989. For these reasons, nearly two-thirds of the estimated mineral resources
are considered to be inferred mineral resources. 

The
entire length of the MRE is assumed to be geologically continuous but differing in orientation due to underlying lithological constraints
and faults. In order to constrain the MRE, three separate mineral domains were constructed to segregate the continuous mineralized zone
comprising the UTZ, Quill and Newgard deposits. Figure 11-1shows in plan-view the historic depletion and development solids associated
with each section of the mine. Mapping shows that fault structures offset but do not truncate mineralization between the Quill, Newgard
and UTZ. Historically, the Quill-Newgard zone of mineralization was mined as a continuous mineralized body and has been constructed as
a single domain solid QN ). 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 98 

UTZ
was mined as multiple stope blocks separated by the Cate fault which runs roughly parallel to trend of mineralization in the UTZ. Both
the hanging wall and foot wall of UTZ was mined, but stopes rarely crossed between the two zones. UTZ has been defined as two domains;
the Cate hanging wall (CHW) and the Cate foot wall (CFW) domains. 

Figure
11-1 Quill, Newgard and UTZ deposits of the Bunker Hill Mine Plan View. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 99 

The
stopes and workings displayed above have were surveyed during production and drafted on to mylar sheets. The Mylar sheets were recently
digitized by Rangefront and converted to solid triangulations. In general mineralization strikes S070E with a nearly vertical dip. 

Figure
11-2. Vertical long section through the deposit showing depleted stopes down-dip and mineralized pillars between stopes 

Nearly
2,500 vertical feet of continuous mineralization is present in UTZ, Newgard and Quill deposits. All areas between the existing stopes
have been estimated using a block model and ID3 estimation techniques. A resource constraining shell (Figure 11-3) has been explicitly
designed around known mineralization and used as a limit to resource estimates for the Project. Continued exploration drilling and geological
modelling is required to expand mineralization. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 100 

Figure
11-3 Interpretation of mineral envelope based on drilling, mining, and sampling of the deposit 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 101 

11.2 
 Database 

A
single database of composites was used for the Mineral Resource Estimation. Data for the composites was generated from production car
samples, channel samples and core drilling data. Table 11-2 through Table 11-4 display database statistics for the three sources of information
respectively. Production car samples are used alongside channel samples and drill data as they were found to closely represent mineralization
in place as detailed in section 9 of this report. 

Table
11-2 Statistics for 2020-2021 Drill Program. 41 Core holes 

2020-2021
 Drilling Assays 

ag_opt 
 ag_capped 
 pb 
 pb_capped 
 zn 
 zn_capped 

Composites 
 862 
 862 
 862 
 862 
 862 
 862 

Min
 Value 
 0.0146 
 0.0146 
 0.0005 
 0.0005 
 0.0005 
 0.0005 

Max
 Value 
 20.738 
 15 
 39.81 
 30 
 14.35 
 13 
 
 CFW 
 Mean
 Value 
 0.666 
 0.659 
 1.641 
 1.607 
 0.585 
 0.583 

Median
 Value 
 0.117 
 0.117 
 0.251 
 0.251 
 0.073 
 0.073 

Std.
 Deviation 
 1.676 
 1.606 
 4.260 
 3.990 
 1.461 
 1.447 

count 
 423 
 423 
 423 
 423 
 423 
 423 

min 
 0.0146 
 0.0146 
 0.0005 
 0.0005 
 0.0005 
 0.0005 

max 
 34.854 
 10 
 22 
 20 
 26.7 
 25 
 
 CHW 
 mean 
 0.743 
 0.669 
 1.642 
 1.637 
 2.760 
 2.756 

median 
 0.386 
 0.386 
 0.947 
 0.947 
 0.972 
 0.972 

std_dev 
 1.982 
 1.000 
 2.338 
 2.298 
 4.444 
 4.423 

count 
 363 
 363 
 363 
 363 
 363 
 363 

min 
 0.0146 
 0.0146 
 0.001 
 0.001 
 0.001 
 0.001 

max 
 8.254 
 8.254 
 13.15 
 13.15 
 23 
 23 
 
 QN 
 mean 
 0.346 
 0.346 
 0.576 
 0.576 
 1.019 
 1.019 

median 
 0.058 
 0.058 
 0.059 
 0.059 
 0.09 
 0.09 

std_dev 
 0.870 
 0.870 
 1.259 
 1.259 
 1.984 
 1.984 

Table
11-3 Statistics for pre-2020 Drilling from 220 Core Holes 

Historic
 Drilling Assays 

ag_opt 
 ag_capped 
 pb 
 pb_capped 
 zn 
 zn_capped 

count 
 2507 
 2507 
 2507 
 2507 
 2507 
 2507 

min 
 0.01 
 0.01 
 0.001 
 0.001 
 0.001 
 0.001 

max 
 131 
 25 
 43.4 
 25 
 44.8 
 32 
 
 QN 
 mean 
 0.673 
 0.608 
 1.540 
 1.502 
 3.846 
 3.838 

median 
 0.2 
 0.2 
 0.7 
 0.7 
 2.1 
 2.1 

std_dev 
 3.311 
 0.988 
 2.933 
 2.517 
 4.823 
 4.771 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 102 

Table
11-4 Statistics for Production Car Samples (4,059 samples) and 2020 Channel Samples (394 Samples) 

Production
 Samples and 2020 Channel Samples 

ag_opt 
 ag_capped 
 pb 
 pb_capped 
 zn 
 zn_capped 

Composites 
 - 
 - 
 27 
 27 
 29 
 29 

Min
 Value 
 - 
 - 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 0.1 

Max
 Value 
 - 
 - 
 3.4 
 3.4 
 2.1 
 2.1 
 
 CFW 
 Mean
 Value 
 - 
 - 
 1.048 
 1.048 
 0.548 
 0.548 

Median
 Value 
 - 
 - 
 0.8 
 0.8 
 0.3 
 0.3 

Std.
 Deviation 
 - 
 - 
 0.926 
 0.926 
 0.467 
 0.467 

Composites 
 85 
 85 
 211 
 211 
 212 
 212 

min 
 0.05 
 0.05 
 0.05 
 0.05 
 0.01 
 0.01 

max 
 4.42 
 4.42 
 17.6 
 17.6 
 36.9 
 25 
 
 CHW 
 mean 
 0.908 
 0.908 
 2.579 
 2.579 
 4.276 
 4.183 

median 
 0.7 
 0.7 
 1.9 
 1.9 
 2.85 
 2.85 

std_dev 
 0.725 
 0.725 
 2.340 
 2.340 
 4.710 
 4.168 

Composites 
 3000 
 3000 
 4059 
 4059 
 4059 
 4059 

min 
 0.01 
 0.01 
 0.05 
 0.05 
 0.01 
 0.01 

max 
 32.34 
 25 
 30.2 
 25 
 39 
 32 
 
 QN 
 mean 
 1.063 
 1.060 
 1.773 
 1.771 
 4.427 
 4.390 

median 
 0.68 
 0.68 
 1.21 
 1.21 
 3.325 
 3.3 

std_dev 
 1.390 
 1.341 
 1.846 
 1.828 
 3.751 
 3.734 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 103 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 104 

Figure
 11-4 Oblique View MRE Domains with Production and Channel Samples Zn 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 105 

Figure
11-5 5-Level UTZ Channel Samples Zn 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 106 

Figure
11-6 13-Level Quill Production Car Samples Zn 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 107 

Figure
11-7 Oblique View MRE Domains with 2020-2021 Drilling Zn 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 108 

Figure
11-8 Section View DDH 7021A 9-Level Newgard Looking SE (115 ). 2020-2021 Drill Holes Zn 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 109 

Figure
11-9 Section View DDH 7055 5-Level UTZ Looking SE (135 ). 2020-2021 Drill Holes Zn 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 110 

Figure
11-10 Oblique View MRE Domains with Pre-2020 Drilling Zn 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 111 

Figure
11-11 Section View DDH 6021 12-Level Quill Looking E (090 ). Pre-2020 Drill Holes Zn 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 112 

11.3 
 Capping 

Utilizing
the flag identifier for assay intervals included in each of the domains, capping values were decided based on a per-metal, per-domain
basis. Capping was assigned prior to compositing to better reflect actual assayed intervals. Intervals were extracted, and then used
to construct CDF plots to look at the upper end assay values and correlation to the rest of the data set. Overall, all groups showed
strong correlation throughout the assay value range indicating that capping values should lie close to the upper limit of received values.
Table 11-5 shows the various capping values used in the Mineral Estimation parameters. 

Table
11-5 Capped Values for Each Metal 

Capping
values assigned to assays prior to compositing. 

Figure
11-12 CDF Plot for Zn Assays Within the QN Mineral Domain 

 Plot
displays highest 25 of samples to better highlight capped segment. 

After
the capping values were determined, the capped field in the database was run through a script designed to adjust all negative and 0 
value assays to of the lower detection limit of the assay method for that element, or for historic data, the lowest value assigned
in historic logs representing the lowest detection limit at that time for that element. Capping results by domain are included in Table
11-2 through Table 11-4 above. 

11.4 
 Compositing 

Subsequent
to capping, 5-foot composites were generated for each of the three metals Pb Ag and Zn. There are far fewer Ag values than there are
Pb or Zn values in the database. Prior operators did not assay for Ag. Historically Ag was considered a by-product only. 

Composites
were broken on the domain and geologic boundaries. Production car samples are digitized as point data and were appended directly into
the composited database without length adjustment. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 113 

11.4.1 
 Declustering 

Assay
data is rarely collected randomly. This is certainly true for assays related to underground mining operations where samples are collected
every five feet in crisscross patterns such as Bunker. Large amounts of higher-grade areas contain the most assays. The data is important
and should not be changed but there is a requirement to adjust the summary statistics to be representative of the entire volume being
estimated. Cell declustering was applied to the capped composites values of the deposit. The parameters and results from the declustering
can be seen in Table 11-6, along with the adjusted declustered weight statistics of the composite database. Parameters were set to determine
the minimum mean weighted assay values of each of the metals over each of the three domains. This was done to help ensure that estimated
grades are representative of the entire volume and especially between levels where the clustered data has been collected every 200 feet
vertically. The declustered weights of the database assays were applied on a block-by-block basis in the block model. 

A
total of 8,598 declustered composite samples are contained in the database used to generate the Mineral Resource Estimation. Mineral
Resource Estimates in this report were estimated using a Net Smelter Return (NSR) cutoff value of 70/ton, in addition to the criteria
listed in Table 11-9, and thus excluded estimated regions of the Mineral Resource Domain not meeting those criteria. Assay intervals
and composites were flagged for inclusion within the Mineral Resource Domain. Not all assay intervals or composite samples contained
within the Mineral Resource Domain were used in the estimation of each block contained within the Mineral Resource Estimate as shown
in Table 11-10. The Reader is cautioned not to use Table 11-6 as an analogue to the reported Mineral Resource Estimate grades and values. 

Table
11-6 Composite Database Statistics and Declustering Parameters 

11.5 
 Density 

BHMC
started a systematic determination of the specific gravity of the mineral types during the 2020 drilling campaign. There has not been
enough data collected to determine a variance for the deposit at this time. A tonnage factor of 11.3 Ft^3/t was applied to mineralized
material of the Bunker Hill mine throughout the decades. The same factor has been applied to the MRE. 

11.6 
 Block
 Model 

Two
separate block models were created. One for UTZ and one for Quill-Newgard. The models were constructed to best capture the geometries
the domains. This helps recognize the shallower dip of UTZ. This is also important for subsequent mine planning exercises. Models were
populated with physical and estimation variables. Block tonnages have been by flagging blocks within historic mined-out or development
solids. Depletion represents percentages of the block mined, and these values were accounted for in all reporting stated for the MRE. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 114 

Table
11-7 Block Model Construction Details 

UTZ
Model zone contains both the Cfw and Chw domains 

11.7 
 Mineral
 Resource Estimation 

Search
parameters for the estimation ellipses were established using previous geological maps and production data from various levels of the
mine associated with the MRE mineralization. 

Table
11-8 Grade Estimation Search Parameters 

Cfw/Chw
domains were estimated with the same parameters 

11.8 
 Grade
 Estimation 

Metal
grades for the mineral resource are estimated using Inverse Distance Weighting. Inverse distance methods are a suite of weighted average
estimation methods. These result in estimates that are smoothed versions of the original sample data. Inverse distance methods are based
on calculating weights for the samples based on the distance from the samples to the centroid of a model block. This is essentially a
linear estimate where sample weights are assigned to composite values for all composites used in the estimate. The calculation of the
weights is based on the inverse of the distance between the composite and the center of the block being estimated. Sample weights are
standardized to a sum of 1 to ensure there is not a globally biased estimate. In the mining industry there are two common exponents used,
Inverse Distance squared (ID2) and Inverse Distance cubed (ID3). ID3 is used when large weights are desired for the closest composites.
This is applicable when the variable being estimated is erratic and the current data spacing is weighted (declustered) relative to the
data that would be available for mineral boundary decision making. Such as with metallic distributions of mineralization. ID3 methodologies
are widely used in the mining industry and have proven through the decades to be an acceptable and reliable methodology for the estimation
of metal distributions in both large-scale disseminated and tightly concentrated vein type mineral deposits. 

Three-pass
Inverse Distance Cubed (ID3) estimates were run for each of the composite metal values (Ag, Pb, Zn) with the same parameters for each
metal. Capped database values were used for all estimates. Results from visual, nearest-neighbor and statistical analysis showed the
ID3 model to well represent actual assay values versus estimated grade over both the QN and UTZ models. 

Figure
11-13shows the final mineral estimate distribution for Zinc for the three domains. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 115 

Figure
11-13 Estimated Zinc Mineralization 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 116 

11.9 
 Resource
 Classification 

Mineral
resources are classified in accordance with 229.1302(d)(1)(iii)(A) (Item 1302(d)(1)(iii)(A of Regulation S-K). Mineralization at
Bunker Hill has been categorized as Inferred Mineral Resources, Indicated Mineral Resources and Measured Mineral Resources, based upon
increasing levels of confidence in various physical characteristics of the deposit. Drill hole spacing, search neighborhoods, metallurgical
geological confidence and many other factors were used to give confidence in the MRE for the Project. Geological modeling for Bunker
Hill honors the geological information and knowledge of the mineral deposit. The location of the samples and the assay data are sufficiently
reliable to support resource evaluation. 

Classification
of mineral resources for Bunker Hill is based on the distance to the nearest samples used to derive the metal grades for each individual
block in the deposit. A minimum of three samples is required for the estimate to be considered a resource of any confidence. Classification
criteria are summarized in Table 11-9. 

Table
11-9 Classification Parameters 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 117 

Figure
11-14 Resource Classification Distribution of Quill and Newgard 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 118 

Figure
11-15 Resource Classification for UTZ Model Sections. Section view looking N45E. Measured blocks shown in Red, Indicated blocks shown
as Teal. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 119 

11.10 
 Mineral
 Resource Estimate Details and Sensitivities 

Tables
below illustrate the Mineral Resource Estimate for the Bunker Hill Mine, as well as various sensitivity analyses applied to cutoff grades,
NSR and metals prices. 

Table
11-10 summarizes the Bunker Hill Mineral Resource estimate exclusive of Mineral Reserves, classified in accordance with 229.1302(d)(1)(iii)(A)
(Item 1302(d)(1)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K). Reasonable prospects of eventual economic extraction, defined in this section of the report,
assume underground mining, mill processing and flotation. Mineralization at polymetallic mines typically require separate Pb flotation
and Zn flotation circuits. Mineral resources are estimated at 70/ton NSR. 

Net
smelter return (NSR) is defined as the return from sales of concentrates, expressed in US /t, i.e.: NSR = (Contained metal) (Metallurgical
recoveries) (Metal Payability (Metal prices) (Treatment, refining, transport and other selling costs). NSR values are
estimated using updated using metallurgical recoveries of 85.1 , 84.2 and 88.2 for Zn, Ag and Pb respectively, and concentrate grades
of 58 Zn in zinc concentrate, and 67 Pb and 12.13 oz/ton Ag in lead concentrate. 

Table
11-10 Bunker Hill Mine Mineral Resource Estimate Exclusive of Mineral Reserves NSR 70/ton cut off Ag selling price of
 20/oz (troy), Lead selling price of 1.00/lb, Zn selling price of 1.20/lb. Effective date of August29, 2022 

The
estimates of mineral resources may be materially affected if mining, metallurgical, or infrastructure factors change from those currently
assumed at Bunker. Estimates of inferred mineral resources have significant geological uncertainty and it should not be assumed that
all or any part of an inferred mineral resource will be converted to the measured or indicated categories of confidence. Mineral resources
that are not mineral reserves do not meet the threshold for reserve modifying factors, such as estimated economic viability, that would
allow for conversion to mineral reserves. 

Estimates
in Table 11 10 have been rounded to reflect the accuracy of the estimate and may not sum due to rounding. 

11.11 
 Grade
 Sensitivity Analysis 

Mineral
resources are sensitive to the selection of a cut-off NSR. To illustrate this sensitivity, the block quantities and grade estimates for
the estimated mineralization are presented in Table 11-11 at linear increases in the cut-off grades for Measured, Indicated and Inferred
mineral resources inclusive of mineral reserves at Bunker. The same results are presented graphically in Figure 11-16. The reader is
cautioned that Table 11-11 should not be misconstrued as a mineral resource. The reported quantities and grades are only presented as
a sensitivity of the resource model to the selection of varying NSR values. Mineral resources that are not mineral reserves do not meet
the threshold for reserve modifying factors, such as estimated economic viability, that would allow for conversion to mineral reserves.
Mineral Resources in the sensitivity analysis in Table 11 12 and grade vs tonnage chart in Figure 11 16 are stated as inclusive of Mineral
Reserves. The reader is cautioned not to add Mineral Reserves to Mineral Resources. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 120 

Table
11-11 NSR Cutoff Sensitivity Analysis on Mineral Resources Inclusive of Mineral Reserves 

Mineral
resources that are not mineral reserves do not meet the threshold for reserve modifying factors, such as estimated economic viability,
that would allow for conversion to mineral reserves. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 121 

Figure
11-16 Grade vs Tonnage Chart for NSR Cutoff Sensitivity for Bunker Hill Mineral Resources Inclusive of Mineral Reserves 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 122 

11.12 
 Sensitivity
 of Mineralization to Metal Prices 

The
sensitivity of mineralization defined by the evaluation of the mineral inventory at different metal prices was performed by estimating
metal prices at -20 and at metal prices +20 . Table 11-12 lists the amount of the mineralization that would support mineral resources
at those metal prices. Table 11-12 should not be misconstrued as mineral resources for the Project. These quantities are only meant to
describe mineralization volumes related to the described metal selling prices and are not to be considered independent Mineral Resource
Estimates. Mineral Resources in the sensitivity analysis in Table 11 12 are stated as inclusive of Mineral Reserves. The reader is cautioned
not to add Mineral Reserves to Mineral Resources. 

Table
11-12 Metals Price Sensitivity Analysis for Bunker Hill Mineral Resource Estimate Inclusive of Mineral Reserves 

11.13 
 MINERAL
 RESOURCES THAT ARE NOT MINERAL RESERVES DO NOT MEET THE THRESHOLD FOR RESERVE MODIFYING FACTORS, SUCH AS ESTIMATED ECONOMIC VIABILITY,
 THAT WOULD ALLOW FOR CONVERSION TO MINERAL RESERVES.QUALIFIED PERSON OPINION FURTHER WORK 

It
is of the opinion of the QP that through the recommendations outlined in section 23 of this TRS, issues relating to all applicable technical
and economic factors influencing the prospect of economic extraction can be resolved through further work. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 123 

12 
 Mineral
 Reserves 

12.1 
 Introduction 

Mineral
Reserves have been estimated for the Quill, Newgard and UTZ sections of the Project. Appropriate portions of Measured and Indicated (M
 I) Mineral Resources, meeting the below defined economic and technical criteria, were converted to Probable Mineral Reserves for
the mine. Measured Mineral Resources were converted to Probable Mineral Reserves because of uncertainties associated with modifying factors
that were taken into account in the conversion from Mineral Resources to Mineral Reserves. Modifying factors considered were limited
metallurgical work, minimal bulk mining / sampling of material in the Mineral Resource Estimate and current development advancement.
All waste and tailings products are assumed to be placed underground in known open voids. There are surface storage contingency plans
in the event additional capacity is required. Continued technical evaluations and advancement of mine development are required to estimate
Proven Mineral Reserves. 

The
Property has been mined continuously since the late 1800 s (strikes included) until the early 1980 s, with additional limited
development, exploration and production up until 1991. Figure 12-1 shows the general site layout and location of the Mineral Reserve
for Quill, Newgard and UTZ. 

Figure
12-1 Mine Design of Mineral Reserves Plan View 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 124 

Figure
12-2 Mine Design of Mineral Reserves - Long Section Looking North 

12.2 
 Assumptions,
 Methods and Parameters 

Measured
and Indicated Resources were converted to Probable Mineral Reserves by evaluating modifying factors such as operating cost, projected
metal revenues and estimated stope shapes and geometries. The Mineral Reserve Estimate has been prepared in accordance with 229.1302(e)(2)
(Item 1302(e)(2) of Regulation S-K). The general widths, plunge and shape of the Quill and Newgard mineralization lends itself well to
transverse (perpendicular to strike) long hole open stoping (LHOS) with fill utilizing rubber tire equipment. The UTZ deposit is more
amenable to cut-and-fill (CF) methods due to its shape and geometry. 

Mineral
reserve tonnages are expressed as dry short tons (i.e., no moisture) based on the density values included in the block model database.
Maptek s Vulcan Stope Optimization (Optimizer) algorithm was used to developed stope envelopes based on the NSR values of M 
I Resources only. A minimum 5-foot buffer was included around the worked-out stope areas. Delineation drilling is planned prior to mining
in support the short-term production mine plan and to identify areas that will require back fill prior to mining adjacent areas. 

12.2.1 
 Mining
 Recovery 

Extraction
of the planned mine shapes is assumed to be 100 of the NSR 80/ton plan. Breakeven NSR is 70/ton for LHOS and 75/ton for cut-and-fill
stopes. Details on economic cost assumptions relating to Breakeven NSR grades are described in section 12.2.3. 

12.2.2 
 Dilution 

Planned
dilution is included in the stope shapes at a zero grade. External unplanned dilution has been set at 5 as an average for all primary,
secondary and CF stopes with zero grade. 

12.2.3 
 Net
 Smelter Return (NSR) 

Net
Smelter Return (NSR) is defined as the proceeds from the sale of mineral products after deducting off-site processing, treatment, shipping
and other payable and non-payable costs. This is a common method to evaluate the value of polymetallic deposits. 

Two
concentrate streams will be produced during the milling process: a zinc concentrate and a lead/silver concentrate. Silver follows lead
though flotation and is payable under the lead smelting agreement. Silver reporting to the zinc concentrate is considered non-payable
as is zinc reporting to the lead concentrate. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 125 

Table
12-1 represents the estimated the metal prices, mill attributes and smelter treatment and refining charges used for calculating NSR block
model values. The QP used the selling prices of 20/oz (troy) for Silver, 1.00/lb for Lead, and 1.20/lb for Zinc. The selling prices
were guided by analysis of the CIBC Global Mining Group s Analyst Consensus Commodity Price Forecast for each respective metal
as of the effective date of the Mineral Resource Estimate. 

Table
12-1 NSR Calculation Assumptions for Cut-Off Value 

Gold
is also present in the lead concentrate, but not payable at this time. The NSR calculation assumes that the zinc concentrate is 58.0 
Zn, and the lead concentrate is 67.0 Pb. 

12.2.4 
 Stope
 Design Methodology 

The
model block size for the Quill and Newgard is 5 ft by 5 ft by 5 ft. Block size for the UTZ is 5 ft by 5 ft by 2.5 ft on the Z-axis. The
Selective Mining Unit (SMU) is 10 ft by 10 ft. The Optimizer provides the ability to analyze several cut-off NSR values over a range
to projected stope geometry and input criteria. The Optimizer only returns stope shapes that fit the search and input operating criteria,
it does not analyze capital development. It is up to designer to interpret the results and determine the optimum plan. It may return
stope shapes that may not be contiguous to the main body. These areas must be further analyzed to determine if including these outliers
returns the incremental capital investment. Areas that are too small or remote from the main access development to pay back the development
costs have been manually removed from the reserve. 

Several
alternate stope runs were made at NSR values above and below the nominal 70/ton breakeven cut-off value and various input criteria.
Cut Fill runs at 10 ft by 10 ft heading dimensions yielded a reasonable maximum of greatest metal yield. These were compared to
the more operationally economical, but less selective LHOS mining method. LHOS runs were made based on 20 ft wide by 50 ft high stopes.
The majority of the optimization runs were oriented transverse to strike which is the preferred orientation. LHOS widths were held at
20 ft primary and secondary stope widths for cost and schedule estimation pending final hydraulic fill strength testing and geotechnical
work. Expanding secondary stopes to a 30 ft or 35 ft width remains an up-side opportunity. Cut-and-fill stopes at 10 ft by 10 ft were
performed for the UTZ area due to the geometry and nature of the deposit. Cut-and-fill methods represent less than 3 of the reserves.
Bunker Hill s management team made the decision to base the mine plan on 80/ton NSR for all mining to maximize positive short
term cash flow. 

12.2.5 
 Cut-Off
 Value 

The
estimated operating cost and thus the breakeven cut-off NSR value is shown in Table 12-2. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 126 

Table
12-2 NSR Break Even Cut-Off Value 

(1)
Total cost/ton for power and mine site G/A were allocated based on percentage of LHOS and CF tons. 

 (2)
The mine plan is based on an NSR 80 operating cut-off value to maximize short term positive cash flow. 

 (3)
Mining costs escalate as mining advances below the 9-level due to longer haul distances. The above is the average over the life-of-mine. 

12.3 
 Mineral
 Reserve Estimate 

Mineral
Reserves were classified in accordance with 229.1302(e)(2) (Item 1302(e)(2) of Regulation S-K) Definition Standards. The mineral
reserve statement is presented in Table 12-3. Mineral Reserves are estimated at an NSR value cutoff of 80/short ton at the reference
point of saleable mill concentrates with an effective date of August 29, 2022. Aside from the previously stated modifying factors and
to the extent known, the QP knows of no additional relevant factors that could materially affect the stated Mineral Reserve Estimate. 

Table
12-3 Bunker Hill Mineral Reserve Estimate, Reference Saleable Mill Concentrates, August 29, 2022 Minetech, USA, LLC 

(1)
Plan Dilution is zero grade waste included in the designed stope shapes and probable tonnages 

 (2)
Unplanned dilution is 5 external dilution added at zero grade 

 (3)
Mineral Reserves stated are inclusive of all above mentioned dilutions and are factored for ore loss due to mining activities 

 (4)
Net smelter return (NSR) is defined as the return from sales of concentrates, expressed in US /t, i.e.: NSR = (Contained metal) (Metallurgical
recoveries) (Metal Payability (Metal prices) (Treatment, refining, transport and other selling costs). For the Mineral
Reserve Estimate, NSR values were calculated using updated open-cycle metallurgical results including recoveries of 85.1 , 84.2 and
88.2 for Zn, Ag and Pb respectively, and concentrate grades of 58 Zn in zinc concentrate, and 67 Pb and 12.13 oz/ton Ag in lead concentrate. 

 (5)
Mineral Reserves are estimated using a zinc price of 1.20 per pound, silver price of 20.00 per ounce, and lead price of 1.00 per pound. 

 (6)
Historic mining voids, stopes and development drifting have been depleted from the Mineral Reserve Estimate 

 (7)
Totals may not add up due to rounding 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 127 

13 
 Mining
 Methods 

13.1 
 Historical
 Mining at Bunker Hill 

The
Bunker Hill mine was established in 1885. It was operated until 1981 when it was closed due to low metal prices, an extended labor strike,
and capital short-falls required to meet new environmental standards. Although attempts were made to modernize and operate the mine until
1991, it was finally closed. By this time Bunker Hill had processed 35.78 million tons of mineralized material with head grades averaging
grades of 4.52 opt Ag, 8.76 Pb and 3.67 Zn, containing 161.72 million ounces of Ag, 3.13 million tons of Pb and 1.31 million tons of
Zn. Miners had a specific exemption from the draft during World War II due to the vital need for zinc and lead. Mining and development
methods evolved over the years and included square-set timber stoping, open stoping via caving methods, overhand cut-and-fill mining
with hydraulic fill and room-and-pillar mining with and without hydraulic fill. Long-hole stoping with fill, cut-and-fill and possibly
room-and-pillar mining with fill are the only methods economically viable for sustained operations today. Room-and-pillar mining is not
in the current plan. 

13.2 
 Mine
 Access 

A
new access ramp is being driven from the 5-level Russell portal (Wardner yard) down to the 6-level which should be completed in October
2022. The existing ramp from 6-level to 8-level will be upgraded for larger traffic and a new ramp from 8-level to 9-level will be driven.
9-level has been and will continue to be the main center of the underground infrastructure. It provides rail access out to the Kellogg
portal and main mine yard. A new ramp will be driven from the 9-level down to the 15-level, which is the lowest level developed in the
pre-feasibility plan. Levels below the 9-level are spaced at nominal 200 ft intervals. Sub-level access off the main ramps to the working
stopes is provided at nominal 50 ft intervals. These levels will be interconnected with raises to provide ventilation and secondary escape
routes. 

13.3 
 Planned
 Mining Methods 

13.3.1 
 Long-hole
 open stoping with hydraulic fill 

Long-hole
open stoping (LHOS) is employed with engineered hydraulic fill. This mining method is less selective than cut-and-fill (CF) mining however
can be accomplished at a lower cost due to greater labor efficiencies and reduced primary ground support and hydraulic fill requirement.
Long-hole panels are established by driving a top cut and bottom cut into the mineralized zone leaving a bench between the upper and
lower cuts. This bench is then extracted utilizing the top cut as drilling and loading access and the lower cut for mucking access. LHOS
are typically mucked with remote control equipment for safety. Stope centerlines are laid out and designated as alternating primary and
secondary excavations. The primary stopes are taken first with native rock on all sides. As they are mined-out, they are filled with
an engineered hydraulic backfill. The secondary stopes are then mined out adjacent to the primary backfill. The fill strength requirements
for secondary stopes are typically much less as they are the last excavations taken in an area. Secondary stopes are typically filled
with development material and low or zero cement content hydraulic fill. LHOS represents over 97 of the reserve tons. Planned dilution
is included in the stope shapes and defined as M I material below the cut-off value. External dilution is included at 5 for all
planned tons and set to zero grade. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 128 

Figure
13-1 Long-hole open stoping 

13.3.2 overhand
 cut and fill mining 

Overhand
cut-and-fill mining is a selective method that can maintain grade and minimize dilution. It has been a staple of underground mining in
the Coeur d Alene district for years. Rubber tire access ramps have replaced raises, slusher and rail car haulage systems and
provide greater production efficiencies. 

Overhand
mining is a bottom-up method to mine successive stope cuts between main mining levels. Typical cut dimensions are estimated at 10 ft
by 10 ft. Ground support is installed as required during each cut. As each cut is completed, it is filled with an engineered hydraulic
fill. Then the next stope cut is taken on top of the placed fill and the process repeated until the mining panel between main mine levels
is extracted. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 129 

Figure
13-2 Cut and fill mining 

The
cut and fill stopes are accessed via an inclined ramp developed between levels. The ramp provides ventilation, utilities, and secondary
escapeway as well as connecting the mine levels with rubber tire access. 

13.4 Geotechnical
 Parameters 

Beginning
in October of 2021 and completed in April of 2022, BHMC conducted a geotechnical investigation of the underground conditions at the Bunker
Hill Mine. Data collection involved a data analysis of RQD values logged with previous exploration drilling, geotechnical logging of
recently drilled rock cores and an extensive investigation of pre-existing underground excavations and development. 

The
Bunker Hill Mine is in the Northern Idaho Panhandle region underlain by the Belt-Purcell group of rocks. Mineralization at Bunker Hill
is hosted almost exclusively in the upper Revett formation sequence of quartzite dominant rocks. Historically mining followed outcropping
veins which did not require extensive geologic interpretation. In the 1970 s, after extensive mapping and comparison with drill
core, a stratigraphic model was developed, delineating the rocks of Bunker Hill into three major categories. 

Quartzite
 (Q): Fine grained, thick bedded to massive. Mineralization dominantly hosted in this unit. 

Sericitic
 Quartzite (SQ): Fine grained, thick to thinly bedded. Interstitial sericitization during metamorphism. Mineralization also hosted
 in this unit. 

Siltite-Argillite
 (SA): Dominantly mud, silt or clay protolith. Thinly bedded, planar. Mineralization is not dominantly hosted in this unit. 

The
ground conditions at Bunker Hill are reported to be good to excellent. Bunker Hill did not have a history of problematic rock burst events
as the Silver Valley mines to the east. Bunker Hill is also much shallower than other Silver Valley mines. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 130 

13.4.1 Underground
 investigation 

A
site visit was performed by Golder Associates USA Inc. in November of 2021. An underground tour of the mine was conducted to observe
the rock mass conditions in the area of previous excavations, future mining areas and develop an understanding of the low RQD values
logged in the drill hole database. The tour involved entering through the 5-level Russell Tunnel at Wardner and exiting through the 9-level
at the Kellogg Tunnel. Both the UTZ and Quill-Newgard portions at and above the 9-level of the mine were investigated. Some general observations
were collected. 

In
 general, the excavations are stable and mostly unsupported. The quality of the rock mass as observed in the excavations is generally
 good and there is little variability throughout the mine. 

The
 RQD values collected during the 2020-2021 drill campaign are consistent with the highly-fractured nature of the core in the boxes,
 the values are not representative of the favorable stability of the excavations observed during the underground visit. 

The
 quartzite is a competent bedded rock mass with minor alteration observed as iron staining withing the discontinuities. The water
 present does not seem to impact the stability of the excavations. 

Rock
 mass performance seems to be independent of lithology and alteration. However, regional structures do impact the stability of excavations. 

13.4.1.1 McGatlin
 Cave Area 

Historical
caving mining area resulted in large open excavations being created that have maintained a stable profile. The McGatlin cave area is
approximately 500 in height between 3 sub-levels (Bunker 4, 5 and 6). It is approximately 150 wide across mineralization
strike and varies in length along strike. It is unsupported and unfilled. The hanging wall of the openings was structurally controlled
by quartzite beds dipping to the south-west that appeared to have an ISRM (International Society of Rock Mechanics) UCS strength estimate
of R4, which is classified to be strong. Water was both dripping and flowing from the excavation. No falling or sloughing material was
observed at the time. Development in the area was either unsupported or observed to have mechanical anchor bolts with straps in the back. 

13.4.1.2 051-level
 UTZ Fingers 

The
 fingers on the 5-level of the mine are the upper-most proposed area of future mining in the UTZ portion of the MRE. The
development ranges from 10 to 12 in height and is unsupported. The access ramp to the UTZ fingers was inspected where it
crosses the Cate Fault. In this section of drift, the dimensions are 25 high and 20 wide with no ground support. The rock
mass in the Cate Fault area is quartzite. Discontinuities were observed but no significant dilation or opening along structure greater
than 1 were evident. The core holes drilled in this area remain open and in good condition. 

Cell
mapping was completed in this area to collect rock mass rating (RMR 76 data in the fingers where recent panel shots had been
taken for metallurgical testing (Figure 13-3). The estimated RMR 76 of the face mapped is 70 . 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 131 

Figure
13-3 Cell Mapping Location 5-Level UTZ Fingers. Pen For Scale. 

13.4.1.3 6-Level
 to 8-Level Ramp 

The
area from the 5-level through the 8-level of the mine is accessible through the Cherry shaft and an internal ramp down from 6-level to
the 8-level. The upper area of the Quill-Newgard planned stoping areas can be accessed through this internal ramp system. Level 8 of
the mine has numerous openings from pervious mining ranging in dimension from 7 to 18 high and 6 to 15 wide.
Most of the excavations are unsupported. Some of the larger intersections (approximately 25 spans) have metal straps installed
with mechanical point anchored bolts. The rock is bedded quartzite with an iron oxide mineral coating and an ISRM strength estimate of
R4 which is classified as being strong. Slight overbreak was observed preferentially along the strike of the bedding planes. A few of
the pillars were inspected and indication of stress loading or loss of material from the pillars was observed. 

Figure
13-4 Development Intersection on the 8-level of the Mine 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 132 

13.4.1.4 Span
 Analysis of Large Underground Excavations 

A
review of the lithology and dimensions of existing large, stable open excavations at Bunker Hill was conducted. Analysis included review
of large infrastructure excavations, sub-level cave openings and intersections of development drifting. 

Table
13-1 Dimensions of Existing Underground Excavations Used for Span Analysis 

Figure
13-5 Detail on 5-level McGatlin Stope (With Sections) Used for Span Analysis 

From
this review, and the fact that the large excavations already exist unsupported and are in good condition in a similar geologic setting,
it is concluded that the stability of the proposed open stopes of 20 wide, 15 to 85 long and 80 high is likely
to be good. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 133 

13.4.2 Inspection
 of Drill Core 

The
core from 17 drill holes was inspected at the core logging facility on site. Most of the core inspected had been split in half for assay.
The following observations were made from the split core: 

The
 core was extremely fractured, much more than would be expected based on underground conditions at the mine. 

The
 condition of the core observed in the core logging facility and the logged RQD values are not considered representative of the generally
 favorable stability of the excavations observed underground. The rock mass contains micro-weaknesses that result in fracturing of
 the core when drilled, but these weaknesses do not adversely impact the stability of the excavations observed underground. Splitting
 of the core likely resulted in additional fracturing of the core. 

Rock
 mass characterization (NGI-Q or RMR 76 estimated from core logging grossly underestimates the quality of the rock mass.
 The rock mass does not appear to be well characterized by common rock mass characterization systems (RMR and Q). 

Very
 few sections of moderate to high alteration were identified in the core in the area of the proposed mining indicating that alteration
 would not have a significant impact in assessing the stability of excavations. 

13.4.3 Strength
 Estimates 

ISRM
strength estimates were recorded for a total of 1779 of drill core. A total of 96 of the logged information indicated that the
ISRM strength was R4 (50 to 100 Mpa, R4) which is classified as Strong rock. 

Figure
13-6 ISRM Field Strength Index Distribution (in and Core Feet Logged) 

Core
samples were collected and sent to Golder s rock laboratory testing facility in Burnaby, BC Canada for UCS testing. The manner
in which each sample failed was recorded as follows: 

Discrete:
 Shear failure along one discrete feature (weakness) 

Homogeneous:
 Failure through homogenous rock matrix by extension 

Failure
 Network: Failure completely along multiple veins, or around clasts, etc 

Combined:
 Failure by a combination of shear failure on discrete features and extension or shear failure through the homogenous rock matrix 

The
results correlate with the ISRM strength estimates collected during the site visit, both indicating generally Very Strong Rock (R5) for
homogenous failures and Strong Rock (R4) for other failure types. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 134 

Table
13-2 Summary of UCS Laboratory Results 

13.4.4 Geotechnical
 Design 

A
review of the layout of the development drifts relative to the historical production mining in the UTZ Fingers areas from 8-level up
to 5-level was carried out to assess stand-off distances at which there is a low probability of adverse interactions between development
and stoping. The historical stand-off distance at the location checked on 8-level was as narrow as 10 ft at some locations but was between
18 ft to 20 ft at higher levels up to 5-level. Golder Associates recommend at least 25 ft of offset distance be maintained for stope
access drifts. 

13.4.4.1 Ground
 Support Recommendations 

Most
of the existing excavations underground were unsupported and the stability generally appeared to be good. Mining personnel working in
unsupported excavations is a safety concern and ground support is recommended for new excavations. Further rock mass characterization
and testing is required to refine the recommendations on adequate ground support requirements for the various development dimensions
of future mining activities underground. BHMC plans to use friction anchor rock bolts and a combination of steel mats and chain-link
wire to support ground in development drifts with a dimension up to 15 wide x 15 high. This is in combination with the
use of 8 -long #7 resin grouted rebar with plates and nuts in the back of the drifts. Additional resin grouted rebar ground support
will be utilized in intersections where span distances exceed 15 . 

Production
development should take into consideration the potential impacts of the stress redistributions as mining progresses. BHMC will monitor
ground support conditions as mining and development progress deeper in the mine and adjust ground support implementation as required.
Development directly adjacent to or driven through structural zones of poor ground conditions will require additional ground support
investigations and alterations to the ground support plan associated with development not located in structural zones. 

13.4.4.2 Hydraulic
 (Paste) Backfill Strength Requirements 

LHOS
and CF mining methods require backfill upon completion of the stope mining cycle. Planned dimensions of the LHOS are 20 ft wide, 50 ft
high and range from 15 ft to over 85 ft long as a single panel. The strength requirement evaluation for paste backfill is based on the
free-standing capacity of fill required when a secondary stope is mined and exposes a side wall of the fill mass. Based on the planned
stope dimensions in the mine plan, the design UCS is 250 kPa (36.3 pounds per square inch [psi]) for an exposed height of 25m (80 ),
a length of 8m (25 ), a density of 21 kilonewtons per cubic meter (kN/m 3 and a factor of safety (FOS) of 1.5. 

13.4.5 Recommended
 Additional Work 

The
above geotechnical assessment by Golder Associates USA should be expanded once additional core drilling has begun. Conservative ground
support installation patterns, pillar widths (ramp setbacks), and stope dimensions have been used in the mine plan and cost model based
on the QP s experience. There are definite cost advantages to increasing stope dimensions (e.g., 30 ft secondary stope widths). 

Core
should be logged at the drill by an experienced geotechnical geologist or engineer. Additional down hole televiewer surveys and logging
are also recommended. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 135 

A
conceptual model should be constructed and include domains delineated according to: 

Geomechanical
 characterization of domains (Q , RMR 89 , RQD, rock strength, weathering, joint set orientations and joint character). 

Definition
 of engineering properties of the rock (intact and rock mass as well as joint characteristics and joint strengths). 

Spatial
 distribution of geomechanical design domains (i.e., domaining by rock type, structural zones or spatial volumes). 

The
mine should develop and maintain Mathews-Potvin Stability graphs based on this work and modify as required with operating experience. 

13.4.6 Hydraulic
 (Paste) Backfill 

In
Q4 of 2021 BHMC engaged Patterson Cooke USA Ltd. (P C) to conduct testing on both tails thickening and a hydraulic (paste)
backfill system to meet the identified geotechnical strength requirements. For the testing, approximately 50 gallons of tailings material
produced from the metallurgical test program outlined in this report was sent to a P C testing facility, along with approximately
20 gallons of process water. 

13.4.6.1 Tailings
 Thickening 

The
first stage in the backfill process will involve the thickening of tailings produced from the mill/process facility located within the
mill/process facility building. Initial testing found the tails product to consist of 58.8 m (by mass) solids (density of 2,699 +/-16
kg/m 3 ), the zero free-water testing showed 75 m solids. Both of these figures result from a 16 m pull concentrate load, the
remaining being tails product. Tails product included material from both the Pb and Zn circuits of the processing plant. With continued
optimization and variability testing of the process workflow this mass pull will be adjusted accordingly in future plant engineering
but is not projected to materially change. 

Figure
13-7 Flotation Tailings Wet Sieve Particle Size Distribution 

Additional
test work was completed on the tailings products including pH, mineralogy and conductivity. The process water was then characterized,
and the zero free water material tested for cake resistance, zeta potential and particle settling behavior. Dynamic high-rate thickener
tests and dynamic batch thickener bed consolidation tests were conducted for the tails thickening test work. Further rheological testing
was conducted on the thickened tails products and carrier fluid to identify the transportable and flow moisture points. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 136 

Table
13-3 Thickener Underflow Bed Consolidation Summary 

Table
13-4 Transportable Moisture Limit 

13.4.6.2 Filter
 and Binder Testing 

In
order to generate a bindable product, filtration tests were run on the thickened tailings material for both a vacuum and pressure filtration
circuit. Summary of the results determined that optimum flow moisture point was achievable at all chamber widths tested in both scenarios.
For operational implementation, BHMC will use vacuum filtration for the UG paste distribution plant. Further dewatering of thickened
tails product, if needed to produce a typical dry stack product, could be achieved with the use of pressure filtration. 

To
investigate the binder requirements and properties of binder-added, filtered thickened tailings material, a 5 binder (cement) added
product was created for testing with a viscometer and a slump cylinder to generate curves for Boger yield stress vs. cemented paste mass
concentration. 

Figure
13-8 Static Vane Yield Stress vs. Solids Mass Concentration 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 137 

Unconfined
compression strength (UCS) testing was required to match against geotechnical recommendations and test the adequacy of the paste product.
Binder was added using a ribbon mixer at various concentrations. Binder used was Ashgrove Portland Cement Type I/II. Additional tests
were carried out using a 4.8 cement addition to a filtered, thickened tailings product pre-mixed with 0.9 mass component of a high-density
sludge (HDS) product collected from the EPA s central water treatment plant (CTP) for future potential inclusion in the paste backfill
as a sequestration method. Although current mine plans do not envision Bunker Hill operating its own water treatment plant for mine effluent,
and therefore not producing a HDS material requiring sequestration, Bunker Hill has access to HDS material from the CTP if it is found
to be beneficial as an additive to stope backfill. 

Table
13-5 UCS Test Results (UCS in kPa) 

Geotechnical
recommendations from Golder and Associates on UCS strength for the proposed stoping dimensions was 250 kPa. All binder concentrations
tested met the recommended strength requirements by the 7-day cure timeline. This allows for future optimization and cost reduction with
the use of lower binder concentrations and continued HDS addition. Stope sequencing will allow for cure times of greater than 28 days,
further allowing for test work investigating reduction in binder addition concentrations. Results from this test work went into the development
of GA and equipment specifications regarding the proposed underground backfill system at the Bunker Hill Mine. 

13.4.6.3 Backfill
 Plant Operations 

At
the completion of both long hole stoping and cut and fill stoping there will be a need for a backfill component to allow for the adjacent
stopes to be mined. This will be accomplished using an engineered hydraulic (paste) backfill system to pump binder-added, thickened tailings
back into the mined-out stope voids. The tailings from the process plant will be sent to a tailings thickener located in the mill/process
building. Thickened tailings will be pumped to an adjacent building where a vacuum filter cake will be produced. This filter cake will
the back hauled to the Wardner portal site via the same off-road haul trucks bring ore down to the mill. The filter cake will be mixed
with the required binder components at Wardner and pumped underground. Surge piles of filter cake at the mill and Wardner site allow
for operational flexibility for both the mine and mill. 

13.4.6.4 Backfill
 Plant Opex 

Paste
plant operational costs have been estimated on an annual basis for a 1,500 tpd production rate. With the increase to 1,800 tpd production
rate, additional OPEX detail is planned with continued detail plant engineering but is not projected to show material changes. Continued
test work will focus on optimization of binder additions and flocculant requirements to reduce consumption rates to match geotechnical
requirements. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 138 

Table
13-6 Paste Backfill Plant Annual OPEX 

13.5 Mine
 planning and Scheduling 

The
Wardner backfill plant will produce engineered geotechnical hydraulic fill for the mining operations and a pumpable tailing product to
be placed in existing open stopes and select secondary stopes. Mix design and binder content vary depending on use requirements. Delineation
drilling in advance of mining will be used to confirm final stope geometries and identify historically non-filled stopes which will be
appropriately backfilled prior to new mining advancements. 

Contract
mining is envisioned with the current contractor, Coeur d Alene Mine Contracting (CMC) supplying mine supervision, labor and explosives.
Bunker Hill will provide materials, supplies, engineering, geology and overall site management. Mining equipment has either been purchased
or will be purchased by Bunker. 

Table
13-7 Bunker Hill and Contractor Labor Requirements 

Table
13-8 Bunker Hill and Contractor Equipment Requirements 

Production
is scheduled to begin in the 4 th quarter of 2023 and ramp up to 1,800 tpd over the two quarters following commencement of
production. Initial production will be target above the 9-level as the lower levels are developed. The mine plan is developed to allow
sequential water draw-down as new production horizons are required. This sequencing is continued to the 15-level which is the lowest
level developed in the pre-feasibility plan. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 139 

Table
13-9 Production Schedule 

(1) 
 September
 2022 December 2023 includes initial Capex period 

Table
13-10 Capital and Expensed Development Quantities Schedule 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 140 

Figure
13-9 Planned Mine Development and Production Stopes (with Currently Accessible Mine Drifts) 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 141 

Figure
13-10 Planned Mine Development and Production Stopes (Cross Section) Showing Historically Mined Areas (Grey) 

13.6 Ground
 Support 

Ground
conditions are generally good to excellent at Bunker. Typical access ramp and development headings are designed at a nominal 12 ft H
by 12 ft W cross section. This is a minimum so with overbreak slightly greater. CF headings are costed at 10 ft H by 10 ft W. LHOS sill
dimensions are 15 ft H and 20 ft W with a bench depth of 35 ft for both primary and secondary stopes. 

Table
13-11 Estimated Ground Support 

An
average cost of 15.59 / ft was used for matts and wire in the development headings and LHOS sill cuts. Additional resin rebar bolting
is expected in intersections. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 142 

13.7 Grade
 Control 

Bunker
Hill will maintain a mine geology program to collect and analyze data from both development and production headings to maintain and provide
QA/QC data for mine to model and mine to mill reconciliations. Mine geologists will be responsible for the visitation of active mining
areas to collect rock sample and mapping data. For long hole stope areas, the top and bottom cuts will provide direct access to the mineralized
material for collection by channel sampling. Detailed drift mapping will add to the already extensive geologic digitization of historic
geologic maps. With the current mine design, there is also the opportunity for the use of core drilling to assist in the delineation
and sampling of portions of the mineralized body ahead of the driving of the top and bottom stope cuts. Allowance for grade control geologic
activities is accounted for in the cost build-up for stoping activities. Due to the nature of the bluebird style mineralization to be
encountered in the UTZ, Quill and Newgard sections of the MRE, strict geologic control will not be the main focus of underground geologic
methods, but rather to allow for the continued refinement of grade control and resource models, in addition to providing top-line numbers
to assist in full-ROM reconciliation programs. 

13.8 Mine
 Ventilation 

The
mine ventilation requirements were modeled using VNET (Mine Ventilation Services software now part of SRK Consulting). The extents of
the underground workings are immense. Access is limited to several workings in the mine and air flows have been measured flowing into
areas which are currently inaccessible. The mine has substantial natural ventilation flows most of the year. It has been naturally ventilated
prior to the fan installations this year to support the drive from the 5 to 6-level. A combination of the 1981 ventilation paper maps,
digitized level maps, lidar level and raise surveys, input from Bunker Hill safety and survey personnel, in addition to CMC personnel
was used to construct the model. Air flow quantity measurements have been routinely recorded during the start-up; however, a differential
pressure survey has not been performed. The airway resistance k-factors used are empirically derived from other similar airways aggregated
from a number of mines and published by other sources. Once the 5 to 6-level ramp is completed, and the first main mine fan is installed,
a field vent survey can be conducted and k-factors adjusted as required. Additional ventilation work is required and will be part of
Bunker Hills ongoing engineering duties. 

13.8.1 Ventilation
 From the 5-Level to the 9-Level 

The
main airways for the mine levels above the 9-level are the 5-level from the Russell portal and Hanna stope area to the top of the Newgard
ramp, the Newgard ramp, the Cherry Raise which connects 9-level to the surface above and to the east of the Russell portal above Wardner,
the S. Chance raise which connects the 7, 8 and 9-levels and the KT which daylights at the Kellogg portal. Temporary fans as of September
2022 are installed to draw air in from the Cherry raise and out the Russell Portal and Hanna stope area. Booster fans and fan lines support
the Newgard ramp drive to the 6-level. The first main mine fan will be installed with an airlock in the Newgard ramp just above where
it is planned to intersect the 6-level. This fan will be a Spendrup 84 400 hp which is in the process of being purchased along
with other fans and equipment from Teck s Pend Oreille mine which is being closed. This fan will initially operate at about 180
kcfm and 5 water gage (w.g.) drawing air down from the 5-level Russell Portal/Hanna area ramp and forcing it out the Cherry raise
and KT to the Kellogg portal. The fan location in the Newgard ramp just above the 6-level will minimize recirculation on the intake side.
Bulkheads and other stopping will be installed as required on the levels to prevent short circuiting of air prematurely up the Cherry
raise. Booster fans and vent lines will support the Newgard drive from the 8-level to the 9-level. Air will flow down the S. Chance raise
and current manway to the 9-level providing a fresh air base at the top of the 8 to 9-level Newgard ramp as it is being driven. Figure
13-11 show the VNET isometric view of the upper levels vent plan looking to the northwest. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 143 

Figure
13-11 Isometric View of Upper-Level Vent Plan (Looking Northwest) 

13.8.2 Ventilation
 From the 9-Level to the 15-Level 

The
Newgard ramp will continue to be driven from the 9-level down to the 15-level to serve as primary access to these levels. A new raise
is required to move air from the 8-level to the top of this new ramp (8.5 to 9.5 Newgard raise). An airlock at the top of the 9 to 10-level
ramp will allow the fan placed at the bottom of this new raise to force air down the ramp. A portion of the 9-level from the base of
the Cherry raise will be upgraded and another new ramp and fan drift will be driven to intersect the 9 to 10-level Newgard ramp. These
two fans will support mining at the lower levels with air down the Newgard and return air coming across the existing levels, up the existing
#1, #2 and #3 shafts; and the new level raises and manways which will interconnect the 50 ft stope levels between the main mine levels
(~200 ft). An additional exhaust airway will be established on the 8-level above the #1 and #2 shaft area to exhaust out through a combination
of upgraded levels and new development raises and ramps to Wardner. Once the 9 to 10-level ramp is driven and flowthrough is obtained,
the Cherry raise fan can be started which will now draw air down the Cherry raise. Intake airways will be the Cherry raise and the Newgard
ramp via the new 8 to 10-level ramp raise. Exhaust will continue out the KT and out the new exhaust established from 8-level to Wardner.
Two additional fans will be required at the bottom of the S. Chance raise and 9-level access to the #3 shaft. Both of these fans are
small and considered fan splits in lieu of bulkheads to prevent dead air and possible recirculation. 

Table
13-12 Estimated Mine Fan Requirements 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 144 

Table
13-13 Isometric View of VNET Ventilation Model 5-level to 10-level (Looking Northwest) 

The
ventilation plan assumes there will be communication with the old workings and the shafts once they are dewatered. This is likely, considering
the condition of the rest of the mine. 

13.9 Other
 Mine Relevant Conditions 

The
mine is currently flooded to just above the 11-level. Pumps are located in the #2 shaft compartment to maintain this level. Level collection
will be established, and pumping will continue and underground wells or upper-level clean water inflow sumps will be installed to provide
a source of mine process and drill water. Mine and process water will also be available via multiple historic drill holes that have intercepted
fresh water and have been grouted and headered into supply lines. The development cost estimate includes installation of mine water,
discharge water, communications, electric and air lines to and from the working headings. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 145 

14 Recovery
 Methods 

The
conceptual process flowsheet and the process design criteria were developed based on the completed locked-cycle test work done by Resource
Development Inc. (RDi) and the historical plant description. 

14.1 Process
 Plant and Design - Introduction 

Bunker
Hill plans to re-construct a crush-grind-flotation-concentration mill from the nearby Pend Oreille (PO) mine in northern Washington on
the Bunker Hill Kellogg Mine Yard. There currently is a large building that housed the historic machine shop at the Bunker Hill mine
that will first need to be dismantled and removed for access to the existing slab. The future structures to house the grind-flotation-concentration
circuit, as well as the secondary crushing circuit and concentrate storage facilities will need to be constructed. 

The
process consists of a primary and secondary ore crushing circuit, then a primary grinding circuit followed by two separate flotation
circuits to recover lead, zinc, silver and gold into two separate concentrate products; a lead, silver, gold concentrate and a zinc concentrate.
Approximately 648,000, short tons of ore will be processed a year at a rate of 1,800 stpd, or 79 stph at 95 availability. From the metallurgical
tests outlined in this report, a process flow diagram was constructed as shown in Figure 14-1. 

The
flotation tailings are thickened and backfilling underground under the current startup plan. Later, tailings will be sent to a paste
backfill processing facility underground and the remaining thickened tailings to the dry-stack tailings facility for storage. Overflow
streams from the tailings thickeners reports to the main process water collection tank, where it is treated and recycled for re-use in
the plant according to process needs. 

An
operational and metallurgical review of process plant operations in recent months and metallurgical test programs have resulted in the
identification of substantial improvements to the current process flowsheet and equipment to increase operating availability and product
quality while maximizing production. 

Process
improvements currently planned for the Bunker Hill plant are based on operating experience by mill staff, technical reviews by consultants,
and on metallurgical test results provided in and the interpretations derived from the recent test programs. The findings of these metallurgical
test programs are summarized in previous sections of this report. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 146 

Figure
14-1 Bunker Hill Process Flowsheet 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 147 

14.2 Process
 Plant Design Criteria Process Plant Design Criteria 

The
plant is designed to process 1,800 short tons per day (stpd) with an overall availability of 95 . The design criteria are given in Table
14-1. 

Table
14-1 Design Criteria 

No. 
 
 Parameter 
 
 Unit 
 
 Value 
 
 Source 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 1. 
 
 Plant
 tonnage 
 
 stpd 
 
 1800 
 
 Client 
 
 2. 
 
 Plant
 availability 

95 
 
 Pro
 Solv 
 
 3. 
 
 ROM
 moisture 

3 
 
 Pro
 Solv 
 
 4. 
 
 Design
 plant throughput 
 
 Stpd/stph 
 
 1900/79 
 
 Calculated 
 
 5. 
 
 Specific
 gravity 
 
 g/cc 
 
 2.8 
 
 Calculated 
 
 6. 
 
 Bulk
 density 
 
 Lb/cu.
 Feet 
 
 125 
 
 Measured 
 
 CRUSHING 
 
 7. 
 
 Operating
 hours 
 
 hr./day 
 
 16 
 
 Assumed 
 
 8. 
 
 Crusher
 availability 

75 
 
 Assumed 
 
 9. 
 
 Crusher
 feed 
 
 stph 
 
 125 
 
 Calculated 
 
 10. 
 
 ROM
 feed, F 80 
 
 Ins 
 
 8 
 
 Assumed 
 
 11. 
 
 Primary
 crusher product, P 80 
 
 Ins 
 
 2.5 

12. 
 
 Secondary
 crusher, P 80 
 
 Ins 
 
 0.5 

13. 
 
 Screen
 opening 
 
 Ins 

Assumed 
 
 14. 
 
 Screen
 undersize, P 80 
 
 Ins 

15. 
 
 Fine
 storage bin capacity 
 
 hrs. 
 tons 
 
 12 
 815 
 
 Assumed 
 calculated 
 
 MILLING 
 
 16. 
 
 Ball
 Mill Work Index 

13.7-15.6 
 
 RDi/SGS 
 
 17. 
 
 Design
 BW i 

15.6 
 
 Pro
 Solv 
 
 18. 
 
 Mill
 Feed, F 80 
 
 Microns 
 tph 
 
 12,500 
 68 
 
 Crusher
 product 
 calculated 
 
 19. 
 
 Mill
 Product, P 80 
 (cyclone
 overflow) 
 
 microns 
 
 75-104 
 
 RDi 
 
 FLOTATION 
 
 20. 
 
 Lead
 Rougher Flotation 
 
 min 
 
 8 
 
 RDi 
 
 21. 
 
 Zn
 Rougher Flotation 
 
 min 
 
 20 
 
 Calculated 
 
 22. 
 
 Pb
 Cleaner 1 Flotation 
 
 min 
 
 12 
 
 Assumed 
 
 23. 
 
 Pb
 Cleaner 2 Flotation 
 
 min 
 
 8 
 
 Assumed 
 
 24. 
 
 Pb
 Cleaner 3 Flotation 
 
 min 
 
 5 
 
 Assumed 
 
 25. 
 
 Zn
 Cleaner Flotation 
 
 Same
 as lead cleaners 
 
 Assumed 

26. 
 
 Pb
 Concentrate Thickener 
 
 Ft 2 /t/day 
 
 1 
 
 Assumed 
 
 27. 
 
 Pb
 Concentrate Filter 
 
 lb./ft 2 /hr. 
 
 300 
 
 Assumed 
 
 28. 
 
 Zn
 Concentrate Thickeners 
 
 Ft 2 /t/day 
 
 1 
 
 Assumed 
 
 29. 
 
 Zn
 Concentrate Filter 
 
 lb./ft 2 /hr. 
 
 300 
 
 Assumed 
 
 30. 
 
 Tail
 Thickeners 
 
 Diameter,
 ft 
 
 30 
 
 Assumed 
 
 31. 
 
 Regrinding
 mill 
 
 HP 
 
 500 
 
 Calculated 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 148 

14.3 Plant
 Design 

The
simplified process flowsheet of the Bunker Hill plant was the basis of the process plant engineering study. 

14.4 Process
 Plant Description 

The
process was modeled in METSIM, a specialized metallurgical process simulator to optimize feed sizes and consumptions to assemble a complete
plant throughput model. ROM material to be processed will be delivered to the surface storage stockpile by overland haulage from the
5-level of the mine along a re-habilitated haulage route. Material will be brought out of the mine after passing through an initial grizzly
screen to a minus 8 size. From the surface stockpile, material will be loaded into the hopper to be processed through the primary
jaw crusher. Jaw crusher discharge is set to a top size of approximately 2 . From the jaw crusher discharge, material will travel
by conveyor to the secondary crushing circuit. 

A
set of 2 Metso 7-60 Hydro-Cone cone crushers will be housed in the secondary crushing building. Both crushers will be utilized during
the crushing campaigns so crushing activities can be limited to one shift per day. Should it be required, one crusher can remain in use
for secondary crushing while the second maintenance is conducted on the other crusher. Screens for the oversize separation step are 4 x10 
and a return conveyor is planned for delivery back to the cone crusher for oversized material. From the secondary crushing circuit, material
travels to the fine ore bin. Crushed material has a P 80 between 0.265 and 0.375 . The fine ore bin is to be located
on the north end of the future process facility structure. 

Table
14-2 Crusher Configuration 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 149 

Figure
14-2 General View of Crusher Area 

Material
from the fine ore bin is conveyed to a closed loop ball mill circuit for primary grinding. Primary grinding will reduce the material
to a P 80 of 74 microns. Classification will take place via a multi hydrocyclone cluster that receives the ground material
for classification with the oversize material in the cyclone underflow returning to the ball mill for further grinding. Classified material
in the cyclone overflow will be sent to the lead rougher/scavenger stage of flotation. 

The
initial flotation stage consists of a bank of lead rougher/scavenger cells. From this stage the rougher concentrate overflow component
will be sent to a re-grind milling circuit, while the rougher tailings will be sent to the zinc flotation circuit. Lead rougher concentrate
is sent to a regrind ball mill with a discharge of P 80 325 mesh. An additional hydrocyclone cluster will classify the re-ground
material with the oversize being sent back to the ball mill. Classified material is then transported to the first stage of lead cleaner
flotation cells. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 150 

Underflow
tailings from the first lead cleaner stage will report to the zinc flotation circuit, overflow concentrate will report to a second stage
of cleaner cells. Second cleaner concentrate will be transported to a third stage of cleaner cells, of which the final lead concentrate
product will be made from the concentrate overflow of the third cleaner step. The second lead cleaner tail will be sent back to the regrind
circuit and back through the cleaner circuit. Tailings underflow from the third cleaner will be sent back through the feed of the second
cleaner circuit, of which all eventual underflow material will be transported to the zinc circuit. 

Table
14-3 Lead Flotation Circuit Configuration 

The
zinc circuit, receiving the tailings underflow from the initial lead rougher/scavenger and the first lead cleaner begins with a zinc
rougher/scavenger cell bank. Tailings underflow is sent to final tailings discharge with concentrate overflow progressing through a 3-stage
series of re-circulated cleaner cell banks. Sequential underflows are sent back to eventually generate a tails product from the first
stage of cleaning. Final overflow material from the third cleaner stage will report to the final zinc concentrate product. 

Table
14-4 Zinc Flotation Circuit Configuration 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 151 

Final
tailings are sent to a tailings thickener. The tailings are thickened to a minimum 68 solids for transport to the backfill plant. The
concentrates are sent to individual product thickeners. From the lead thickener, the lead concentrate is sent to a vacuum disc filtration
unit, with the lead concentrate cake conveyed to the storage building for truck loadout and shipping. Meanwhile, the thickener underflow
from the zinc circuit is sent to a vertical pressure filtration unit. The final zinc concentrate product is conveyed to the storage and
shipping area. A filter cake material of 10-15 moisture will be generated for each product. 

14.5 Projected
 Plant Recoveries and Grades 

From
the metallurgical work outlined in this report, lead concentrates are assumed to assay at 67 lead, with net recoveries of 88.2 lead
and 84.2 silver as the payable metals. The zinc concentrate assays 58 zinc, with a net recovery of 85.1 zinc. 

14.6 Capital
 Costs for Milling Operations 

BARR
Engineering compiled capital costs to complete design and installation of a functioning mill and concentrator facility at the Bunker
Hill Site. The capital cost tables reflect installation costs for the used Pend Oreille equipment and refurbishment as well as new equipment
and installation to complete the facility. Summary of capital costs are shown below. 

Table
14-5 Capital Cost Estimation 

Installation
of the used Pend Oreille (PO) equipment was estimated based on current construction and installation factors BARR had for recent projects
from capital equipment costs of the PO equipment if purchased new. The table below represents an estimate of PO equipment if purchased
new. Costs are not included in the final totals but are used for calculating factored quantities for the installation only. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 152 

Table
14-6 Pend Oreille (PO) Equipment List 

New
equipment summary required to complete the plant was completed by BARR and is illustrated in the table below. This equipment represents
items that were either nonexistent at PO or were not recoverable/convertible to the needs at the Bunker Hill site. Bunker Hill does not
intend to utilize the 3, 8 x 10 mill from PO due to capacity constraints with these mills. Instead, this project considers
2 larger approximately 10 x 14 mills at 1000 HP each. Alternatively, a single 2000 HP mill 13 D x 20 L will
work as well in this application. The procurement and installation of the used mill is captured in the new equipment cost table below. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 153 

Table
14-7 New Equipment List 

This
project will require construction of a new process mill building to accommodate this equipment. The existing structure is not code compliant,
lacks adequate support structure, is insufficient height, and requires some foundational upgrades with the existing footprint. The existing
structure will be removed and replaced with a new pre-engineered building with a common use bridge crane that will span the entire structure
north-south. The building cost outline is detailed in the table below. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 154 

Table
14-8 Cost Estimation of Buildings 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 155 

Not
included in the mill building estimate is the cost for a fine ore bin storage facility to feed the mill. The intent is to have approximately
24 hours surge capacity ahead of the mill to help accommodate crusher maintenance and offset ore feed interruptions from the mine. A
summary of associated costs to construct are in the table below. 

Table
14-9 Cost Estimation of Ore Bin and Exterior Works 

For
the first few years of operation, the ROM ore will be transported to a portable surface jaw crusher at the portal in Wardner. Dedicated
haul trucks will transport the crushed ROM ore via haul road to the Bunker Hill site. A loader will blend the stockpiled material to
a reclaim feeder that feeds the secondary crushing and screening tower. Fine ore product from this system will be fed to the fine ore
storage bin as outlined previously. The capital cost for the associated reclaim feeder and crushing/screening tower are in the table
below. Please note the portable primary crusher will be a leased unit. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 156 

Table
14-10 Cost Estimation of Crusher Area 

The
concentrate storage and loadout area will initially be located near the mill building and adjacent to the dewatering unit processes.
Future plans are to relocate concentrate storage and loadout to an area below the Bunker Hill site and adjacent to McKinley Avenue to
simplify concentrate truck loadout and improve safety. Consequently, the initial concentrate storage area will consist of a minimalist
approach with a simple slab with collection sump, ecology block stem walls all covered by a steal framework fabric cover structure. The
truck scales from PO will be incorporated into the load out in a location that doesn t inhibit loader movement to the reclaim feeder.
Associated capital costs are shown in the table below. 

Table
14-11 Cost Estimation of Concentrates Storage Area 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 157 

14.7

Operating Costs
 for Milling Operations 

Summary
of process operating costs are shown in Table 14-12 below. The costs are broken down by major cost center and are based on annual concentrator
nominal throughput rate of 1,800 stpd. Annual operating costs by major cost center are further broken down by ton of ROM processed. Labor
and Reagents are the highest cost drivers for Process area. 

Table
14-12 Cost of Processing Plant Equipment (1,800 stpd Capacity) 

General
assumptions used for the OPEX model are shown in Table 14-13 below. 

Table
14-13 Major Assumptions for Operating Cost Estimation 

The
labor component for mill operations and maintenance includes critical operational, technical, and maintenance support for a 24/7/365
operating schedule. The exception being that primary crushing is staffed to occur on a single shift only. Secondary crusher operation
will occur as needed. The staffing table and associated cost assumptions in below. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 158 

Table
14-14 Labor Cost Estimation 

Power
consumption is listed in the table below and reflect the current run time projections, ore hardness, and installed horsepower of the
current process configuration. 

Table
14-15 Power Cost Estimation 

The
reagent suite and consumptions are based on bench top testing and reflect the best-known conditions we have to date. Reagent pricing
was an average budgetary estimate from current regional suppliers FOB the Bunker Hill site. Where freight wasn t provided, trucking
estimates were obtained by a regional carrier. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 159 

Table
14-16 Reagent Cost Estimation 

Table
14-17 Cost Estimation of Operating Supplies 

Maintenance
consumables and associated costs are listed in the table below. Liner consumption estimates were based on industry comparable rates and
assessed against the Bunker Hill hardness data. Without accurate work histories, a general allowance for additional maintenance parts
was assessed at 2 of the installed equipment cost. Contract maintenance support was added for shutdown support and supplement site maintenance
as needed. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 160 

Table
14-18 Cost Estimation of Maintenance Supplies 

15 
 Project
 Infrastructure 

The
Bunker Hill complex is a mature mine with much of the underground infrastructure and development still in place. The mill, smelter and
tailing impoundment have been removed and these sites have been reclaimed. Part of the reclamation included surface water diversion structures
which are still in use and are maintained in good condition. The original Bunker Hill mine offices, car and maintenance shops, and change
house are located near the Kellogg Tunnel (KT) portal and are in serviceable condition. 

Figure
15-1 Kellogg Office Complex and Kellogg Tunnel Portal 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 161 

Road
access to the property and the various mine access portal locations are good to excellent. The Kellogg Tunnel (KT) portal is located
immediately adjacent to the mine offices at the 2,380 ft elevation. The KT is currently rail haulage and connects to the main hoist rooms
and inclined shafts approximately 9,500 ft laterally to the south-southwest on the 9-level at the 2,415 ft elevation. Levels 8 through
4 are above the 9-Level on approximately 175 ft intervals. Levels 10 to 28 are below the 9-Level at approximately 200 ft intervals. Additional
mine portals provide access to the 5-level on the Wardner side of the mine. There is a tremendous complex of underground shafts, raises
and other infrastructure at Bunker Hill, only infrastructure germane to restarting mining operations are addressed in this report. Bunker
Hill site layout is shown in Figure 15-2. Avista Utilities (Avista) supplies electrical power to the mine from a sub-station located
near the Kellogg side office complex. The Kellogg offices have a high-speed internet connection. 

Figure
15-2 Bunker Hill Site Layout 

15.1 
 Site
 Access and Community 

Bunker
Hill is located in Kellogg Idaho along the Interstate 90 corridor on the west side of what is traditionally known as the Silver Valley.
It is 60 miles from the Spokane, WA airport to the west and 125 miles to the Missoula, MT airport to the east. The Silver Valley of north
Idaho is a desirable place to live and is home to an enthusiastic and talented underground mining work force. 

15.2 
 Electrical
 Power and Distribution 

The
Avista Kellogg substation is located next to the Bunker Hill main offices and supplies power to the mine and other local consumers. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 162 

There
are two existing distribution lines now supplying the mine from the Kellogg Avista substation. One feeds the surface mine facilities
and the underground loads from the Kellogg side, the other feeds the Wardner mine yard and facilities. The current 3-phase 2.5kV mine
distribution system on the Kellogg side is in the process of being upgraded to 3-phase 13.2kV. The overhead powerlines leading to the
Wardner side of the mine will be completely upgraded with 3-phase 13.2kV by October 2022. New underground power feeds will be brought
in on the Wardner side on 5-level and dropped down to the 9-level for distribution to the mine. A new power feed was installed in the
KT to the 9-level underground distribution and currently feeds the underground at 2.5kV. This is a 25kV rated cable and will be upgraded
to 13.2kV to minimize line voltage loss. The 9-level around the #1 and #2 hoist rooms will remain the hub of underground infrastructure.
The existing u/g substations and switchgear will be replaced with modern equipment. Bunker Hill has been working closely with Avista
to upgrade the electrical supply infrastructure to both the main Bunker Hill yard (9-level) and Wardner (5-level) sites. Additional capacity
will be freed up at the main Kellogg/Bunker Hill substation by redirecting other non-mine loads to adjacent Avista substations where
feasible (either immediately or with minimal additional infrastructure). Capital costs for these activities are funded by the project
up front and then credited back to the operational power bill over the life of the project. 

15.3 
 Mine
 Water 

Mine
discharge water now gravity drains out the 9-level through the KT via a ditch adjacent to the rail line to the portal. It is then routed
to a water treatment plant constructed by the EPA and currently operated by the Idaho Department of Environmental Quality (IDEQ), see
Section 3.2 . Water above the 9-level naturally drains out of the KT and averages 500 gpm. Below the 9-level water must be pumped
to dewater the workings. Maintaining a water level below the 9-level requires about 700 gpm (1,200 gpm total) to be pumped out of the
mine. An additional pumping capacity of 600 gpm was assumed to draw the water table down to successive levels in the mine based on operational
experience. It is envisioned to handle the water above and below the 9-level in separate pipeline systems out the KT. Water below the
9-level will be staged up through a series of pump stations located on each level. Mine discharge will continue to be treated at the
IDEQ facility under a continued use agreement, all costs of which are included in reported operating costs. 

Mine
and process water distribution will be developed from underground water sources with either clean water collection sumps or underground
interception wells. There is currently not a mine wide water distribution system, but systems for process and dewatering are included
in the capital estimates. CAPEX has been budgeted for utilization of underground water sources to be used for mining activities and the
mill/process facility will have its own process and make-up water system budgeted for. 

15.4 
 Engineered
 Hydraulic (Paste) Backfill Plant 

BHMC
commissioned Patterson Cooke North America to perform tradeoff studies for costing and operating the mine backfill and tailing
placement facilities. The main factors investigated for capital expenditures were pumping requirements based on the material being transported
vs friction loss on the pipe run-lengths, ease of binder transport to location, cost to construct (excavate) and future efficiency to
distribute to mining areas. 

The
logistics of operating the milling and processing operations with the hydraulic backfill plant were also considered. The backfill plant
will produce two basic products; high strength modulus product for engineered fill back into stope voids and, a low strength modulus
product to dispose of excess tailing materials into historic mine openings or when possible secondary stope voids. Pumping the thickened
tails underground directly from the mill thickener to vacuum filtering, binder addition and fill placement is viewed to have logistical
issues. Filter cake storage is limited underground which requires the mine to place fill constantly while the mill is running. Conversely,
when the mill is not running the mine will not have a fill product. 

Capital
estimates were developed for the four basic components of the system: 

1. 
 Tailing
 thickening 

2. 
 Thickened
 tailings pumping 

3. 
 Thicken
 tailing vacuum filtering (filter cake) 

4. 
 Binder
 addition and pumping fill into the mine 

The
tradeoff studies investigated options for locating the four components of the plant: 

All
 components on surface directly adjacent to the mill tailing thickener, 

Tailings
 thickening at the mill with thickened tails being pumped underground to the 5-level of the mine where vacuum filtering, binder addition
 and pump distribution down into the mine voids, 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 163 

Tailings
 thickening at the mill with thickened tails being pumped underground to the 9-level existing excavation known as the Scotty Shop,
 where vacuum filtering, binder addition and pump distribution up and down into the mine voids, 

Tailings
 thickening and vacuum filtering at the mill with filter cake being backhauled in the offroad ore haul trucks to the 5-level Wardner
 (Russell) mine yard where binder addition and pump distribution down into the mine voids will take place. 

Results
from the tradeoff studies led to the location of the plant on surface, both adjacent to the mill and at Wardner. Tailings thickening
will take place inside the mill/process facility building, with the underflow being pumped to the tailings filtration plant located adjacent
to the mill/process building. Vacuum filtration will take the thickened tailings and produce a filter cake material which will be deposited
and stored in a load-out facility at the plant. A surface loader will transfer the filter cake tailings into overland haul trucks to
deliver the material up to the Wardner side of operations along the return route from ROM ore haulage. This saves the requirement to
construct a thickened tailings pumping system to deliver feed to the paste plant from the tailings thickener and incurs a lower operational
cost to utilize the return trip of the haul trucks to Wardner. 

Once
delivered to the storage facility at Wardner, material will be loaded into the paste plant, combined with an ordinary cement binder,
and subsequently pumped underground via a reticulated piping system. Location at Wardner on the 5-level of the mine will work to greatly
reduce the pump horsepower requirements as a majority of the stoping will occur below this elevation. Reticulation piping will work to
both deliver backfill material to stoping areas as sequence backfill and to historically mined out void space for storage of additional
tailings material. A detailed equipment capital list has been compiled for the 3 components of the plant (tailings thickening, paste
plant and reticulation system). Continued detailed engineering is underway for the arrangements and construction of both the Kellogg
and Wardner facilities. An operational cost associated with the paste backfill has been assigned to the overall mining cost buildup. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 164 

Figure
15-3 Paste Plant PFD 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 165 

Figure
15-4 Paste Plant Tailings to Paste Fill Mass Balance Tables 

Table
15-1 Paste Plant Estimated Equipment CAPEX 

Table
15-2 Tailings Thickening Component Direct Cost Detail 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 166 

Table
15-3 Paste Plant Direct Cost Detail 

Table
15-4 Reticulation System Direct Cost Detail 

16 
 Market
 Studies and Contracts 

Concurrent
with the agreement to satisfy the remaining purchase price of the Pend Oreille mill from a subsidiary of Teck Resources Limited Teck in an equity issuance, Bunker granted Teck an option to acquire 100 of both zinc and lead concentrate production for an initial term
of 5 years after the mine has commenced production of concentrates, with such option to be exercised by March 31, 2023. In the event
that the option is exercised, detailed agreements are to be negotiated with treatment and refining charges to be based on benchmark terms,
and other terms to be mutually agreed. The Prefeasibility Study assumes that the option is exercised, with all concentrates delivered
to Trail, British Columbia. Accordingly, a third-party consultant was engaged for an analysis of future benchmark treatment and refining
charges. Long-term zinc and lead treatment charge assumptions of 215 and 150 per dry metric tonne, respectively, were assumed for the
economic analysis in the Prefeasibility Study, in addition to a refining charge of 1.25 per payable ounce of silver in the lead concentrate.
An arsenic penalty of 4.08 per dry short ton was assumed for the lead concentrate, with no penalties assumed for the zinc concentrate,
based on analysis of metallurgical assays. 

Freight
charges were estimated based on discussions with local operators and under fuel prices assumed in the Pre-feasibility Study, under the
assumption of overland haulage to Trail, BC. 

The
qualified person has reviewed these studies and confirms the results support the assumptions in this Technical Report Summary. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 167 

17 
 Environmental
 Studies, Permitting and Social or Community IMpact 

17.1 
 Background 

Environmental
contamination of surface water, groundwater, soil, and sediment occurred at the Site as a result of mining, milling and smelting operations
in the Silver Valley, including but not limited to, at the Bunker Hill Mining and Metallurgical Complex Complex ), of which
the Mine was a part. Operations at the Complex started in 1885 and continued through the 1980s, and included an integrated system of
mining, milling and smelting. Prior to 1928, liquid and solid waste from the Complex was discharged directly into the South Fork of the
Coeur d Alene River and its tributaries. Following 1928, waste from the Complex was directed to a nearby floodplain where a Central
Impoundment Area CIA was developed. Acid mine drainage AMD and wastewater from the Complex were discharged
to a settling pond in the CIA. In 1974, a Central Treatment Plant CTP was built by the Bunker Hill Mining Company, the
owner and operator of the Complex at the time. AMD and wastewater from the Complex were stored in an unlined pond in the CIA before being
decanted to the CTP. In 1981, following the closure of the smelter, the CIA was no longer required to impound wastewater from the Complex,
although surface run off from the Complex and AMD from the Mine were still routed to the CIA prior to treatment at the CTP. Sludge which
formed during the treatment process was also disposed in unlined ponds at the CIA. 

Ownership
of the Complex passed through a number of companies throughout the 100-year operation of the Complex. In early 1991, the Bunker Limited
Partnership, then owner of the Complex and operator of the CTP, closed the Mine and filed for bankruptcy. In late 1991 and 1992, PMC
purchased a portion of the Site, which includes underground workings, mineral rights, and much of the land surface above the Mine, from
Bunker Limited Partnership. PMC did not purchase the entire Complex nor the CTP. In November 1994; federal and State governments assumed
operation of the CTP for ongoing treatment of AMD. 

AMD
is a result of acid-forming reactions occurring within the Mine among water, oxygen, sulfide minerals (especially pyrite) and bacteria.
AMD is acidic with typical pH levels between 2.5 and 3.5, and it contains high levels of dissolved and suspended heavy metals. For human
receptors, the constituents of primary concern at the Site found in the AMD are arsenic, cadmium, lead, mercury, and thallium, and for
aquatic and terrestrial receptors they are aluminum, arsenic, cadmium, copper, iron, lead, manganese, mercury, selenium, silver, and
zinc. Impacts on human health from exposure to these constituents include carcinogenic effects, skin lesions, neuropathy, gastrointestinal
irritation, kidney damage, interference with metabolism, and interference with the normal functioning of the central nervous system.
Impacts on the environment from exposure to these constituents include significant mortality offish and invertebrate species, elevated
concentrations of metals in the tissues of fish, invertebrates, and plants, and reduced growth and reproduction of aquatic life. 

AMD
is generated and discharged from the Mine continuously. AMD from the Mine is drained through the Kellogg Tunnel portal and then passes
through a conveyance system to the CTP for treatment. Average AMD discharge from the Mine during typical flow periods is approximately
1300 gallons per minute. During high flow periods AMD may be diverted to a lined surface impoundment on the Site, where it mixes with
other minimal wastewater streams from the Mine. From the impoundment, it is pumped to the CTP for treatment. If not collected and treated
at the CTP, AMD from the Mine would flow downhill through the mine yard, across properties where public and environmental exposures would
occur, and into Bunker Creek and the South Fork Coeur d Alene River where it would have significant detrimental effects on water
quality and the ecosystem. 

Initially,
the Bunker Hill Superfund Site was divided into two operable units, the Populated Areas and the Non-Populated Areas, in order to focus
investigation and cleanup efforts. A Record of Decision ROD for the Non-Populated Areas Operable Unit was signed on September
22,1992. A ROD Amendment for the Non-Populated Areas Operable Unit, addressing the management of AMD was issued in December 2001. A third
operable unit was created to address contamination in the Coeur d Alene Basin, and a ROD for Operable Unit 3, the Coeur d Alene
Basin, was issued in 2002. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 168 

In
1994, EPA issued a unilateral administrative order( UAO to PMC directing PMC to keep the mine pool pumped to an elevation
below the level of the South Fork Coeur d Alene River (at or below Level 11 of the Mine) to prevent discharges to the river, to
convey mine water to the CTP for treatment unless an alternative form of treatment was approved, and to provide for emergency mine water
storage within the mine. In 2017, EPA issued a UAO to PMC directing PMC to control mine water flows to the CTP during needed upgrades
at the CTP and in high flow periods, to conduct operation and maintenance of the Reed Landing Flood Control Project, to file an environmental
covenant on a portion of the Mine property regarding access and operation and maintenance and allowing PMC to fill the mine pool to Level
10 during diversion events. 

Response
actions required by the 1994 and 2017 UAOs are currently being performed by Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Upon the later of the Effective
Date of the Settlement Agreement, US EPA withdrew the 1994 and 2017 UAOs. To the extent that aspects of those UAOs required ongoing work,
Bunker Hill Mining Corp agreed to perform such work when it became the operator of the Mine and is now continuing to perform that work
now that Bunker Hill Mining Corp is the owner of the Mine. 

17.2 
 Ongoing
 Environmental Activities 

BHMC
began a study of the Bunker Hill Mine water system in March of 2020. The review included studies conducted by the US EPA and research
conducted by the Bunker Hill Water Management team. This led to a formulation of the following near-term water management activities: 

Acid
 Mine Drainage AMD Collection System this captures and controls flows of Acid Mine Drainage to keep them separate
 from cleaner water in the mine. Total collected AMD flows from levels 5 through 9 fluctuate between 6 gallons per minute and 30 gallons
 per minute depending on the season that contains approximately 70 of the metal load in the effluent of the Mine. This system was
 designed and implemented in 2020 and is still in use as of the effective date of this report. 

Surface
 Water Infiltration Study BHMC has entered into a Sponsored Research Agreement with University of Idaho to conduct a study
 of infiltration of surface waters into Bunker Hill Mine. The study will be conducted by a Water Resources graduate student with support
 from the Hydrology and Hydrogeology faculties. This will inform future source control projects that will seek to limit water infiltration. 

Source
 Control Program This will reduce the amount of surface waters entering the mine, which is ultimately expected to reduce water
 treatment costs by reducing the amount of water requiring treatment. The initial project is a series of test plots of trees, shrubs
 and grasses to determine which mix of plants will most effectively revegetate the surface expression of the Guy Cave with a dense
 and broad root network. This project is being carried out in collaboration with the University of Idaho. This area is a barren hillside
 that is a major point of water infiltration. Within the mine, the Guy Cave is rich in pyrite, which produces Acid Mine Drainage when
 mixed with air and water. Reducing the amount of water infiltration into this area will significantly reduce the amount of Acid Mine
 Drainage produced within the mine. The second area of collaboration with the University of Idaho that aims to reduce water in-flow
 through the surface expression of the Guy Cave is an engineering project that will evaluate the effectiveness and cost of different
 approaches to establishing a cap or a barrier to flow. This has been designed as a 3-year initiative. 

Water
 Sampling and Testing Water samples are collected on monthly basis for wide spectrum testing that includes 45 different analytes
 at 30 different locations in and around the Bunker Hill Mine. Once a sufficient amount data has been collected, these results will
 allow BHMC to apply for an IPDES water discharge permit in the future. Field parameters are measured on a biweekly basis by the BHMC
 Water Management team using a collection of instruments. The parameters include conductivity, pH, dissolved oxygen, total dissolved
 solids, water temperature, ambient temperature, ambient humidity and flow rate. The sum total of this information provides insights
 into the efficacy and impacts of water management program activities and deepen understanding of the Bunker Hill Mine water system.
 Much of this information is available to the public in the Interactive Database section of the BHMC website. BHMC is
 collaborating with the University of Idaho in a multi-year study of the water system as well. This study focuses on the presence
 of specific isotopes within water molecules that create a unique signature that all the research team to determine the pathways and
 rate of flow of water from snowpack on the mountains above the mine on their journey into and out of the mine. This will ultimately
 inform water modeling and lead to more efficient water management practices. 

Many
of these activities will continue and extend far into the future. The duration and intensity of these activities will depend primarily
on two factors: (1) development of understanding through continuous improvement of a Conceptual Site Model and (2) the magnitude of impacts
generated by the activities as measured and recorded by BHMC performance monitoring. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 169 

17.2.1 
 Pilot
 Water Treatment Plant 

Over
the summer of 2022, Bunker Hill conducted a pilot scale water treatment study (WTP), under the direction and design completed by Mine
Water LLC. The plant was housed in the existing surface infrastructure outside the Kellogg Tunnel portal. The goal of the plant was to
understand the mine site s water treatment requirements. The pilot system was capable to treating 50 120 gpm of mine effluent
water. It made use of a Lamella clarifier in conjunction with lime slurry addition and multiple stages of flocculation and agitation
to treat the water currently discharging from the Kellogg Tunnel. That effluent is currently piped to the IDEQ-operated and US EPA-owned
Central Treatment Plant (CTP). Products from the plant are a stream of cleaned water meeting all requisite discharge standards and a
high-density sludge (HDS) material that was scheduled to be included into the paste-backfill tailings stream to be included in stope
backfill. 

Figure
17-1 Pilot Water Treatment Plant Process Flow Diagram 

Testing
commenced in May 2022 and finished in July 2022. A total of 16 tests were scheduled, of which 10 were completed covering various parameters
of pH, flow and flocculant dosages. The pilot WTP program and design proves that Bunker Hill could construct a WTP capable of meeting
its discharge standards for full mine effluent. As of the effective date of this report, all testing using the pilot WTP has concluded,
and results verified by Mine Water LLC. The plant itself is currently being disassembled at the Bunker Hill mine site. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 170 

Table
17-1 Bunker Hill Pilot Water Treatment Program Test Scenarios 

Discussions
are ongoing with IDEQ and US EPA about the proposed use of the CTP adjacent to the mine. These discussions have allowed Bunker Hill to
project the continued use of the CTP through the remainder of mine life outlined in this report and subsequently not requiring the need
to construct an internally operated water treatment plant. This allows for the capital expenditure savings of not having to construct
an internal WTP, and the operational expense of additional staffing and reagent consumption. All costs associated with continued use
of the CTP are scheduled into mine operational expenditures. 

17.3 
 Ongoing
 Work Required by US EPA 

BHMC
is required by US EPA to perform all work required to manage AMD at Bunker Hill Mine. Several activities are described in the Settlement
Agreement that related to this responsibility. 

In-Mine
Diversion System and Mine Pool: 

BHMC
has constructed an In-Mine Diversion System and manages the mine pool such that, when so directed by US EPA, diverted flows of Mine Waters
will be stored within the mine or discharged at a controlled rate, and not result in uncontrolled discharge to the environment. The following
criteria describe the performance criteria to be met: 

1 
 Mine
 Waters to be Stored: Waters to be stored by Purchaser include all mine water which originate upstream of the Barney Switch within
 the mine, including the east side (Milo)gravity flows, the west side (Deadwood) gravity flows, and the lower country (Mine Pool)
 pumped flows. 

2. 
 Mine
 Pool Storage Volume: BHMC has provided storage volume using all void space (the mine workings) from a minimum of 30 feet below the
 sill of 11 Level at the No.2 Raise to the sill of 10 Level at the No.2 Raise. 

3. 
 In-Mine
 Diversion System Construction: BHMC and PMC constructed a diversion dam system in the Kellogg Tunnel downstream from the Barney Switch
 which backs up all Mine Waters into the Barney Vent Raise or other appropriate and approved location. The system has the capability
 to divert a minimum of 7,000 gallons per minute. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 171 

4. 
 In-Mine
 Diversion System Activation: BHMC is required to activate the In- Mine Diversion System under the following circumstances: 

a. 
 For
 emergencies: Within 4 hours of notification from US EPA, for a duration to be determined and requested by EPA based on the emergency
 situation, which may occur at any time; and 

b. 
 For
 CTP or Conveyance Line Maintenance: Within 14 days of notification from EPA, for a duration to be determined and requested by US
 EPA based on the maintenance required. 

5. 
 In-Mine
 Diversion System Operation and Maintenance: BHMC will maintain and operate the In-Mine Diversion System until notification from US
 EPA that the system may be decommissioned and removed, in accordance with the following: 

a. 
 The
 amount of In-Mine Diversion System building materials continuously kept at the diversion structure location shall be sufficient to
 divert all flows as required above, and to construct the diversion dam to provide the storage capacity required above; 

b. 
 The
 diversion dam structure, location as described above, and adjoining ditches, are to be kept serviceable and in operable condition
 at all times for diversion dam construction, operation, and maintenance. 

c. 
 The
 entire In-Mine Diversion conveyance system (e.g., Barney Vent Raise or other appropriate and US EPA-approved location) shall be inspected
 a minimum of twice per year, and more frequently if there are concerns regarding its ability to convey the capacity required above.
 BHMC maintains a written report of each inspection. 

d. 
 The
 In-Mine Diversion conveyance system is cleaned, by hydraulic flushing or other means as necessary, at least once per year, and more
 frequently if needed to provide the capacity required in above. BHMC is required to inform US EPA within 7 days of completing each
 cleaning. 

e. 
 Written
 diversion dam construction procedures and In-Mine. Diversion System operation and maintenance procedures are posted near the diversion
 dam structure location. This provides sufficient detail for diversion dam construction, and system operation and maintenance by all
 crew members. The written diversion dam construction procedures and system operation and maintenance procedures are periodically
 updated as needed. BHMC is required to provide the written procedures to US EPA upon request. 

f. 
 Diversion
 dam construction procedures and system operation and maintenance procedures required above are periodically practiced, at least once
 per year, or more frequently as needed to ensure the required diversion response time can be met. BHMC is required to inform US EPA
 a minimum of 7 days prior to each diversion dam construction practice. 

Kellogg
Portal Contingency Diversion System: 

Purchaser
shall obtain and store a sufficient quantity of sandbags or other appropriate materials near the entrance to the Kellogg Tunnel with
the designated purpose of containing, damming, and/or rerouting any flows into the Kellogg Tunnel ditch, in order to prevent any overland
flow outside the ditch. 

6. 
 Waters
 to be diverted: All mine waters that are not contained within the Kellogg Tunnel ditch that are either within the Kellogg Tunnel
 or outside of the Kellogg Tunnel in the mine yard. 

7. 
 Continency
 Diversion System Materials: Sandbags or other materials that could be easily transported and assembled to route mine water back to
 the ditch in an emergency situation. 

8. 
 Contingency
 Diversion System Activation: 

a. 
 Deployment
 of Contingency Diversion System: Within 1 hour of the first indication, or when BHMC knowns or should know, of mine water flowing
 outside of the Kellogg Tunnel ditch, regardless of cause. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 172 

9. 
 Continency
 Diversion System Operation and Maintenance: BHMC is required to maintain and operate the Contingency Diversion System until notification
 from US EPA that the system may be decommissioned and removed, in accordance with the following: 

a. 
 The
 amount of Contingency Diversion System building materials kept on-hand at all times must be sufficient to divert all flows as required
 above and shall be deployed in accordance with procedures described above in order to control flows during high flow events or to
 respond to emergencies. 

b. 
 The
 Contingency Diversion System storage location and materials are kept serviceable and in operable condition at all times for Contingency
 Diversion System construction and operation. 

c. 
 Written
 Contingency Diversion System construction procedures are posted near the diversion system materials storage location. Construction
 procedures provide sufficient detail for diversion system construction by all crew members. The construction procedures are periodically
 updated as needed. BHMC is required to provide the construction procedures to US EPA upon request. 

d. 
 Contingency
 Diversion system procedures are periodically practiced, at least once per year, or more frequently as needed, to ensure that the
 required diversion response times as described above can be met. BHMC is required to inform US EPA a minimum of7 days prior to each
 Contingency Diversion System construction practice. 

Reed
Landing Flood Control Project Operations and Maintenance: 

10. 
 BHMC
 conducts operations and maintenance in accordance with the Reed Landing Flood Control Project Operations and Maintenance Manual O M
 Manual ), which is appended to BHMC s Settlement Agreement with US EPA. 

11. 
 BHMC
 conducts inspections of the Reed Landing Flood Control Project in accordance with the frequency described in the O M Manual and
 fills out the Inspection Checklist for each inspection. This is provided to US EPA and the State of Idaho upon request. 

12. 
 BHMC
 removes snow and takes any other necessary steps to maintain access roads to provide for safe access to the Reed Landing Project
 area year-round. 

Manage
mine wastes to prevent a release of such waste into the environment. 

Water
discharge permit: 

BHMC
is required to obtain an IPDES/NPDES permit for its discharge of AMD and any other Mine-related discharges by May 15, 2023. Until that
time, BHMC is required to continue to convey AMD to the CTP for treatment. US EPA may approve the conveyance of other Mine-related discharges
to the CTP for treatment during this interim period. After May 15, 2023, BHMC is required to treat all AMD and Mine-related discharges
pursuant to an EPA-approved treatment option and in compliance with Section 402 of the Clean Water Act,33 U.S.C. 1342. Treatment
options may include: 

a. 
 Entering
 into a lease agreement with EPA providing for Purchaser to lease and operate the CTP; 

b. 
 Purchasing
 and operating the CTP; or 

c. 
 Constructing
 and operating a treatment plant. 

Treat
any flows from the Reed and Russell portals prior to discharge into surface waters or route back into the Mine to prevent discharge,
without treatment, off-site. Currently all waters are being directed back into the mine. 

Inspections: 

13. 
 US
 EPA may require an inspection of the In-Mine Diversion System to determine compliance with the requirements described above. 

14. 
 US
 EPA may have an on-site presence during these activities. At US EPA s request, BHMC or BHMC s designee will accompany
 US EPA for inspections during the activities to be Performed. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 173 

15. 
 BHMC
 is required to provide any specialty personal protective equipment needed for US EPA personnel, transportation, and an escort for
 any oversight officials to perform their oversight and/or inspection duties within the mine. 

16. 
 Upon
 notification by US EPA of any deficiencies during these activities on any component, BHMC is required to take all necessary steps
 to correct the deficiencies and/or bring the activities into compliance. If applicable, BHMC is required to comply with any schedule
 provided by US EPA in its notice of deficiency. 

Emergency
Response and Reporting: 

The
reporting requirements below are in addition to the reporting required by CERCLA 103 and/or the Emergency Planning and Community
Right-to-Know Act( EPCRA 304. 

17. 
 If
 any incident occurs during performance of the activities described above that causes or threatens to cause a release of Waste Material
 on, at, or from the Mine and that either constitutes an emergency situation or that may present an immediate threat to public health
 or welfare or the environment, BHMC is required to:(1)immediately take all appropriate action to prevent, abate, or minimize such
 release or threat of release;(2)immediately notify the authorized US EPA officer; and (3) take such actions in consultation with
 the authorized US EPA officer. 

18. 
 Upon
 the occurrence of any incident during performance of the activities described above that BHMC is required to report pursuant to Section
 103 of CERCLA, 42U.S.C. 9603, or Section 304 of EPCRA, 42U.S.C. 11004, BHMC is required to also immediately notify the
 authorized US EPA officer orally. 

19. 
 The
 authorized US EPA officer for the purposes of immediate oral notifications and consultations is the US EPA RPM, or
 the US EPA Emergency Response Unit, Region 10 at 206-553-1263(if the RPM is not available). 

20. 
 For
 any incident covered above, BHMC is required to: (1) within 14 days after the onset of such incident, submit a report to US EPA describing
 the actions or incidents that occurred and the measures taken, and to be taken, in response there to; and (2) within 30 days after
 the conclusion of such incident, submit a written report to US EPA describing all actions taken in response to such incident. 

BHMC
is required to perform all actions required by its Settlement Agreement with US EPA in accordance with all applicable local, state, and
federal laws and regulations, except as provided in Section 121(e)of CERCLA, 42U.S.C. 9621(e), and 40C.F.R. 300.400(e).
All on-Site actions required pursuant to BHMC s Settlement Agreement with US EPA shall attain applicable or relevant and appropriate
requirements ARARs under federal environmental or state environmental or facility siting laws as set forth in the 1992
Record of Decision and the 2001 Record of Decision Amendment. 

17.4 
 Future
 Environmental and Social Activities 

Environmental,
Social and Health Impact Assessment (ESHIA) BHMC plans to conduct a full voluntary ESHIA based on its mine plan and business
model that includes deliberate focus on high levels of sustainability. This focus includes: 

Environmental
 Impact Reduction of long-term water treatment costs by greater than 75 versus the status quo. This includes a range of initiatives
 including sealing AMD producing stopes with low porosity paste and source control projects. 

Environmental
 Impact Net Positive Impact on biodiversity 

Emissions
 Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon neutrality 

Social
 Impact Workforce training for residents of Shoshone, Kootenai and Benewah Counties 

Social
 Impact Greater than 80 percent of new job to local residents 

Social
 Impact Compensation for full-time employees that is significantly higher than the median household income for Shoshone County 

Social
 impact local economic diversification investment 

Social
 impact Employee equity award plan in place by 2023 

Governance
 Labor representation on the Board of Director of the Mining Company 

Governance
 Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) compliance by 2023 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 174 

Governance
 Sustainability Accounting Standards Board and ISO 14001, 14004, 14005 compliant by 2023 

The
ESHIA study is anticipated to be completed in Q1 of 2024. The intent of conducting a voluntary ESHIA is to establish a broad spectrum
of detailed baseline conditions against which stakeholders and the Company can measure impacts and can generate better informed programming
in the future to maximize the positive impacts of the Mine s activities and mitigate any negative impacts. 

Many
of the ongoing environmental and sustainability activities are intended to continue far into the future. Efforts such as source control
aiming at reducing the infiltration of water into the mine will likely take many forms over time but will continue to some degree for
many years. Similarly, water sampling and testing is likely to be only one form of environmental testing that will be a regular recurring
activity. These data will provide both insights into new activities that should and will be undertaken in the future and will allow BHMC
and all of its stakeholders to measure the impacts of BHMC s environmental management activities. Provision of this data to our
stakeholder community will be a core component of communication, development of trust and broad participation in inclusive decision-making. 

A
paste backfill plant is included in the mine restart plan. This will be a core component of water treatment cost reduction and general
mitigation of environmental impacts of past mining activities. The location and size of the stopes in the upper east side of Bunker Hill
Mine are well understood by the BHMC Water Management Team. These are the stopes where most of the AMD in the mine is produced. BHMC
anticipates that AMD reduction from paste production and stope sealing will begin to register in a meaningful way as early as 2025. 

17.5 
 Tailings
 Deposition 

As
part of the historic data digitization program, as well as through current surveying for mine-design, there have been numerous voids
identified underground at Bunker Hill. A large portion of these open excavations, mainly located on the east side of the mine between
the 4-level and 6-level have been LiDAR surveyed. Historically, mining operations at Bunker were a mix of methods, but a large portion
of early mining activity on the lower-angle structures accessible between the 9-level and surface were open-stoped without the use of
backfill. Continued mine development with the current plan will work to explore and develop access to the existing void spaces adjacent
to future mining activity. Under the current plan and specifications of both thickened tailings and binder-added (paste) fill, there
is enough identified void space underground to support the deposition of all planned mine processing wastes. 

17.6 
 Permits
 Required for Future Mining Activities 

The
land package associated with Bunker Hill Mine consists of approximately 400 patented claims, of which approximately 35 include associated
surface rights. The Mine also owns surface parcels unrelated to the federal land-patent process. All of the Mine property is located
in Shoshone County, Idaho. 

Some
of the parcels have existing buildings on them that will not be used in mining operations. There was a milling parcel previously associated
with the Mine; however, though BHMC has purchased that parcel from Placer Mining Corp, it will not be used in the future for milling.
The current mine plan envisions surface operations for crushing, grinding and processing. Furthermore, the mine plan also deposits all
tailings underground, which will remove the need for permitting of a tailing storage facility. Development waste rock will be stored
on existing mine disturbance areas. 

The
State of Idaho has several statutory permitting requirements for surface mining and dredge, placer mining. Unlike surface or placer mining,
BHMC intends to perform underground hard rock mining activities. Idaho statues do not independently regulate this type of activity on
private lands for historical mine site where less than 50 of the ground will be disturbed. 

At
a local level, the Mine will be regulated by planning, zoning and building ordinances established by Shoshone County. These ordinances
will impose use restrictions for the property, as well as building code requirements for future construction and/or renovations of existing
structures. These codes will be reviewed prior to any construction activities or surface activities. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 175 

In
addition to other requirements, Shoshone County Zoning ordinances create the Bunker Hill Superfund Site Overlay District BD ),
which guides and controls development in the area known as the federally created Bunker Hill Superfund Site by ensuring compliance
with the environmental health code EHC and institutional control program ICP developed by the BD district.
Monitoring compliance with and enforcement of EHC and ICP shall be the responsibility of the Panhandle Health District 1. Shoshone
County Ordinance 9-4-17. ICP oversight generally consists of ensuring that the protective barriers put in place to hold the old mining
contaminants are not disturbed and ensuring that construction activities would not expose these contaminants (or others) to the environment.
Thus, certain permits may be required by the Panhandle Health District prior to any site disturbance activities at the surface of the
Mine. 

In
terms of federal permitting requirements, the Mine activities will wastewater and other mine drainage. The Clean Water Act CWA requires all point source discharges from mining operations, including discharges from associated impoundments, be authorized under a
National Pollutant Discharge Elimination Systems (NPDES) permit from the US EPA or, in the case of Idaho now, an Idaho Pollutant Discharge
Elimination Systems (IPDES) permit from the Idaho Department of Environmental Quality. BHMC is required to obtain an NPDES/IPDES permit
by May 15, 2023 in accordance with its Settlement Agreement with US EPA. Until May 15, 2023, BHMC will be allowed to continue to discharge
water to the Central Treatment Plant where it will be charged by US EPA for water treatment services that meet existing discharge standards. 

This
permitting analysis relies on the following assumptions: 

Milling
 uses conventional froth flotation technology. 

Concentrates
 produced will be shipped off site and sold to an appropriate smelter facility. 

No
 public lands are involved in any element of the restart of the project. 

No
 jurisdictional Waters of the U.S. will be impacted. 

No
 instream work is required nor any impacts to non-jurisdictional wetlands. 

17.6.1 
 Environmental
 Permits 

The
project has a long history of operations and commenced prior to any formal regulatory framework being in place for federal, state, and
local agencies. Since all lands are patented mining claims, it eliminates federal land manager permitting and/or National Environmental
Policy Act (NEPA). The project will only be subject to the State of Idaho mining regulations. 

17.6.1.1 
 Idaho
 Department of Lands 

17.6.1.2 
 Mine
 Land Reclamation Permits 

Idaho
Department of Lands (IDL) regulates surface mining and surface effects of underground mining. The authority to regulate surface effects
of underground mining is a more recent change in the regulations. As such, the project is grandfathered and is not subject to the reclamation
and bonding of surface disturbance associated with underground mining. It should be noted, however, that the rule will apply when the
project expands disturbance. More specifically, IDAPA 20.03.02(b)(iv) states Underground mines that existed prior to July 1, 2019
and have not expanded their surface disturbance by 50 percent more after that date. Bunker Hill Mine will not expand surface disturbance
by more than 50 percent. Under the current Future Operating Plan and to the extent known, there are no mine closure or reclamation bond
requirements that will materially affect operations at the Bunker Hill Mine. 

17.6.2 
 Idaho
 Department of Water Resources 

17.6.2.1 
 Tailings
 Impoundments/Dams 

Mine
tailings impoundment structure, which is or will be more than 30 feet in height for purposes of storing mine tailings slurry, are subject
to the Mine Tailings Impoundment Structure rules (IDAPA 37.03.05). Minimum standards are dictated in the rules. Dry stack tailings are
not subject to this rule. Since Bunker Hill Mine will deposit tailings underground this permit will not be required. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 176 

17.6.2.2 
 Water
 Rights 

Any
use of surface or groundwater for beneficial use is subject to obtaining a water rights that must be obtained from IDWR.
Existing water rights have been reviewed for beneficial use and place of use and this analysis confirms that they are properly allocated. 

17.6.3 
 Idaho
 Department of Environmental Quality 

17.6.3.1 
 Air
 Quality Permit 

An
air quality permit (Permit to Construct) will be required for any crushing equipment, silos (lime silos, etc.), generators, petroleum
fired equipment (lab furnaces, etc.) and other equipment/facilities that have the potential to emit any regulated pollutant or designated
hazardous air pollutant. 

17.6.3.2 
 Underground
 Injection Controls 

Placement
of tailings back underground are authorized by rule as part of mining operations. They are therefore exempt from the groundwater quality
standards and permitting requirements but are limited to injection of mine tailings only. The implementation of backfilling cannot affect
beneficial use or exceed groundwater standards. If this may occur, the Director has the regulatory flexibility to require a project to
obtain a UIC permit. There are no plans for this to occur at the bunker Hill mine. 

17.6.3.3 
 Stormwater
 Permit 

The
project will be subject to stormwater permitting if it were to increase its current disturbance footprint by over 50 . There are no plans
under planned mine operations that will exceed this limit in this report.. At the time of this analysis, US EPA still maintains authority
of the Multi-sector Industrial Stormwater Project; however, IDEQ has taken over the program on July 1, 2021. 

17.6.4 
 Idaho
 Health Department 

17.6.4.1 
 Potable
 Water Supply 

If
the project were to provide potable water to the project from water well or surface water, BHMC would be subject to obtaining approval
for the public drinking water system. The provision is subject to providing water to more than 25 people. If water is supplied from a
municipality, there is no requirement to apply for this permit. Municipally supplied water connections are planned for surface building
modifications in the Kellogg yard. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 177 

18 
 Capital
 and Operating Costs 

Much
of the vast underground workings, surface portals, mine office, maintenance complex, and 9-level shaft access points for the Bunker Hill
Mine remain intact. The Kellogg Tunnel (KT) portal adjacent to the surface infrastructure at the Kellogg mine yard connects horizontally
by rail to the underground hoisting facilities on 9-level, approximately 9,500 feet to the south. Water seepage above the 9-level drains
naturally out of the KT, laterals below the 9-level must be dewatered prior to development and production. All water is collected at
the portal and sent to the CTP for treatment. The underground workings are extensive, and only the infrastructure germane to the reopening
of the mine is described in this report. Several shafts and raises connect to the 9-level and its underground infrastructure is central
to the mine and home to the #1 and #2 hoistrooms, material bins, substations and shops. Shafts at the mine are inclined rail; the #1
being the production shaft and #2 materials and personnel. The mine is currently accessed by the KT from the Kellogg mine yard and the
5-level Russell portal at the Wardner mine yard located just above the town of Wardner to the south. The Newgard Ramp will be extended
from the 5-level portal down to the 15-level and serve as personnel, materials and supplies access as well as the main haulage out of
the mine. Mine capital and operating costs were developed by Minetech and are based on the current contractors, Coeur d Alene
Mine Contracting, LLC (CMC), rates. Efficiency factors are based on Idaho and other similar operating mines as well as the work CMC is
currently performing driving the Newgard ramp. Milling and process capital and operating costs were developed by Barr Engineering and
Bunker Hill with YaKum Consulting providing the process and metallurgical test work. Patterson Cooke provided design and capital
cost estimates for the hydraulic backfill facilities with Bunker Hill. 

Bunker
Hill has as of August 31, 2022 purchased the Teck Pend Oreille process plant, much of their electrical gear, and other miscellaneous
equipment including fans, spare parts inventories, power cable, etc. Most of the Pend Oreille equipment has been relocated to the Kellogg
yard. The Pend Oreille mine is going through closure and Bunker will purchase more equipment as it becomes available. Bunker has also
purchased or is leasing to purchase several pieces of underground equipment. Owned equipment is not included in the capital equipment
estimate. 

Capital
and Operating cost estimates were prepared in accordance with 229.1302 (Item 1302 of Regulation S-K). Capex and Opex costs and
assumptions are detailed in Sections 13 Mining Methods; 14 Recovery Methods and; 15 Project Infrastructure. Contingency
was applied to task groups based on the estimate quality. The Company has already either purchased or received pricing quotations and
contracts in place for a majority of the Capital Development and Capital Mobile Equipment items allowing for a 5 contingency to be assigned.
To reflect the current state of engineering on the process plant and paste backfill plant, as well as discussions with engineering, procurement
and construction management (EPCM) groups, 15 and 10 contingencies were applied to Capital Infrastructure and EPCM and Other Construction
Allowances respectively. Note that the Avista 1M payment for substation and line power improvement includes contingency on the up-front
capital cost with capital credits against operating cost in later years or effectively a zero contingency. 

18.1 
 Capital
 Costs 

The
utilization of the existing underground infrastructure allows for a restart of the mine with a relatively low initial capital investment.
Annual and Life-of-Mine (LOM) capital is summarized in Table 18-1Bunker Hill Capital Expenditure Schedule. A variable contingency was
applied to all capital costs averaging 8 over LOM. With the acquisition of the Pend Oreille process plant equipment, current level of
mill and process plant engineering and known contractor mining unit costs, the QP for this section of the TRS believes the above stated
contingency value to represent the current state of the Project. The overall expected accuracy of the estimate is +/- 20 . 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 178 

Table
18-1 Bunker Hill Capital Expenditure Schedule 

Credits
are shown for Bunker funded Avista power upgrades which are credited back to BHMC. 

LOM
mine capital improvements include the following: 

Connect
 the 5-level Warder portal Newgard ramp to the 9-level then down to 15-level 

New
 ramp and raise level access 

All
 rubber tire access 

Ventilation
 system including fans, controls, raise manways 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 179 

Upgrade
 site wide main power distribution (Avista Utilities) 

Install
 new mine wide power distribution down from Wardner new high voltage cable is already installed in the KT 

Install
 Sentinel communications from the surface to the main underground facilities 

Install
 a hydraulic backfill plant at the Wardner 5-level yard; allows efficient access to cement and reagents 

Install
 a primarily pumped and gravity backfill distribution system to active and historical mining areas 

Construct
 new mill building and processing facility at the Kellogg mine yard 

18.2 
 Operating
 Costs 

Mine
operating costs are based on experienced local contract labor and Bunker Hill owed equipment for mining operations. A zero-based efficiency
and cost estimate was completed based on the current underground contractors rates and current material costs. Electrical power
costs are scheduled based on projected motor loads applying power factor correction, and applicable Avista Utilities rates for all projected
mine, milling and site operations. Mining costs are based on CF (3 of tonnage) techniques and LHOS (87 of tonnage). Power usage and
consumption has been divided between the mine, mill and surface yards. The mine carries the power cost for the hydraulic backfill plant.
Site G A includes power costs for site mine offices, area lighting and changeroom facilities. 

Mill
operating costs are scheduled. Mine site general and administrative (G A) costs are determined based on anticipated staffing levels
and compensation compatible with area salaries. Mill power consumption is based on 1,800 tons per day. 

Table
18-2 LOM and Annual Mine Operating Costs 

Table
18-3 General Administrative and Site Indirect Costs 

Bunker
Hill direct-hire staffing for the overall mine and process operations, and the indirect contractor overhead and maintenance for the mine
were scheduled based on estimated staffing levels. Only mining will be performed with contract labor. Contingency was not added to estimated
operating costs and the level of accuracy is estimated at +/- 15 . 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 180 

Table
18-4 Mine Operations, Engineering, Geology and Overhead Staffing 

Table
18-5 Mill Operations and Overhead Staffing 

Table
18-6 Indirect Contract Supervision, Maintenance and Support Staffing 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 181 

19 
 Economic
 Analysis 

The
economic analysis is based on an 1,800 stpd mine plan utilizing cut-and-fill and long hole open stoping with backfill. Metal recoveries
are based on current metallurgical test work and historical mill operational data. Silver will be recovered in the lead concentrate and
any silver reporting to the zinc concentrate is considered non-payable. This is consistent with typical smelter treatment charges and
agreements. Projected long term metal prices of 1.25/lb zinc, 0.95/lb lead and 21.50/oz silver were used to calculate revenues for
the full life of mine. Escalation was not applied to operating or capital costs other than a slight operating cost increase later in
the mine life to reflect operating from the deeper-mine levels. 

An
initial capital investment of 55 million (including contingency) is required to restart the mine. Bunker Hill is projected to generate
approximately 25 million of annual average free cash flow over an initial 5-year mine life based on the current Probable reserves. It
will produce over 316 million pounds of zinc, 146 million pounds of lead, and 3 million ounces of silver at an all-in sustaining cost AISC of 0.77 per payable pound of zinc (net of by-products). 

The
project is expected to generate pre-tax free cash flow of 137 million over its 5-year mine life and 129 million on an after-tax basis,
excluding the Initial Capex period and before consideration of projected land and salvage sale proceeds of 12 million at the end of
the mine life. The Company s goal is to significantly increase the free cash flow by multiple optimization work streams including
mill and process throughput and recovery, resource expansion and exploration. 

19.1 
 Taxes 

A
US mining-focused tax consulting firm prepared the U.S. federal and Idaho state tax computations based on the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended and the regulations thereunder and the Idaho Revenue and Taxation Statute Title 63 as in effect as of April
10, 2021. The tax elections assumed and incorporated in the tax computation are the Bunker Hill: 

1.
is a single mine and property under Section 614. 

 2.
will expense exploration expenditures as incurred 

 3.
will elect to treat mine development costs as incurred as deferred expenses under Section 606(b). 

 4.
will elect out of Section 168(K) bonus depreciation 

 5.
will depreciate long-lived assets under the unit of production basis under Section 168(f)(1) and other assets will be depreciated under
MACRS in accordance with Rev. Proc. 87-56. 

(1) 
 And
 all metal sales will be delivered outside of the United States and are therefore eligible for the FDII deduction under Section 250. 

Property
taxes and the Idaho Mine License tax are included as operating costs. Idaho Mine License tax is 1 of taxable mine income less depletion
expense. 

19.2 
 Royalties 

To
date, Bunker Hill has been advancing development of the mine through funding obtained from a number of sources, including through its
 66 million project financing package with Sprott Private Resources Streaming and Royalty Corp. Sprott or SRSR ).
This package consists of four instruments: 

- 
 An
 8 million Royalty Convertible Debenture, which is convertible into a 1.85 royalty on gross revenue from the Bunker Hill Mine at
 the option of the holder until the earlier of the maturity date of July 7, 2023 or such time that the multi-metals Stream is advanced
 (see below). A lower 1.35 rate applies to production from certain areas outside the current resource) 

- 
 A
 6 million Series 1 Convertible Debenture, which is convertible into common shares of Bunker Hill until the maturity date of March
 31, 2025 

- 
 A
 15 million Series 1 Convertible Debenture, which is convertible into common shares of Bunker Hill until the maturity date of March
 31, 2025 

- 
 A
 37 million multi-metals Stream, which is envisaged to include a sale of 10 all payable metals from the Bunker Hill Mine at 20 
 of applicable market prices until a certain minimum quantity of metal sales is met, at which point it will reduce to a 2 rate thereafter 

As
of September 2022, the Royalty Convertible Debenture, Series 1 Convertible Debenture, and Series 2 Convertible Debenture had closed,
with 29 million advanced from SRSR; the 37 million multi-metals Stream had not been advanced. 

The
Prefeasibility Study economic analysis does not include the impact of the gross revenue royalty that would result from conversion of
the Royalty Convertible Debenture, as such a royalty on the Bunker Hill Mine does not exist as of the date of this report nor can there
be any assurance that a conversion of the Royalty Convertible Debenture will take place. Similarly, there can be no assurance of closing
of the multi-metals Stream and as such, no impact from the Stream have been factored into the economic analysis. 

As
such, in summary all outstanding obligations from the Royalty Convertible Debenture, Series 1 Convertible Debenture, and the Series 2
Convertible Debenture are treated as corporate debt and not included in the economic analysis of the Prefeasibility Study. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 182 

Table
19-1 Bunker Hill Project Economic Summary 

(1) 
 Includes
 zinc produced in zinc concentrate, lead and silver produced in lead concentrate. 

(2) 
 Life
 of mine LOM includes initial capital expenditure. 

(3) 
 Annual
 Average is the average of years 1-5 and does not include initial CAPEX 

(4) 
 Cost
 Metrics and FCF Valuations associated with production under the Initial Capex period are reflected in the Initial Capex and
 Free Cash Flow values at the bottom of the Initial Capex column. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 183 

(A)
Initial capex period is expressed on a 16-month basis; Years 1-5 are expressed on a 12-month basis. 

 (B)
All metrics expressed on a 12-month basis, beginning after the 16-month initial capex period. 

Note:
all figures expressed in USD 000 s unless otherwise stated. Historic water treatment cost recovery liabilities of 17,000,000,
and accounts payable for historic water treatment by the EPA, are considered corporate costs and not included in this economic analysis. 

As
shown in Table 19-1, based on these free cash flow estimates, the financial model indicates an IRR of 36 with a 2.1-year payback and
a net present value (NPV) of approximately 63 million at a 5 discount rate, or 52 million at an 8 discount rate. A 5 discount rate
is often utilized with precious metals projects, while an 8 discount rate is often used with base metals projects. Lower discount rates
are also typically associated with lower risk jurisdictions. Given the polymetallic nature of the Bunker Hill Mine, the historic and
future importance of silver to the project s economic value, the low-risk jurisdiction of Idaho, USA, and the low interest rate
environment as of the date of this report, it is helpful to understand the project valuation for both a 5 and 8 discount rate. 

19.3 
 Sensitivities 

Table
19-2 below summarizes the after-tax sensitivities of NPV (8 discount rate) and IRR, with respect to metal prices and costs. 

Table
19-2 Sensitivity Analysis 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 184 

20 
 Adjacent
 Properties 

Adjacent
properties are properties in which the issuer does not have an interest, has a boundary that is proximate to the Property being reported
upon and has similar geological characteristics to the Property being reported on. Figure 20-1 shows the adjacent properties contiguous
to the Bunker Hill Property. 

Figure
20-1 Properties adjacent to Bunker Hill 

The
mineralized veins of the Crescent Silver Project are located approximately 1.25 miles (2 km) east-southeast of the past-producing Bunker
Hill Mine. Crescent Silver Project mineral tenure consists of 1,280 acres (518 ha) of patented mining claims and is contiguous with the
Bunker Hill Property. 

The
following information on the Crescent Silver Project has been taken from the Crescent Silver LLC. website. The Resource Estimate shown
in Table 20-1 was summarized from the 2013 NI 43-101 Technical Report and Preliminary Economic Assessment by Pennington and Hartley. 

RDA
has been unable to verify the information within the Crescent Silver technical report. The information is not necessarily indicative
of the mineralization at Bunker which is the subject of this technical report. 

The
Crescent Silver Project (Pennington and Hartley 2013) currently contains four known major mineralized zones. The mineralized veins of
the Crescent Silver Project are typical Silver Belt veins, and are composed of siderite, quartz, and various sulfides including
pyrite, tetrahedrite, chalcopyrite, arsenopyrite and galena. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 185 

Table
20-1 Crescent Silver Project Mineral Resource 

Vein 
 Resource Class 
 Tons
 (x 1,000) 
 Silver 
 Copper 

oz/ton 
 oz (x
 1,000) 
 
 lb (x1,000) 
 
 Alhambra 
 Measured 
 8.2 
 18.4 
 150 
 0.32 
 52 

Indicated 
 101.4 
 15.5 
 1,568 
 0.24 
 485 

Measured + Indicated 
 109.6 
 15.7 
 1,718 
 0.25 
 538 

Inferred 
 442.4 
 14.0 
 6,189 
 0.19 
 1,709 
 
 Jackson 
 Measured 
 2.8 
 19.6 
 54 
 0.87 
 48 

Indicated 
 1.4 
 18.8 
 26 
 0.80 
 22 

Measured + Indicated 
 4.1 
 19.3 
 80 
 0.85 
 70 

Inferred 
 15.3 
 16.3 
 248 
 0.82 
 250 
 
 South 
 Measured 
 27.8 
 23.3 
 647 
 0.61 
 342 

Indicated 
 59.3 
 23.4 
 1,387 
 0.57 
 681 

Measured + Indicated 
 87.1 
 23.4 
 2,035 
 0.59 
 1,023 

Inferred 
 526.8 
 24.1 
 12,670 
 0.63 
 6,602 
 
 Total 
 Measured 
 38.7 
 22.0 
 851 
 0.57 
 443 

Indicated 
 162.1 
 18.4 
 2,981 
 0.37 
 1,189 

Measured + Indicated 
 200.8 
 19.1 
 3,833 
 0.41 
 1,631 

Inferred 
 948.5 
 19.4 
 19,107 
 0.43 
 8,561 

The
reader is cautioned that the above information is not necessarily indicative of the mineralization on the Bunker Hill Property. 

The
past-producing Sunshine Mine is located approximately 4 km east-southeast of the Bunker Hill Property. The Sunshine Mine Project mineral
tenure consists of 10,377 acres (4,200 ha) of patented and unpatented mining claims and is contiguous with the Bunker Hill Property. 

The
information presented in Table 20-2 has been summarized from the NI 43-101 Technical Report, Resource Estimate and Preliminary Economic
Assessment prepared for Sunshine Silver Mines Corporation by TetraTech and MTB (Bryan et al. 2014). The data contained in the technical
report and website has not been originally sourced or verified by RDA. The reader is cautioned that the below information is not necessarily
indicative of the mineralization on the Bunker Hill Property. 

Table
20-2 Sunshine Mine Mineral Resource Estimate 

Resource Class 
 Tons
 Diluted 
 Ag
 Grade Diluted (g/t) 
 Ag
 Contained Ounces 
 Cu
 
 Pb
 
 Zn

Measured 
 1,120,000 
 843 
 30,300,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Indicated 
 1,870,000 
 752 
 45,200,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Measured + Indicated 
 2,980,000 
 786 
 75,500,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Inferred 
 8,170,000 
 842 
 221,300,000 
 0.22 
 0.35 
 0.02 

21 
 Other
 Relevant Data and Information 

There
is no additional relevant data and information that would make the report understandable and not misleading. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 186 

22 
 Interpretations
 and Conclusions 

The
Bunker Hill Mine is one of the most storied base metal and silver mines in American history. Initial discovery and development of the
property began in 1885, and from that time until the mine closed in 1981 it produced over 35.8 M tons (32.5 M tonnes) of mineralization
at an average mined grade of 8.76 lead, 4.52 ounces per ton (155 g/t) silver, and 3.67 zinc. The acquisition of the Bunker Hill Mine
Project includes existing infrastructure at Milo Gulch, and the majority of machinery and buildings at the Kellogg Tunnel portal level
as well as all equipment and infrastructure anywhere underground at the Bunker Hill Mine Complex. 

This
report demonstrates that the restart of the Bunker Hill mine can reasonably be expected to generate a positive return on investment with
an after-tax IRR of 36 based on the reserves presented. It is reasonable to expect the conversion of Inferred resources to Indicated
resources and indicated resources to measured resources to continue. Inferred Mineral Resources are considered too geologically speculative
to have economic considerations applied to them to be classified as a Mineral Reserve. 

The
mineralization of the Coeur d Alene district consists of veins with variable proportions of sphalerite, galena, argentiferous tetrahedrite
in either a quartz or siderite gangue. Most silver production has come from the mineral belt south of the Osburn Fault, the western part
of which includes the Bunker Hill Mine and is known as the Silver Belt. The deposits are numerous and relatively large with strike lengths
up to 984 ft (300 m) with dip lengths of over 3,280 ft (1,000 m). Wall rock alteration associated with veining consists of changes in
carbonate mineralogy plus sulfidation and silicification. Pyritization of wall rocks is locally strong. Bleached halos resulting from
destruction of hematite by hydrothermal fluids are also characteristic. The mineralization is partly oxidized to a depth of approximately
1,968 ft (600 m). 

The
Bunker Hill Mine comprises multiple zones of mineralization. Most production has come from structurally controlled zones along the northwest
striking and southwest dipping Cate Fault, a splay structure of the Osburn Fault. Mineralization is primarily hosted by quartzites and
siltites of the Revett and St. Regis Formations of the Ravalli Group. Mineralization occurs in veins in the footwall rocks of the Cate
Fault, and from veins and strata bound mineralization in the hanging wall of the Cate Fault. 

RDA
is of the opinion that the past production of over 160 million ounces of silver should be investigated with vigorous exploration programs.
While base metals are a very important component of the Project, the recent selling prices of silver demand attention. The confirmation
drilling program identified intercepts of 10 to 20 ounces per ton of sliver. The J vein and Francis stopes hosted high grade silver mineralization.
The near surface historic Caledonia and Sierra Nevada Mines were bonanza grade silver producers in the past. These and other known occurrences
of silver must be followed up upon to determine if economic silver occurrences exist on the Bunker Hill Property land package. 

This
TRS is based on all available technical and scientific data available as of August 29, 2022. Mineral Resources are considered by the
QP to meet the reasonable prospects of eventual economic extraction due two main factors; 1) cut-off grades are based on scientific data
and assumptions related to the project and 2) Mineral Resources are estimated only within blocks of mineralization that have been accessible
in the past by mining operations as well as by using generally accepted mining and processing costs that are similar to many projects
in Idaho. 

The
exploration and development of mineral properties involves risk. There can be no assurance that the exploration program discussed in
this TRS will result in additional Mineral Resource Estimates. Numerous factors such as commodity price fluctuations, property tenure,
environmental and permitting issues, metallurgical and geotechnical considerations may have a material impact on the Bunker Hill Project. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 187 

23 
 Recommendations 

Exploration
programs should focus on the definition of additional silver and other base metal resources. Resources that demonstrate the reasonable
prospects of eventual economic extraction have been identified within the current mineral resource estimate. Specifically. significant
silver mineralization encountered through exploration and past production suggests that these zones should be given as much weight as
past Pb and Zn exploration and resource definition programs. 

Metallurgical
test work should be continued to include full variability testing through various sections of mineralization as development progresses. 

Digitization
of nearly 100 years of paper maps is constantly being updated. In addition to unlocking the understanding of the geometry of the mineral
deposit much of the information describes the mined-out portion of the Project. This will be critical for future mineral resource estimates
as mined out voids need to be accounted for. 

Continued
engineering and design work on the milling, process and backfill plants and systems are recommended. Backfill mix designs should be optimized.
Construction level design and equipment bid packages are required to initiate construction and further define project economics and timelines. 

Additional
geotechnical work is recommended to optimize stope and pillar dimensions, as well as ground support standards. A mine ventilation survey
should be completed once the 5 to 6-level breakthrough is completed and main fan installed. Regular ventilation surveys are recommended
throughout development and operations. 

Successive
phases of work are not recommended for the advancement of the project. 

Table
23-1 Proposed Phase 1 Work Program to Advance Bunker Hill 

Activity 
 Amount 
 
 Geophysical Interpretation and
 Additional Geophysics 
 0.05 M 
 
 Environmental Studies 
 0.03 M 
 
 Geotechnical Studies 
 0.15 M 
 
 Mill and Process Plant Engineering 
 1.70 M 
 
 Hydraulic Backfill and Tailing Placement
 Engineering 
 0.50 M 
 
 Total Recommended Budget 
 2.43 M 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 188 

24 
 References 

Farmin,
J., 1977. Geologic Research Progress Summary and 1977 Exploration Plans, Bunker Hill Mining internal memo. 

Herndon,
Stephen D., Diagenesis and metamorphism in the Revett quartzite (Middle Proterozoic Belt) Idaho and Montana (1983). Graduate
Student Theses, Dissertations, Professional Papers. 7510. 

Hobbs,
S. W., A. B. Griggs, R. E. Wallace, and A. B. Campbell, 1965, Geology of the Coeur d Alene district, Shoshone Co., Idaho: U.S.
Geological Survey Professional Paper 478, 139 p. 

Idaho
Geologic Survey, 2002. Geologic Map of Shoshone County, Open-File Publication. 

 https://www.idahogeology.org/webmap. 

Juras,
D. S., 1977, Structural Geology of Bunker Hill Mine: Private report for the Bunker Hill Company, 111 p. 

Juras,
D. and Duff, J., 2020. Geology and Ore Controls at the Bunker Hill Mine, Coeur d Alene District, Idaho: Private report for the
Bunker Hill Company. 

Leach,
D.L., Hofstra, A.H., Church, S.E., Snee, L.W., Vaughn, R.B., and Zartman, R.E., 1998, Evidence for Proterozoic and Late Cretaceous-Early
Tertiary ore-forming events in the Coeur d Alene district, Idaho and Montana: Economic Geology, v. 93, p. 347-359. 

Lydon,
J.W., 2007, Geology and metallogeny of the Belt-Purcell Basin, in Goodfellow, W.D., ed., Mineral Deposits of Canada: A Synthesis of Major
Deposit Types, District Metallogeny, the Evolution of Geological Provinces, and Exploration Methods: Geological Association of Canada,
Mineral Deposits Division, Special Publication No. 5, p. 581-607. 

Mathews,
K.E., Hoek, E., Wyllie, D.C., et al. 1981. Prediction of Stable Excavations Spans for Mining at Depths Below 1,000 Metres in Hard Rock. 

Meyer,
R. L. and Springer, D., 1985, Proposal to Explore and Mine the Bunker Hill Property, Shoshone County, Idaho, Private report for Bunker
Limited Partnership. 

Potvin,
Y. 1988. Empirical open stope design in Canada. Ph.D. thesis, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada 

U.S.
EPA Region 10 CERCLA Docket No. 10-2017-0123. SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND ORDER ON CONSENT FOR RESPONSE ACTION BY BUNKER HILL MINING
CORP., PURCHASER, UNDER THE COMPREHENSIVE ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSE, COMPENSATION AND LIABILITY ACT, 42 U.S.C. 9601-9675 

White,
B. G., 1976, Revett stratigraphy of the Bunker Hill mine and vicinity: Private report prepared for The Bunker Hill Co., Dec. 31, 1976,
46 p., 4 plates. 

White,
B.G., 1994, Shear zone hosted ore deposits of the Coeur d Alene mining district, Idaho, USA: Geological Society of America Abstracts
with Program, v. 26, no.7, p.21. 

White,
B. G., and D. S. Juras, 1976, Surface geological map, and cross Sections of the Bunker Hill property: Private report for The Bunker Hill
Co., December. 1976. 

White,
B., 2015. New Concepts for the Exploration of the Bunker Hill Mine: 2015 : Private Report for New Bunker Hill Mining Company. 

Wilson,
S.E., 2020, Technical Report for the Bunker Hill Mine, Coeur d Alene Mining District, Shoshone County, Idaho, USA. 

Wilson,
S.E., 2021, Technical Report for the Bunker Hill Mine, Coeur d Alene Mining District, Shoshone County, Idaho, USA. 

Wilson,
S.E. et al., 2021, Technical Report and Preliminary Economic Assessment for Underground Milling and Concentration of Lead, Silver
and Zinc at the Bunker Hill Mine, Coeur d Alene Mining District, Shoshone County, Idaho, USA. 

Bunker Hill Mining Corp. Technical Report Effective August 29, 2022 Page 189 

Wilson,
S.E. et al., 2021, Technical Report and Preliminary Economic Assessment for Underground Milling and Concentration of Lead, Silver
and Zinc at the Bunker Hill Mine, Coeur d Alene Mining District, Shoshone County, Idaho, USA. November 03, 2021. Effective Date
September 20, 2021 

Wilson,
S.E. et al., 2021, Technical Report and Preliminary Economic Assessment for Underground Milling and Concentration of Lead, Silver
and Zinc at the Bunker Hill Mine, Coeur d Alene Mining District, Shoshone County, Idaho, USA. December 29, 2021. Effective Date
November 29, 2021 

Wilson,
S.E. et al., 2022, Technical Report and Preliminary Economic Assessment for Underground Milling and Concentration of Lead, Silver
and Zinc at the Bunker Hill Mine, Coeur d Alene Mining District, Shoshone County, Idaho, USA. February 22, 2022. Effective Date
January 7, 2022 

25 
 reliance
 on information provided by registrant 

The
consulting firms and their Qualified Persons (QPs) have relied upon written reports and statements of other individuals and companies
with whom they do business. It is believed that the basic assumptions are factual and accurate, and that the interpretations are reasonable.
This data has been relied upon in the prefeasibility study and there is no reason to believe that any material facts have been withheld
or misstated. The QPs have taken all appropriate steps, in their professional judgment, to ensure that the work, information, or advice
from BHMC personnel is sound and the QPs do not disclaim any responsibility for the Technical Report Summary. 

For
the specific purpose of this Technical Report Summary, the QP s relied upon legal, environmental and tax matters provided by the
registrant as follows: 

With
 respect to land issues, leases and information, RDA has relied upon the Title Opinion of Lyons O Dowd Law Firm dated August
 12, 2020 as well as written and verbal communication with BHMC in the preparation of section 3. 

Tax
 assumptions for the economic model underpinning the TRS, finalized shortly before the Company s news release regarding the
 PFS of September 06, 2022, were developed by Scott Farmer of Mining Tax Plan LLC. These tax assumptions were used for the economic
 analysis of the Project. 

RDA
 has relied on and included data provided by the Company and its consultants and its contractors and has drawn its own conclusions
 from the data. 

Patterson
 Cooke North America provided the tailings and backfill engineering and capital estimates; Barr Engineering provided the milling
 and process design, capital and operating costs in conjunction with Bunker Hill s management team. Golder and Associates USA,
 Inc. toured the property and provided preliminary geotechnical opinions. All personnel related or employed by the above companies,
 and had involvement with the Bunker project and studies, are considered professionals and not Qualified Persons under the definitions
 of this report. 

No
other experts were relied upon in the preparation of this Technical Report Summary. 

</EX-96.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 172
 bhll-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 174
 bhll-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 175
 bhll-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 176
 bhll-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

