<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230622_10-K_edgar_data_50292_0001213900-23-050974.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19026539</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>284277</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1391564</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10752193</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2319590</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3231646</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-050974.hdr.sgml : 20230622
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230622161628
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-050974
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230622
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230622

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IEH Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000050292
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC CONNECTORS [3678]
		IRS NUMBER:				135549345
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-05278
		FILM NUMBER:		231033504

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 58TH ST BLDG B UNIT 8E
		CITY:			BROOKLYN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11220
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7184924440

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 58TH STREET BUILDING B SUITE 8E
		CITY:			BROOKLYN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11220

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IEH CORPORATION
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INDUSTRIAL ELECTRONIC HARDWARE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890123

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INDUSTRIAL HEAT TREATING CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19670926

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-050974.txt : 20230622

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_iehcorp.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission
file number: 

IEH
Corporation 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: OTC Pink Market 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller
reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated
filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by
check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on September 30, 2021, based
on a closing price of 12.00 was . 

As
 of June 22, 2023, the registrant had shares of its common stock,
par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART
 I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 
 5 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 17 

PART
 II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 18 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 19 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 19 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 36 

PART
 III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 37 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 
 40 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 43 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 45 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 45 

PART
 IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 46 
 
 ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 
 47 

SIGNATURES 
 
 48 

i 

IEH
CORPORATION 

Explanatory
Note 

General 

This Annual
Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report or this Form 10-K is a comprehensive filing for the fiscal years
ended March 31, 2020, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022 by IEH Corporation IEH, the Company, we, 
 us or our, unless the context indicates otherwise) and interim periods. It is being filed by us in order
to move toward becoming current in our filing obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). This is our first periodic filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC since we filed our
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. 

The circumstances
that caused us to be delinquent in our filings with the SEC were due primarily to the Company s efforts to resolve issues relating
to inventory reporting in our accounting system following the transition to a new accounting system. After recognizing our inventory
balances were previously misstated, we discovered there were a number of issues with our new accounting system, including system design
and implementation as well as utilization issues. Our new accounting system had significant differences in its inventory balance breakdown
compared to our legacy accounting system due to process differences in perpetual and periodic inventory. 

Restatement
Background 

On October
6, 2020, the Company s management and the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Audit Committee reached a determination that the Company s previously issued unaudited interim financial statements included in the Company s
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended (i) September 27, 2019, filed with the SEC on November 11, 2019 and (ii)
December 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on February 14, 2020, should no longer be relied upon. On January 26, 2023, the Company s
management and the Audit Committee reached a determination that the Company s previously issued financial statements and related
disclosures as of March 31, 2020 and for the period then ended should no longer be relied upon because of material misstatements contained
in those financial statements. The Company s management and the Audit Committee discussed these matters with Marcum LLP, the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm. In connection with the Company s migration to the new accounting system, including
the reconciliation of the old and new systems and preparation of its year end accounting, management discovered that inventory balances
previously reported were misstated. 

Restatement
of Previously Issued Financial Statements 

Following
the filing of the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2020, the Company ceased filing its reports with the SEC while
it worked on resolving issues related to inventory reporting in its accounting system. Following review of the accounting irregularities,
the Company s management and the Audit Committee determined to restate its audited financial statements for the year ended March
31, 2020 and its interim financial statements for the quarterly periods ended September 27, 2019 and December 31, 2019. See Note 2 to
our Financial Statements. 

The Company
concluded that the impact of applying corrections for these errors and misstatements on the aforementioned financial statements is material.
These errors resulted in an understatement of costs of products sold of 1,869,136, an overstatement of income tax expense of 632,818,
and an overstatement of net income of 1,236,318, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. 

Financial
Statements 

In
order to provide stockholders a composite presentation of information, this filing includes more information than we would be required
to include in an Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Form 10-K includes: 

Restated unaudited interim
 financial information for the quarterly periods ended September 27, 2019 and December 31, 2019; 

Restated audited financial
 information for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020; 

Unaudited interim financial
 information for the quarterly periods ended June 30, 2020, September 30, 2020, December 31, 2020, June 30, 2021, September 30, 2021,
 December 31, 2021; and 

Audited financial information
 for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022. 

We
believe that presenting all of the information for the periods indicated above in this Form 10-K will allow investors and others to review
all pertinent data in a single presentation. We have not filed and do not intend to file Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for any of our
2021 and 2022 fiscal quarters. Information about each of our 2021 and 2022 fiscal quarters is contained in Note 15 of our Financial Statements. 

Control
Considerations 

In connection
with the restatement, management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Based
on this assessment, the Company identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting resulting in the conclusion
by the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer that the internal control over financial reporting and disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of March 31, 2020 through 2022. Management is taking additional steps to remediate the
material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. See Item 9A, Controls and Procedures, for additional
information related to these material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting and the related remedial measures. 

ii 

Cautionary
Statements Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 

This report
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Exchange Act and Section 27A of the Securities Act. Any
statements contained in this report that are not statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. When we use the words
 anticipates, plans, estimates, expects, believes, should, 
 could, may, will and similar expressions, we are identifying forward-looking statements. We
have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future financial events and financial
trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. Forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factor Summary below, Risk Factors in Part
I, Item 1A, and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and may include statements related to, among other things: macroeconomic
factors, including rising inflation, supply shortages and recessionary pressures; accounting estimates and assumptions; pricing pressures
on our product caused by competition; the risk that our products will not gain market acceptance; our ability to obtain additional financing;
our ability to successfully prevent our registration from suspension or revocation and timely file our SEC reports; our ability to operate
our accounting system and material weaknesses identified in connection with our migration to such accounting system; our ability to protect
intellectual property; our ability to integrate our satellite facility into our operations, and our ability to attract and retain key
employees. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance and you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements, as they will depend on many
factors about which we are unsure, including many factors beyond our control. 

Except as
may be required by applicable law, we do not undertake or intend to update or revise our forward-looking statements, and we assume no
obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this report as a result of new information or future events or developments.
Thus, you should not assume that our silence over time means that actual events are bearing out as expressed or implied in such forward-looking
statements. You should carefully review and consider the various disclosures we make in this report and our other reports filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC that attempt to advise interested parties of the risks, uncertainties and
other factors that may affect our business. 

Important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results and events anticipated or implied by such forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to: 

changes in the market acceptance
 of our products and services; 

increased levels of competition; 

changes in political, economic
 or regulatory conditions generally and in the markets in which we operate; 

our relationships with our
 key customers; 

adverse conditions in the
 industries in which our customers operate; 

our ability to retain and
 attract senior management and other key employees; 

our ability to quickly and
 effectively respond to new technological developments; 

our ability to protect our
 trade secrets or other proprietary rights, operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others and prevent others from
 infringing on our proprietary rights; and 

other risks, including those
 described in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report. 

iii 

IEH
CORPORATION 

PART
I 

Item 1. Business: 

IEH
Corporation (hereinafter referred to as IEH or the Company began operations in New York, New York in 1941
and was incorporated as a New York corporation in March 1943, when Louis Offerman founded L. Offerman Tool Die with his two sons,
Bernard and Seymour. 

In
the late 1960 s, IEH bought a license to manufacture HYPERBOLOID sockets, and began making printed circuit board PCB connectors for the military and aerospace industries, in accordance with the MIL-DTL-55302 military specification. We have been
making these connectors and variations of them ever since, and today, we are one of the leaders in HYPERBOLOID connectors and contacts. 

In
use for nearly 50 years under demanding conditions, HYPERBOLOID technology has proven itself to be the leading design for integrity and
reliability. On avionics platforms, military and commercial aerospace equipment, engine control systems, missiles and torpedoes, vehicular
electronics, satellites and rocket launchers, medical devices, industrial and environmental controls, test equipment, pin grid array PGA sockets and countless other rugged applications, HYPERBOLOID aims to be the highest reliability connector available. 

At
IEH, we design and manufacture HYPERBOLOID connectors that not only accommodate, but exceed military and aerospace specification standards.
Years after inception, our HYPERBOLOID solutions continue to prove their reliability and benefits. Our engineers have long provided reliable
and innovative HYPERBOLOID interconnect solutions for defense, commercial, aerospace and medical use. 

We
are a family managed business, as Louis great-grandson David is the President and Chief Executive Officer, and we believe that
we still manufacture the highest quality products for the most demanding environments. But most importantly, we are always looking
ahead. We are committed to developing new technology that meets the demands of our fast-paced customers, and we are steadfast about always
exceeding our customers expectations. 

IEH
serves customers in the United States and internationally. Our customers include defense contractors, commercial aerospace equipment
manufacturers, medical device manufacturers, oil and gas exploration firms, and commercial space launch companies. We sell both directly
and through distributors. We maintain a Military Specification QPL (Qualified Product Listing), and an ISO (International Standards
Organization) 9001:2015 Certification. 

For
the fiscal years ending March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately 59.1 , 60.8 and 59.5 , respectively, of the Company s sales
were for defense applications, 14.7 , 21.4 and 26.2 , respectively, for commercial aerospace, and 26.2 , 17.8 , 17.8 , respectively,
for the remainder for commercial space launch, medical, oil and gas and industrial markets. 

New
Product Development: 

IEH
continues to expand the scope and range of its PCB connector offerings. We have also increased the breadth of our products by introducing
high-speed connectors for data transmission, as well as hybrid power/signal connectors. New product developments are primarily
driven by customer demand. IEH also continues to specialize in custom interconnects designed specifically for customer applications. 
Our engineers work in conjunction with customer engineers to create, refine and manufacture connectors and interconnect solutions that
meet their specific, demanding needs. IEH engineers are renowned for their flexibility and creativity in solving customer interconnect
challenges and providing innovative solutions. 

1 

Marketing
and Sales: 

The
market for connectors and interconnect devices, domestic and worldwide, is highly fragmented as a result of the manufacture by many companies
of a multitude of different types and varieties of connectors and interconnects. For example, connectors include: printed wiring board,
rectangular I/O, circular, planar IOC RF coaxial, IC socket and fiber optic. The Company has been servicing a niche in
the market by manufacturing connectors containing HYPERBOLOID contact designs in the printed wiring board style of connectors. 

The
Company is continuously experimenting with innovative connection designs, which may cause it to alter its marketing plans in the future
if a market should develop for any of its current or future innovative designs. The Company is continually reviewing product lines being
sold in the connector and interconnect marketplace. We are committed to expanding our product offering and we consider that many of our
current or future custom designs will become product lines. 

The
Company s products are marketed to Original Equipment Manufacturers OEM directly and through authorized representatives
and distributors serving primarily the Military, Aerospace, Medical, Space, Industrial, Test Equipment and Commercial Electronics markets.
The Company is also involved in developing new connectors for specific uses, which result from changes in technology. The Company assists
customers in the development and design of connectors for specific customer applications. This service is marketed to customers who require
the development of connectors and interconnection devices specially designed to accommodate the customers own products. 

The
Company is primarily a manufacturer and its products are essentially basic components of larger assemblies of finished goods. During
the year ended March 31, 2022, approximately 37.1 of the Company s total net sales represented three customers, and consists individually
of 12.5 , 12.3 and 12.3 . During the year ended March 31, 2021, approximately 36.0 of the Company s total net sales represented
three customers, and consists individually of 17.34 , 10.38 and 8.28 . During the year ended March 31, 2020, approximately 36.6 of
the Company s total net sales represented three customers, and consists individually of 13.6 , 13.1 and 9.9 . 

The
Company currently employs 22 independent sales organizations to market its products in all regions in the United States as well as in
Canada, the European Union EU ), Southeast Asia, Central Asia and the Middle East. These independent sales representatives
also promote the product lines of other electronics manufacturers; however, they do not promote the product lines of manufacturers which
compete directly with the Company s products. These sales representatives accounted for approximately 75 of Company s net
sales for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 (with the balance of Company net sales being generated via direct customer contact). 

International
sales accounted for approximately 23.8 , 23.3 and 18.4 of net sales for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Approximately
68.2 , 85.8 and 47.0 of the aforementioned international net sales for fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively,
represent sales to customers located in China. 

We
also market our products and capabilities through our website, www.iehcorp.com. Our product series HBH Hybrid Power/Signal HYPERBOLOID
Connectors, has a configuration tool that allows users to build their own hybrid connector and download 3D models to incorporate into
their modules. 

Backlog
of Orders/Capital Requirements: 

Our
customers typically enter into supply arrangements for the purchase of our products which we will produce and deliver over time. On an
as-needed basis, our customers place specific production orders, and these orders are generally filled and ship within two weeks. Our
backlog consists of supply arrangements where the anticipated unfulfilled shipping dates are within approximately twelve months. Because
of the possibility of customer changes in delivery schedules or the cancellation of orders, our backlog as of any particular date may
not be indicative of revenue in any future period. The backlog amounted to approximately 7,909,000 at March 31, 2022 as compared to
 13,673,000 at March 31, 2021 and 21,552,000 at March 31, 2020. The decrease in total backlog as of March 31, 2022 compared with the
previous years is primarily due to macro reductions in aerospace demand, driven in large part by the grounding of the Boeing 737 Max
jet and reduced commercial airline travel during the pandemic. 

A
portion of these backlog orders are subject to cancellation or postponement of delivery dates and, therefore, no assurance can be given
that actual sales will result from these orders. The Company does not foresee any problems which would prevent it from fulfilling these
orders. However, the continuing uncertainty regarding the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the commercial airline industry is expected
and may continue to impact sales order backlog growth in that market into fiscal 2024. 

2 

Forward
Looking Business Trends: 

Impact
of COVID-19 and Other Factors: 

Since
early 2020, the world has been, and continues to be, impacted by the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. In 2020 and continuing into
2021, COVID-19 (including its variants and mutations) and measures to prevent its spread disrupted our business in a number of ways,
including strains on supply chains, and general economic conditions. For example, recent supply shortages for parts produced by other
manufacturers in the end product in which our product is used we believe has caused delays in ordering our products. Although restrictions
in the United States have largely been lifted, international countries, such as China, continue to experience disruptions from the COVID-19
pandemic. If new COVID-19 variants emerge or the additional governmental restrictions are imposed domestically or internationally, our
business may be harmed. For example, in the future, the COVID-19 pandemic may cause reduced demand for certain products we provide. We
are not able to predict the full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial and operating results and how the COVID-19
pandemic will evolve domestically and internationally. 

During
fiscal 2022, the effects of COVID-19 continued to have an impact on the Company s results of operations. The Company has been impacted
by delays in receiving orders and obtaining materials required to produce certain products. As sales volumes have fluctuated, the Company
has taken measures to reduce costs. Additionally, our operations are subject to global economic and geopolitical risks. For example,
while the Company does not have a presence in these regions, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine has impacted economic activity
as well as the availability and price of raw materials and energy. The Company continues to actively monitor these factors and find ways
to mitigate the impact on its operations. 

For
additional information on risk factors that could impact our results, please refer to Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A
of this Form 10-K. 

Competition:

The
design, development, manufacture and distribution of electrical connectors and interconnection devices is a highly competitive field.
The Company principally competes with both large and small companies who also produce high performance connectors in printed circuits
and wiring boards for high technology applications, of which approximately ten companies are known by us. The Company competes by adapting
certain technologies to meet specific product applications, aiming to produce connectors cost-effectively, and through its production
capabilities. In addition, there are many companies who offer connectors with designs similar to those utilized by the Company and are
direct competitors of the Company. 

The
primary basis upon which the Company competes is product performance and production capabilities. The Company usually receives job orders
after submitting bids pursuant to customer-issued specifications for connectors and interconnects. The Company s bid can be for
a new item that requires the item to perform under harsh environment requirements or it can be for a standard catalog item. The Company
also offers engineering services to its customers in designing and developing connectors for specialized products and specific customer
applications. This enables the Company to receive a competitive advantage over those companies who basically manufacture connectors based
solely or primarily on cataloged specifications. 

Some
of the Company s competitors may have greater financial resources than the Company and no assurances can be given that the Company
will be able to compete effectively with these companies in the future. 

Suppliers
of Raw Materials and Component Parts: 

The
Company utilizes a variety of raw materials and manufactured component parts, which it purchases from various suppliers. These materials
and components are available from numerous sources and the Company does not believe that it will have a problem obtaining such materials
and parts in the future. 

However,
any delay in the Company s ability to obtain necessary raw materials and component parts may affect its ability to meet customer
production needs. In anticipation of such delays, the Company carries an inventory of raw materials and component parts to avoid shortages
and to insure continued production. However, as global supply chains continue to be constrained, there can be no certainty that we will
not be affected in the future, and we believe that there is risk that raw materials and supply chains will continue to be affected in
2023. 

Additionally,
while some macro-economic indicators available as of the date of this filing suggest that inflation may be slowing, inflationary pressures
impact virtually all aspects of our materials and suppliers, including power prices and labor costs, and are likely to impact our fiscal
year 2023 results. 

3 

Human
Capital Management: 

Our
employees are our greatest resource and an integral component to our operations. Their health, safety and well-being is a priority for
us. 

Talent 

We
are focused on sourcing, attracting, and retaining talent, especially those with technical backgrounds. We recognize and reward performance
while continually working to develop, engage and retain high-performing employees. We have made significant investments to provide ongoing
training and career development for our employees. We provide competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits. 

As
of March 31, 2022, we employed approximately 184 people of which 183 are full-time employees. Most of the employees engaged in manufacturing
and testing activities are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the United Auto Workers of America, Local 259 (the Union ),
which expires on March 31, 2024. The Company believes that it has a good relationship with its employees and the Union and has not experienced
any significant work stoppages or other labor problems. 

Diversity
and Inclusion 

We
treat each other with respect and value each individual s unique perspective and background. We are committed to a culture where
everyone belongs and diversity and inclusion drives business results. Diversity is crucial to our ongoing success to manage our business. 

Safety/Health
and Wellness 

We
are committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment for our employees. Aligned with our values, we strive to continuously
monitor our work environment to keep our employees safe. We have an open-door policy for all employees to report concerns or safety issues.
Our commitment to employee safety also include ongoing safety communications with safety topics and providing safety training. 

Governmental
Regulations: 

The
Company is subject to federal regulations under the Occupational Safety and Health Act OSHA and the Defense Supply Command
Columbus DSCC ). 

OSHA
provides federal guidelines and specifications to companies in order to insure the health and safety of employees. 

DSCC
oversees the quality and specifications of products and components manufactured and sold to the government and the defense industry.
DSCC s primary customer is the U.S. military. Many of our products appear on the DSCC Qualified Products Listing QPL ).
To remain qualified, the Company submits its products to an outside testing laboratory which performs all required testing. After review
by the Company of the testing results the data is then submitted to the DSCC. The Company and its products are only approved and remain
on the QPL if the Company has passed all testing requirements. Although DSCC continuously requires suppliers to meet changing specifications,
the Company has not encountered any significant problems meeting such specifications and its products have, in the past, been approved.
The Company is unaware of any changes in the Government s regulations which are expected to materially affect the Company s
business. 

Available Information 

Our
website is www.iehcorp.com. On our website we make available at no cost our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q,
current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically
file such material with, or furnish them to, the SEC. The information contained on our website is not a part of this annual report on
Form 10-K. 

4 

Item 1A. Risk Factors: 

In
evaluating our company and our business, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the
other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in these
risk factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation,
revenue, financial condition, results of operations or future prospects, in which case the market price of our common stock could decline,
and you could lose part or all of your investment. The material and other risks and uncertainties summarized in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K and described below are not intended to be exhaustive and are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in
the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including the risks described below. See the section titled Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . 

Risks
Related to Our Business: 

We
operate in a niche industry and our business results may vary from year to year depending upon, among other things, the nature of the
ordering cycle of our products which makes it hard to predict demand for our business and may adversely impact our business and results
of operations. 

We
manufacture PCB connector offerings for specialized applications and
our customers include defense contractors, commercial aerospace equipment manufacturers, medical device manufacturers, oil and gas exploration
firms, and commercial space launch companies. Our products are typically a small part in a larger end product used by our customers.
Supply shortages or other factors impacting third party suppliers that supply different parts to our customers for use in the same end
product in which our product is used can impact demand for our products. For example, recent supply shortages for parts produced by other
manufacturers in the end product in which our product is used we believe has caused delays in ordering our products. In addition, due
to the specialized nature of our products, we often manufacture limited quantities of our products. Since we are producing customized
products in smaller quantities, we are not able to achieve economies of scale, we are unable to obtain bulk discounts on our orders for
raw materials and sometimes the fulfillment of the supply of the raw materials used in our products is delayed because our suppliers
may prioritize larger orders. All of these factors may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

In addition, the ultimate end
product in which our products are used have long and irregular ordering cycles which may cause our business results to vary year to year.
For example, some of our products are used in airplanes which often are operable for about thirty years and thus are replaced over longer
time horizons than many other products and are susceptible to changes in the demand for travel. The ordering cycle for our customers is
often irregular and hard to predict. For example, our sales have declined, generally on a quarter over quarter basis, from the quarter
ended September 30, 2020 through the quarter ended March 31, 2022, and we are unable to predict if or when they will increase in the future.
This makes it difficult for us to anticipate when demand increases will occur and adjust our business and ordering to accommodate fluctuations
in demand. If we are not able to ramp production up or down quickly enough in response to rapid changes in demand, we may not be able
to effectively manage our costs, which could negatively impact operating results, and we may lose sales and market share. 

The
loss of certain substantial customers could materially and adversely affect us. 

During
the year ended March 31, 2022, approximately 37.1 of the Company s total net sales were from three customers, and consists individually
of 12.5 , 12.3 and 12.3 of our total net sales for the year. During the year ended March 31, 2021, approximately 36.0 of the Company s
total net sales were from three customers, and consists individually of 17.3 , 10.4 and 8.3 of our total net sales for the year. During
the year ended March 31, 2020, approximately 36.6 of the Company s total net sales were from three customers, and consists individually
of 13.6 , 13.1 and 9.9 of our total net sales for the year. We believe that the loss of one or more of these customers could have a
material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. We have experienced significant concentrations of
customers in prior years. Furthermore, factors that negatively impact the businesses of our major customers could materially
and adversely affect us even if the customer represents a relatively small part of our net sales. 

5 

We
may need additional funding in the future and if we are unable to raise capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate
our production or business efforts. 

Although
we have enough working capital in the short term, we may need to raise additional funding in connection with our continuing operations
through the debt or equity markets in the future. If we are to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced to
delay, reduce or eliminate our business efforts. Any capital raising efforts would also be impacted by our administrative proceeding
with the SEC pursuant to Exchange Act section 12(j), and whether the SEC suspends for up to twelve months, or revokes, the registration
of our securities. Any additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely
affect our business. In addition, we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable
to us, if at all. Additionally, market volatility resulting from macroeconomic conditions or other factors could also adversely impact
our ability to access capital as and when needed. Moreover, the terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights
of our stockholders and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may
cause the market price of our shares to decline. The sale of additional equity or convertible securities would dilute all of our stockholders
and may decrease our stock price. The incurrence of indebtedness could result in increased fixed payment obligations and we may be required
to agree to certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to
acquire, sell, or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct
our business. We could also be required to seek funds through arrangements with partners or others and we may be required to relinquish
rights to some of our intellectual property or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us, any of which may have a material adverse effect
on our business, operating results and prospects. If we are unable to obtain funding on a timely basis, our business, financial condition
and results of operations may be materially affected. 

Our
failure to prepare and timely file our periodic reports with the SEC limits our access to the public markets to raise debt or equity
capital. 

We
did not file our Quarterly and Annual Reports following our fiscal 2020 Annual Report with the SEC; thus, we have not remained current
in our reporting requirements with the SEC. We are not currently eligible to use a registration statement on Form S-3 that would allow
us to continuously incorporate by reference our SEC reports into the registration statement, or to use shelf registration
statements to conduct offerings, until approximately one year from the date we regained and maintain status as a current filer. If we
wish to pursue an offering now, we would be required to conduct the offering on an exempt basis, such as in accordance with Rule 144A,
or file a registration statement on Form S-1. Using a Form S-1 registration statement for a public offering would likely take significantly
longer than using a registration statement on Form S-3 and increase our transaction costs, and could, to the extent we are not able to
conduct offerings using alternative methods, adversely impact our ability to raise capital or complete acquisitions of other companies
in a timely manner. 

The
Company may have limited intellectual property protection. 

The
Company possesses certain proprietary intellectual property, including but not limited to, trade secrets, know-how and proprietary processes.
The Company relies on this intellectual property, know-how and other proprietary information, and requires employees,
consultants and suppliers to sign confidentiality agreements. However, these confidentiality agreements may be breached, and the Company
may not have adequate remedies for such breaches. Third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information
without infringing upon any proprietary technology. Third parties may otherwise gain access to proprietary information and adopt it in
a competitive manner. Any loss of intellectual property protection may have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations
or prospects. 

6 

We
are a niche manufacturer of highly engineered products that are high value/short run, using a unique mix of labor and capital equipment. 

Our
engineers provide HYPERBOLOID interconnect solutions for defense, commercial, aerospace and medical use. Our products are specialized
and require special equipment and skilled workers to operate our machinery. Our reliance on our skilled labor and capital equipment subjects
us to a number of risks that could negatively affect our ability to manufacture our products and harm our business, including interruption
of supply. We expect our overall reliance on our mix of labor and capital equipment to continue. Any significant delay or interruption
in our mix of labor and capital equipment could impair our ability to meet the demand of our customers and could harm our business. With
changes in demand, labor costs, and capital equipment costs, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain the labor and
capital equipment mix and therefore maintain our margins. 

A
significant design, manufacturing or supplier quality issue could adversely affect profitability. 

As
a manufacturer of highly engineered products, the performance, reliability and productivity of the Company s products
are some of its competitive advantages. While the Company prides itself on implementing procedures to ensure the quality and performance
of its products and suppliers, a significant quality or product issue, whether due to design, performance, manufacturing or supplier
quality issue, could lead to scrapping of raw materials, finished goods or returned products, the deterioration in a customer relationship,
or other action that could adversely affect costs, future sales and profitability. 

We
recently opened a satellite facility in Allentown, PA and if we are unable to successfully integrate the facility into our operations,
our manufacturing and business could be adversely impacted. 

We
recently opened a new manufacturing facility in Allentown, PA in December 2021. While we have commenced operations at the facility, we
continue to staff and equip the facility. We will need to hire additional personnel to staff and maintain this facility with the technical
qualifications to do so. Labor is subject to external factors that are beyond our control, including our industry s competitive
market for skilled workers, cost, inflation and workforce participation rates. There is also increased risk that we will fail to maintain
our culture as we seek to maintain our culture at the new facility. The failure to successfully integrate the new facility with our business
could seriously harm our business and prospects. In addition, ramping up production at the new facility is necessarily time intensive,
costly and inefficient. If we are unable to successfully ramp up and continue to operate our new facility, our business and results of
operations may be adversely affected. 

A
shortage of availability or an increase in the cost of raw materials and other resources may adversely impact our ability to manufacture
our products at cost effective prices and thus may negatively impact profit margins. 

Our
results of operations may be materially adversely impacted by difficulties in obtaining raw materials, supplies, power, labor and any
other items needed for the production of our products, as well as by the effects of quality deviations in raw materials and the
effects of significant fluctuations in the prices. Many of these materials and components are produced by a limited number of suppliers
and their availability to us may be constrained by supplier capacity. In 2021, pandemic-related issues created port congestion and
intermittent supplier shutdowns and delays, resulting in additional expenses and increasing prices of raw materials generally. 
Any material disruption to our raw materials and other resources could materially adversely affect our financial results. Profit
margins will be materially and adversely impacted if we are not able to reduce our costs of production, introduce technological innovations,
or pass through cost increases to customers. 

7 

Our
success is dependent on the performance of our management and the cooperation, performance and retention
 of our executive officers and key employees. 

Our
business and operations are substantially dependent on the performance of our senior management team and executive officers. If our management
team is unable to perform it may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. We do not maintain key person 
life insurance on any of our executive officers. The loss of one or several key employees could seriously harm our business. Any reorganization
or reduction in the size of our employee base could harm our ability to attract and retain other valuable employees critical to the success
of our business. 

If
we lose key personnel or fail to integrate replacement personnel successfully, our ability to manage our business could be impaired. 

Our
future success depends upon the continued service of our key management, technical, sales, finance, and other critical personnel. We
cannot assure you that we will be able to retain them. The loss of any key employee could result in significant disruptions to our operations,
including adversely affecting the timeliness of product releases, the successful implementation and completion of Company initiatives,
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting, and the results of our
operations. In addition, hiring, training, and successfully integrating replacement sales and other personnel could be time consuming,
may cause additional disruptions to our operations, and may be unsuccessful, which could negatively impact future revenues. 

We
are a small business that competes globally in a competitive industry that is highly fragmented. 

The
market for connectors and interconnect devices, domestic and worldwide, is highly fragmented as a result of the manufacture by many companies
of a multitude of different types and varieties of connectors and interconnects. The Company has been servicing a niche in the market
by manufacturing connectors containing HYPERBOLOID contact designs in the printed wiring board style of connectors. The connector and
interconnect device industry is competitive and fragmented and includes numerous small organizations capable of competing in
the markets we target. Although large companies tend to not compete directly with us due to the customized and small batch nature of
our business, large companies compete in adjacent industries and possess substantially greater financial and other resources than we
do. Larger competitors greater resources could allow those competitors to compete more effectively than we can. Our competitors
have successfully built their names in the industry in which we compete. These various competitors may be able to offer products more
competitively priced and more widely available than our offerings, and also have greater resources to acquire members and suppliers than
us. Failure to compete in the industry in which we operate would adversely affect our results of operations, and thus you may lose your
entire investment. 

Our
results of operations and financial condition have been and may in the future be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Occurrences
of epidemics or pandemics, depending on their scale, may cause different degrees of disruption to the regional, state and local economies
in which we offer our products. The COVID-19 pandemic caused changes in customer behavior, as well as economic disruptions. Although
consumer activity has improved since the start of the pandemic and government restrictions have been lifted in the United States, recovery
varies globally and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and its effects continue to evolve. Supply chain issues, inflationary pressures, the
emergence of new variants and the reinstatement and subsequent lifting of restrictions and health and safety related measures in response
to the emergence of new variants have contributed in the past to the volatility of ongoing recovery. We are unable to predict the future
path or impact of any global or regional COVID-19 resurgences, including existing or future variants, or other public health crises.
The reinstatement and subsequent lifting of these measures may occur periodically, which could adversely affect our business, operations
and financial condition, as well as the business, operations and financial conditions of our customers and suppliers. 

8 

Accounting
Related Risks and Other Factors: 

Management identified material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting. Such weaknesses may lead to additional risks and uncertainties, including stockholder or other actions,
loss of investor confidence and negative impacts on our stock price. Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal control over
financial reporting could result in our failure to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for evaluating and reporting on the effectiveness
of our system of internal control. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. As a public company, we are required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other rules that govern public companies.
In particular, we are required to certify our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires us to furnish annually
a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management performed an assessment
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2022 and concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was not effective as of March 31, 2022, as c ertain of the Company s controls associated with reconciliations
of inventory, cost of products sold and income taxes, as well as for the calculation of stock-based compensation awards, were not operating
effectively . Further, t he Company has not established an effective control environment due
to the ineffective design and implementation of Information Technology General Controls ITGC ). The Company s ITGC
deficiencies included improperly designed controls pertaining to change management and user access rights over systems that are critical
to the Company s system of financial reporting. We have taken and continue to take remedial
steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. For further discussion of the material weakness identified and our remedial
efforts, see Item 9A, Controls and Procedures. 

Management is working to remediate
the identified material weaknesses. Remediation efforts place a significant burden on management and add increased pressure to our financial
resources and processes. We may not be able to fully remediate these material weaknesses until additional steps have been completed and
have been operating effectively for a sufficient period of time. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date and plan
to take will be sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses we identified or avoid the identification of additional material weaknesses
in the future. If we are unable to successfully remediate our existing material weakness or any additional material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting that may be identified in the future in a timely manner, the accuracy and timing of our financial
reporting may be adversely affected our liquidity, our access to capital markets, the perceptions of our creditworthiness and our
ability to complete acquisitions may be adversely affected we may be unable to maintain or regain compliance with applicable securities
laws, applicable listing requirements and other requirements we may be subject to regulatory investigations and penalties 
investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting our reputation may be harmed we may suffer defaults, accelerations
or cross-accelerations under our debt instruments or derivative arrangements to the extent we are unable to obtain additional waivers
from the required creditors or counterparties or are unable to cure any breaches and our stock price may decline. 

Moreover,
because of the inherent limitations of any control system, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected
and corrected on a timely basis, or at all. If we are unable to provide reliable and timely financial reports in the future, our business
and reputation may be further harmed. Restated financial statements and failures in internal control may also cause us to fail to meet
reporting obligations, negatively affect investor and customer confidence in our management and the accuracy of our financial statements
and disclosures, result in events of default under our banking agreements, or result in adverse publicity and concerns from investors
and customers, any of which could have a negative effect on the price of our common stock, subject us to regulatory investigations and
penalties or additional stockholder litigation, and have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. 

Efforts
to comply with the applicable provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act will involve significant expenditures, and non-compliance
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may adversely affect us and the market price of our common stock. 

Under
current SEC rules, we are required to report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. We will be required to review on an annual basis our internal control over financial reporting, and on a quarterly and annual basis
to evaluate and disclose changes in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we expect to incur additional expenses
in the near term that may negatively impact our financial performance. This process also will result in a diversion of management s
time and attention. We cannot be certain as to the timing of completion of our evaluation, testing and remediation actions or the impact
of the same on our operations, and we may not be able to ensure that the process is effective or that our internal control over financial
reporting is or will be effective in a timely manner. In the event that we are unable to maintain or achieve compliance with the applicable
provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related rules, we and the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected. 

9 

We
identified certain misstatements to our previously issued financial statements and have restated the financial statements described below,
which has exposed us to a number of additional risks and uncertainties. 

As discussed in the Explanatory
Note, Note 2 and Note 15 of our Financial Statements, we restated our previously issued audited financial statements for the year
ended March 31, 2020 and its interim financial statements for the quarterly periods ended September 27, 2019 and December 31, 2019. In
connection with the Company s migration to the new accounting system, including the reconciliation of the old and new systems and
preparation of its year end accounting, management discovered that inventory balances previously reported as of September 27, 2019, December
31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, were misstated. 

As
a result of the misstatements and the restatement, we have become subject to a number of additional risks and uncertainties and unanticipated
costs for accounting, legal and other fees and expenses, including risks of lawsuits. Any actions, lawsuits or other legal proceedings
related to the misstatements or the restatement could result in reputational harm, additional defense and other costs, regardless of
the outcome of the lawsuit or proceeding. In addition, we continue to be at risk for loss of investor confidence, loss of key employees,
changes in management or our board of directors and other reputational issues, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial position and results of operations. 

The
restatement of our financial statements described above has diverted, and our ongoing efforts to remediate our internal control may continue
to divert, management from the operation of our business. The absence of timely and accurate financial information has hindered and may
in the future hinder our ability to effectively manage our business. 

The
Board of Directors, members of management, and our accounting and other staff have spent significant time on the restatement and remediation
and will continue to spend significant time on remediation of internal control over our financial reporting. These resources have been,
and will likely continue to be, diverted from the strategic and day-to-day management of our business and may have an adverse effect
on our ability to accomplish our strategic objectives. 

We
may face litigation and regulatory action relating to the restatement of our financial statements. 

We
cannot ensure that litigation or other claims by shareholders will not be brought in the future arising out of the restatement of our
financial statements. We may also be subject to further examinations, investigations, proceedings and orders by regulatory authorities,
including a cease and desist order, suspension of trading of our securities, delisting of our securities and/or the assessment of possible
civil monetary penalties. Any such further actions could be expensive and damaging to our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

We
have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant expenses related to the restatement and remediation of deficiencies in our
internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, and any resulting litigation. 

We
have devoted and expect to continue to devote substantial internal and external resources towards remediation efforts relating to the
restatement of our financial statements, the management review process and other efforts to implement effective internal controls. Because
of these efforts, we have incurred and expect that we will continue to incur significant fees and expenses for legal, accounting, financial
and other consulting and professional services, as well as the implementation and maintenance of systems and processes that will need
to be updated, supplemented or replaced. As described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have taken a number of steps in order to
strengthen our accounting function so as to allow us to be able to provide timely and accurate financial reporting. However, we cannot
assure you that these steps will be successful. To the extent these steps are not successful, we could be required to incur significant
additional time and expense. The expenses we are incurring in this regard, as well as the substantial time devoted by our management
towards identifying and addressing the internal control deficiencies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

10 

RISKS
RELATED TO THE COMPANY S EFFORTS TO BECOME CURRENT IN ITS PERIODIC REPORTING AND BEING A PUBLIC COMPANY 

As a result of the Company s late periodic filings,
the SEC instituted an administrative proceeding pursuant to Section 12(j) of the Exchange Act to determine whether it is appropriate to
suspend for up to twelve months or revoke the registration of the Company s common stock. Although we have filed an answer to the
Order, conducted a prehearing conference with the SEC s staff, and filed an Opposition Brief to the SEC Division of Enforcement s
Motion for Summary Disposition, the ultimate outcome of the administrative proceeding may be adverse to the Company, and may result in
the suspension or revocation of the registration of our common stock. 

 The Company is currently delinquent in its periodic reporting
obligations and as a result the SEC instituted administrative proceedings on August 17, 2022 (the Order pursuant to Section 12(j)
of the Exchange Act to suspend or revoke the registration of our common stock. On October 3, 2022, we filed an answer to the Order and
on October 13, 2022, we conducted a prehearing conference with SEC staff in the Division of Enforcement. On March 1, 2023 the SEC s
Division of Enforcement filed a Motion for Summary Disposition, on March 15, 2023, IEH filed an opposition brief to the SEC Division of
Enforcement s Motion for Summary Disposition, and on March 29, 2023, the SEC s Division of Enforcement filed a Reply in Support
of its Motion for Summary Disposition. The Commission will issue a decision on the basis of the record in the proceeding. The Company
cannot at this time predict the timing of a decision by the Commission or the outcome of such decision. Although the Company continues
to make progress towards completion of its periodic reports and intends to vigorously defend against the allegations in the Order to avoid
possible suspension or revocation of the registration of its common stock, if the SEC issues a final order to suspend or revoke the registration
of the Company s common stock, brokers, dealers and other market participants would be prohibited from buying, selling, making market
in, publishing quotations of, or otherwise effecting transactions with respect to, such common stock until, in the case of suspension,
the lifting of such suspension, or, in the case of a revocation, the Company files a new registration statement with the SEC under the Exchange
Act and that registration statement is declared effective. As a result, public trading of the Company s common stock would
cease and investors would find it extraordinarily difficult to acquire or dispose of the Company s common stock or obtain accurate
price quotations for the Company s common stock, which could result in a significant decline in the value of the Company s
stock. In addition, the Company s business may be adversely impacted, including, without limitation, an adverse impact on the Company s
ability to issue stock to raise equity capital, engage in business combinations or provide employee incentives. 

The
Company faces challenges in producing accurate financial statements and periodic reports as required on a timely basis. 

As
discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we discovered that inventory balances previously reported were misstated as a result of
our migration to a new SAP System of accounting. Ultimately, there were a number of issues with the SAP System, including system design
and implementation issues as well as utilization issues. As a result, the Company has hired a number of third party consultants and additional
personnel and enhanced many aspects of its accounting procedures. Although the Company believes it has discovered and improved all of
the issues that resulted in the misstated financials, the Company is still in the process of assimilating these complex and pervasive
changes and improving utilization, continues to have material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting and, as a result,
cannot assure you that the Company will not experience additional errors or delays with respect to the preparation of its financial statements
and its periodic reports in the future. 

In
addition, as previously noted, the Company has engaged outside consulting firms and other external consultants to assist its finance
organization in completing the preparation of its financial statements, and preparing this Annual Report and other periodic reports.
The Company relies heavily on these third party consultants who assist in the preparation of financial statements, including extracting
financial data from our SAP System, and the timely filing of periodic reports with the SEC. If our third party consultants are unable
to provide the Company with the necessary assistance and financial information in a timely manner, the Company will be unable to file
its periodic reports when due. In addition, replacing these consultants with new employees may result in the loss of important institutional
knowledge or otherwise create transitional issues that could delay the preparation of financial statements and periodic reports. Furthermore,
in 2021 and 2022, we have experienced attrition of employees at the consulting firms on which we rely. If we are unable to rely on our
third party consultants in the future or we do not receive their assistance in a timely manner, we may in the future have delays in reporting
which could adversely affect our business. 

Potential
for future errors in the application of accounting rules and pronouncements. 

The
completion of the audits of our financial statements involved significant review and analyses, including highly technical analyses of
data and business practices and the extraction of data from the SAP System. Given the complexity and scope of this process, and despite
the extensive time, effort and expense that went into it, additional accounting errors may in the future come to light in these or other
areas that may result in future restatements. 

Efforts
by the Company to become current in its periodic reporting obligations have required diversion of management s attention from business
operations, led to concerns on the part of investors about the financial condition of the Company and potential loss of business opportunities
and resulted in the incurrence of substantial expenses. 

Since
discovering the issues with the Company s previously reported financials in connection with the Company s transition to the
SAP System, the Company s management, including its finance and accounting personnel, has devoted and continue to devote substantial
time, effort and resources to its efforts to become current in its periodic reporting obligations, in addition to performing its day-to-day
duties. These efforts and the exigent circumstances have diverted and may continue to divert, management s attention away from
our business. In addition, the delay in the completion of the Company s periodic reports and the financial condition of the Company
have caused concerns on the part of investors and may have resulted in the loss of potential business opportunities or declines in the
value of the Company s common stock. 

11 

In
addition, to assist their respective finance and accounting teams, the Company engaged outside accounting consulting firms and other
external consultants to assist in the preparation of financial statements and periodic reports and has incurred and continues to incur
substantial expenses for their services, in addition to incurring substantial expenses for external legal, tax and other professional
services. 

The
staff of the SEC may review the periodic reports of the Company and may request amendments of financial information or other disclosures. 

Following
its review of periodic reports (including, but not limited to, this Annual Report) filed with the SEC, the staff of the SEC may request
that the Company make additional changes to its reporting of financial information contained in such periodic reports, potentially requiring
amendments to their financial information or other disclosure. 

Any
further amendments to the financial information of the Company, among other things: 

would distract management s attention from our
 business and operations; 

may require the Company to suspend the exercise of options by employees
 until it becomes current again in its periodic reporting obligations under the federal securities laws; 

would result in incurring substantial additional professional
 expenses; 

may adversely affect the Company s reputation,
 credibility with customers and investors and its ability to raise capital; and 

may subject the Company to the risk of additional litigation and regulatory
 investigations and actions. 

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect its ability to attract
and retain qualified board members. 

As a public company listed in the U.S., we are subject to
the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and any rules promulgated thereunder. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently
manage being a public company that is subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities
laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. Operating a public company requires significant attention from
our senior management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could harm our business,
results of operations and financial condition. For example, the requirements of these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial
compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly, and increase demand on our systems and resources. The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls for
financial reporting. In order to maintain and improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting
to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight is required and, as a result, management s attention may be
diverted from other business concerns. The costs of compliance with public company reporting requirements and our potential failure to
satisfy these requirements could have a material adverse effect on our operations, business, financial condition or results of operations. 

In
order to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we may need to hire qualified accounting and financial personnel with appropriate
public company experience. 

As
a public company, we need to establish and maintain effective disclosure and financial controls and make changes in our corporate governance
practices. We may need to hire additional accounting and financial personnel with appropriate public company experience
and technical accounting knowledge, and it may be difficult to recruit and retain such personnel. Even if we are able to hire appropriate
personnel, our existing operating expenses and operations will be impacted by the direct costs of their employment and the indirect consequences
related to the diversion of management resources from research and development efforts. 

12 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

Our
stock price is volatile and could decline; there is currently a limited trading market for our common stock and we cannot predict how
liquid the market might become. 

There
has been a limited trading market for our common stock and we cannot predict how liquid the market for our common stock might become.
On September 28, 2021 our stock began trading in accordance with the OTC Pink Sheet No Information tier. Broker dealer firms are not
able to provide stock quotes for IEH s common stock and transactions are limited to the Expert market. The quotation
of our common stock on the OTC Pink Sheets does not assure that a meaningful, consistent and liquid trading market exists.
The market price for our common stock is subject to volatility and holders of our common stock may be unable to resell their shares at
or near their original purchase price, or at any price. In the absence of an active trading market, investors may have difficulty buying
and selling, or obtaining market quotations for our common stock; market visibility for our common stock may be limited; and a lack of
visibility for our common stock may have a depressive effect on the market for our common stock. While we intend to regain listing on
an actively traded platform, there can be no assurance that we will be successful. 

The price of our common stock has been, and is likely to
continue to be, volatile. For example, our stock price during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 traded as low as 11.95 per share and
as high as 18.25 per share. During the period April 1, 2022 through June16, 2023, our stock price traded as low as 5.75 per share and
as high as 12.45 per share. Fluctuations may be exaggerated since the trading volume is and would likely be volatile, limited, and
sporadic. These fluctuations may or may not be based upon any business or operating results. We cannot assure you that your investment
in our common stock will not decline. 

Except
for a single dividend declared and paid in 2017, we have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future.
Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

Except
for a single dividend declared and paid in 2017, we have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate doing so
in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings, financial condition and other business
and economic factors affecting us at such time as our board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends, our common
stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. 

The
Offerman family has substantial influence over our management and policies, and their interests may conflict with ours or yours in the
future. 

Gail
Offerman and Dave Offerman, our Chief Executive Officer, (the Offerman Investors beneficially own approximately 47 of
our common stock as of June 22, 2023, and will generally vote together as a single class on matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders.
As a result, the Offerman Investors may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially
in a manner that you do not support, including the election and removal of directors and the approval of any merger, consolidation or
sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, the ownership of such stockholders could preclude any unsolicited acquisition
of us, and consequently, adversely affect the price of our common stock. In addition, the Offerman Investors and their affiliates exercise
significant influence over the operations of our Company because the Company has been a business led by the Offerman family for generations.
These stockholders may make decisions that are adverse to your interests. 

We
have reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies, which could result in our common stock
being less attractive to investors . 

We
have a public float of less than 250 million and therefore qualify as a smaller reporting company under the rules of the SEC. As a smaller
reporting company, we are able to take advantage of reduced disclosure requirements, such as simplified executive compensation disclosures,
exemption from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that our independent registered public accounting
firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and reduced financial statement
disclosure requirements in our SEC filings. Decreased disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status as a smaller reporting company
may make it harder for our investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects. We cannot predict if investors will
find our common stock less attractive due to our reliance on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be volatile. 

There
are risks related to the implementation of our perpetual accounting system. 

We
have been engaged in a multi-year process of conforming the majority of our operations onto a new perpetual accounting system, SAP s
Business One system along with an add-on, Beas Manufacturing, to replace its legacy periodic accounting system with the purpose of improving
our financial reporting. We have identified the errors that led to the restatement of previously reported financials, any significant
deficiency in the design and implementation of the SAP System could negatively impact our financial data and may result in inaccurate
financials or delays in our periodic reports with the SEC, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

13 

Risks
Related to General Economic Conditions and Other Factors: 

Changes
in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions, U.S. trade policies and other factors beyond the Company s control may
adversely impact our business and operating results. 

The
Company s operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. The
United States has from time to time experienced challenging economic conditions, including in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic,
and the global financial markets have recently undergone and may continue to experience significant volatility and disruption. Our business,
financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by changes in consumer confidence, levels of unemployment, inflation,
interest rates, tax rates and general uncertainty regarding the overall future economic environment. A recession or slowdown
in the economy may cause a decline in demand for our products and have a negative impact on our business. 

We
are also impacted by changes in trade policy. In recent years, there has been discussion and dialogue regarding potential significant
changes to U.S. trade policies, legislation, treaties and tariffs. Changes to current policies by the U.S. or other governments could
affect our business, including potentially through increased import tariffs and other influences on U.S. trade relations with other countries.
The imposition of additional tariffs or other trade barriers could increase our costs in certain markets, and may cause our customers
to find alternative sourcing. In addition, other countries may change their own policies on business and foreign investment in companies
in their respective countries. Additionally, it is possible that U.S. policy changes and uncertainty about such changes could increase
market volatility and currency exchange rate fluctuations. Market volatility and currency exchange rate fluctuations could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. As a result of these dynamics, we cannot predict
the impact to our business of any future changes to the U.S. s trading relationships. 

A
number of other economic and geopolitical factors both in the United States and abroad could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, such as: 

a
 global or regional economic slowdown in any of the Company s market segments; 

postponement
 of spending, in response to tighter credit, financial market volatility and other factors; 

effects
 of significant changes in economic, monetary and fiscal policies in the United States and
 abroad including significant income tax changes, currency fluctuations and inflationary pressures; 

rapid
 material escalation of the cost of regulatory compliance and litigation; 

changes
 in government policies and regulations affecting the Company or its significant customers
 or suppliers; 

employment
 regulations and local labor conditions, including increases in employment costs; 

industrial
 policies in various countries that favor domestic industries over multinationals or that
 restrict foreign companies altogether; 

longer
 payment cycles; and 

credit
 risks and other challenges in collecting accounts receivable. 

The
global nature of our operations exposes us to numerous risks that could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations. 

We
serve customers in the United States and abroad, with a sales presence in over 40 countries. Sales outside of the United States are subject
to various risks that may not be present or as significant for our U.S. operations. Economic uncertainty in some of the geographic regions
in which we sell our products could result in the disruption of commerce and negatively impact cash flows from our operations in those
areas. Risks inherent in our international operations include, among others: 

COVID-19-related
 closures and other pandemic-related uncertainties in the countries in which we operate; 

Import
 and export regulations that could erode profit margins or restrict exports; 

Foreign
 exchange controls and tax rates; 

Foreign
 currency exchange rate fluctuations, including devaluations; 

14 

Changes
 in regional and local economic conditions, including local inflationary pressures; 

Difficulty
 of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign legal systems; 

Variations
 in protection of intellectual property and other legal rights; 

Inability
 or regulatory limitations on our ability to move goods across borders; 

Changes
 in laws and regulations, including the laws and policies of the United States affecting trade,
 tariffs and foreign investment; 

Restrictive
 governmental actions such as those on transfer or repatriation of funds and trade protection
 matters, including antidumping duties, tariffs, trade wars, embargoes and prohibitions or
 restrictions on acquisitions or joint ventures; 

Unsettled
 political conditions and possible terrorist attacks against U.S. or other interests; and 

Political
 tensions and armed conflict, such as the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine. 

If
we are unable to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks, it could have a material and adverse effect on our business,
our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
are the primary source for various commercial and aerospace applications in China. There is always a risk of being second sourced by
domestic manufacturers, and trade tensions or nationalizing supply chains adversely impacting our business. 

Sales
to customers located outside the U.S. accounted for approximately 23.8 , 23.3 and 18.4 of our revenue in fiscal years ended March 31,
2022, March 31, 2021, and March 31, 2020, respectively. Of these amounts, approximately 68.2 , 85.8 , and 47.0 were attributable to sales to
customers located in China in fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021, and March 31, 2020, respectively. We expect that
revenue from international sales to China will continue to be a significant part of our total revenue. Any weakness in
the Chinese economy could result in a decrease in demand for consumer products that contain our products, which could materially and
adversely affect our business. In addition, there is a risk that manufacturers in China may compete with us and replace us. The imposition
by the U.S. of tariffs on goods imported from China, countermeasures imposed by China in response, U.S. export restrictions on sales of
products to China and other government actions that restrict or otherwise adversely affect our ability to sell our products
to Chinese customers may have a material impact on our business. In addition, we may be subject to rules and regulations of the PRC or
the jurisdiction of other governmental agencies in the PRC that may adversely affect our rights and obligations. In the event of a dispute,
we will likely be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of foreign courts. 

Fluctuations
in exchange rates could adversely affect our business and the value of our securities. 

The
value of our securities will be indirectly affected by the foreign exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and RMB and between those currencies
and other currencies in which our sales may be denominated. Appreciation or depreciation in the value of the RMB relative to the U.S.
dollar would affect our financial results reported in U.S. dollar terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business
or results of operations. 

To
date, we have not entered into any hedging transactions. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future, the availability
and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited, and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition,
our foreign currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into
foreign currencies. As a result, fluctuations in exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on your investment. 

15 

If
relations between the U.S. and China worsen, our business could be adversely affected by the trade war and investors may be unwilling
to hold or buy our stock and our stock price may decrease. 

At
various times during recent years, the U.S. and China have had significant disagreements over political and economic issues. Controversies
may arise in the future between these two countries. Any political or trade controversies between the U.S. and China, whether or not
directly related to our business, could reduce the price of our common stock. These controversies also could make it more difficult for
us to sell our products to our customers in China. The international trade policies of China and the U.S. could adversely affect our
business, and the imposition of trade sanctions relating to import and export of goods, taxes, tariffs and duties and other charges on
imports from China or exports to China. Due to an increase in tariffs imposed by China on products from U.S., some of our customers might
seek alternatives, which could have negative impact on our sales as we mainly sell our own products to customers in China. In order to
avoid these new tariffs, the market has shifted towards an uncertain era including sourcing from other countries. Our sales during this
stage may also be negatively impacted by this shift in behavior. 

Changes
in defense expenditures may reduce the Company s sales. 

Approximately
59.1 , 60.8 , and 59.5 of the Company s net revenues for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021, and March 31,
2020, respectively, came from sales to the military market. The Company participates in a broad spectrum of defense programs. Accordingly,
the Company s sales are affected by changes in the defense budgets and policies of the U.S. government. A significant decline in
U.S. government defense expenditures could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of
operations. U.S. government expenditures are also subject to political and budgetary fluctuations and constraints, which may result in
significant unexpected changes in levels of demand for our products. 

We
may be adversely affected by natural disasters, pandemics and other catastrophic events and by man-made problems such as terrorism that
could disrupt our business operations, and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious
disaster. 

Our
business operations are located in Brooklyn, New York and Allentown, PA. If a disaster, power outage, computer hacking, or other
event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our facilities, that damaged critical infrastructure, such
as enterprise financial systems, IT systems, manufacturing resource planning or enterprise quality systems, or that otherwise disrupted
operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. As
an example, the New York City area was significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and, due to safety considerations for our employees
and government restrictions, including stay-at-home orders, certain of our employees worked from home for an extended period of time.
In addition, our suppliers facilities are located in locations susceptible to natural disasters or similar events, such as tornadoes,
fires, explosions or large-scale accidents or power outages, or IT threats, pandemic, acts of terrorism and other geo-political unrest,
which could severely disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results
and prospects. All of the aforementioned risks may be further increased if we do not implement a disaster recovery plan or our partners 
or manufacturers disaster recovery plans prove to be inadequate. To the extent that any of the above should result in delays in
the manufacture or distribution of our products, our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects would suffer. 

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures, cyber-attacks or a deficiency in our cyber-security. 

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our contractors and consultants are vulnerable to
damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. The
risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign
governments, and cyber-terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions
from around the world have increased. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a
material disruption of our development programs and our business operations. 

16 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments: 

None 

Item 2. Properties: 

The
Company s lease term for its manufacturing facility located at 140 58 th Street, Suite 8E, Brooklyn, New York ran from
December 1, 2010 through November 30, 2020. The lease was renewed on December 1, 2020, the Company entered into a renewed 120 month lease
agreement for the building in Brooklyn, NY. The lease is approximately 20,400 square feet of space, of which it estimates 6,000 square
feet are used as executive, sales and administrative offices and 14,400 square feet are used for its manufacturing, testing and plating
operations. The basic minimum annual rental remaining on this lease is 2,579,892 as of March 31, 2022. 

The
Company entered into a new lease on January 29, 2021 for a building at 200 Cascade Drive, Bldg. 2, Suite H Allentown, PA 18109 running
through March 30, 2028. The lease is approximately 50,400 square feet of space. The basic minimum annual rental remaining on this lease
is 1,470,804 as of March 31, 2022. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings: 

There
are no legal proceedings that have occurred within the past year concerning our directors, or control persons which involved a criminal
conviction, a criminal proceeding, an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one s participation in the securities or banking
industries, or a finding of securities or commodities law violations. 

On August 17, 2022, the SEC issued an Order Instituting Administrative
Proceedings and Notice of Hearing pursuant to Section 12(j) of the Exchange Act. The stated purpose of the administrative proceeding
is for the Commission to determine whether it is necessary and appropriate for the protection of investors to suspend for a period not
exceeding twelve months, or revoke the registration of each class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act
of the Company. The Company filed an Answer in the proceeding on October 3, 2022 and on October 13, 2022 we conducted a prehearing conference
with SEC staff in the Division of Enforcement. On March 1, 2023 the SEC s Division of Enforcement filed a Motion for Summary Disposition,
on March 15, 2023, IEH filed an opposition brief to the SEC Division of Enforcement s Motion for Summary Disposition, and on March
29, 2023, the SEC s Division of Enforcement filed a Reply in Support of its Motion for Summary Disposition. The Commission will
issue a decision on the basis of the record in the proceeding. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures: 

Not
applicable 

17 

IEH
CORPORATION 

PART
II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities: 

Principal
Market: 

Beginning
on September 28, 2021, as a result of the SEC s amendments to Exchange Act Rule 15c2-11 which requires listed companies to be current
in their SEC periodic reports or provide alternative information, trading in the Company s shares of common stock is in accordance
with the OTC Pink Sheet No Information tier and transactions are limited to the Expert market. As a result, broker dealer
firms are not able to provide stock quotes for the Company s common stock. Persons who hold our common stock or wish to purchase
our common stock will have to contact their brokers directly in order to buy or sell shares. Prior to September 28, 2021, on March 22,
2019, the Company s shares of common stock (the common stock commenced trading exclusively on the OTCQX Marketplace.
Prior to March 22, 2019, the common stock was traded exclusively on the OTCQB Marketplace commencing on March 17, 2017. The shares are
quoted under the ticker symbol IEHC . Investors are able to view real-time quotes at http://www.otcmarkets.com. Because
we are quoted on the OTC Pink Sheet, our common stock may be less liquid, receive less coverage by security analysts and news
media, and generate lower prices than might otherwise be obtained if it were listed on a national securities exchange. 

Market
Information: 

The
range of high and low bid prices for the Company s common stock, for the periods indicated as set forth below as reported by the
OTC Markets. Set forth below is a table indicating the high and low bid prices of the common stock during the periods indicated. These
prices represent quotations between dealers without adjustment for retail mark-up, markdown or commission and may not represent actual
transactions. 

High
 Bid 
 Low
 Bid 
 
 Fiscal Year ended March 31, 2020 

April 1, 2019 June 28,
 2019 
 19.90 
 15.95 
 
 June 29, 2019 September 27, 2019 
 25.00 
 17.20 
 
 September 28, 2019 December 31, 2019 
 24.97 
 19.50 
 
 January 1, 2020 March 31, 2020 
 23.00 
 11.69 

Fiscal Year ended March 31, 2021 

April 1, 2020 June 30, 2020 
 22.00 
 12.00 
 
 July 1, 2020 September 30, 2020 
 19.20 
 15.25 
 
 October 1, 2020 December 31, 2020 
 17.30 
 12.71 
 
 January 1, 2021 March 31, 2021 
 20.92 
 15.80 

Fiscal Year ended March 31, 2022 

April 1, 2021 June 30, 2021 
 18.25 
 14.99 
 
 July 1, 2021 September 30, 2021 
 16.50 
 12.00 
 
 October 1, 2021 December 31, 2021 
 12.75 
 11.95 
 
 January 1, 2022 March 31, 2022 
 12.50 
 12.00 

Holders: 

The number of record holders of the Company s common
stock as of June 13, 2023 was 194. Such number of record owners was determined from the Company s shareholder records, and does
not include the beneficial owners of the Company s common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security holders,
dealers and clearing agencies. 

Dividends:

Except
for a single cash dividend declared and paid in 2017, we have never declared or paid a regular, quarterly cash dividend on our Common
Stock, and we do not expect to pay any regular, quarterly cash dividend on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Payment of future
dividends, if any, on our Common Stock will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors after taking into account various factors,
including our financial condition, operating results, anticipated cash needs, and plans for expansion. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities: 

None. 

18 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Not
Applicable. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: 

Statements
contained in this report, which are not historical facts, may be considered forward-looking information with respect to plans, projections,
or future performance of the Company as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements
are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. The words anticipate, 
 believe , estimate , expect, objective, and think or similar expressions
used herein are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are based on the Company s current
views and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that include, among other things, the effects of the Company s business,
actions of competitors, changes in laws and regulations, including accounting standards, employee relations, customer demand, prices
of purchased raw material and parts, domestic economic conditions, including housing starts and changes in consumer disposable income,
and foreign economic conditions, including currency rate fluctuations. Some or all of the facts are beyond the Company s control. 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related footnotes included
elsewhere in this report, which provide additional information concerning the Company s financial activities and condition. 

The
Company designs, develops and manufactures printed circuit board connectors and custom interconnects for high performance applications. 

Overview
of Business: 

All
of our connectors utilize the HYPERBOLOID contact design, a rugged, high-reliability contact system ideally suited for high-stress environments.
We believe we are the only independent producer of HYPERBOLOID printed circuit board connectors in the United States. 

Our
customers consist of OEMs (Original Equipment Manufacturers) and distributors who resell our products to OEMs. We sell our products directly
and through 22 independent sales representatives and distributors located in all regions of the United States, Canada, the European Union,
Southeast Asia, Central Asia and the Middle East. 

The
customers we service are in the Military, Aerospace, Space, Medical, Oil and Gas, Industrial, Test Equipment and Commercial Electronics
markets. We appear on the Military Qualified Product Listing QPL MIL-DTL-55302 and supply customer requested modifications
to this specification. For the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022, approximately 59.1 of our sales were for defense applications, 14.7 
for commercial aerospace, and the remainder in commercial space launch, medical, oil and gas and industrial markets. For the fiscal year
ending March 31, 2021, approximately 60.8 of our sales were for defense applications, 21.4 for commercial aerospace, and the remainder
in commercial space launch, medical, oil and gas and industrial markets. For the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, approximately 59.5 
of our sales were for defense applications, 22.7 for commercial aerospace, and the remainder in commercial space launch, medical, oil
and gas and industrial markets. Our offering of QPL items has recently been expanded to include additional products. 

We
are exposed to and impacted by macroeconomic factors and U.S., state and local government policies. Current general economic conditions
are uncertain, resulting in market volatility and decreased consumer confidence. We have adopted particular measures to protect our employees
at our manufacturing operations in Brooklyn, New York, and Allentown, PA, and we expect to execute on our contracts through carefully
designed arrangements. 

Coronavirus
(COVID-19): 

Impact
of the COVID-19 Pandemic 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains and shipping, created significant volatility
and disruption in financial markets and resulted in weakened economic conditions. While as part of efforts to contain the spread of COVID-19,
federal, state, local and foreign governments imposed various restrictions on the conduct of business and travel during 2020 and 2021,
most of these restrictions have been lifted, except in China where many remain in place. Because of these restrictions, the Company continued
to experience softened demand for its products generally, and in China, during fiscal 2022. 

Worldwide
Supply Chain Disruptions 

Worldwide
supply chain disruptions, which were initially brought about by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, have persisted despite the recovery
in the global economy and financial markets. The Company has experienced longer lead times for raw materials and has experienced raw
material cost increases compared to prior fiscal years. These and other issues resulting from worldwide supply chain disruptions have
recently improved but are expected to continue to some degree in fiscal 2023 and could continue to have a material adverse effect on
the Company s business, operating results and financial condition. The precise financial impact and duration, however, cannot be
reasonably estimated at this time. 

19 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates: 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP)
requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements
and accompanying notes. Future events and their effects cannot be determined with absolute certainty. Therefore, the determination of
estimates requires the exercise of judgment. Actual results inevitably will differ from those estimates, and such differences may be
material to the financial statements. The most significant accounting estimates inherent in the preparation of our financial statements
include estimates associated with revenue recognition, valuation of inventories, accounting for income taxes and stock-based compensation
expense. 

Our
financial position, results of operations and cash flows are impacted by the accounting policies we have adopted. In order to get a full
understanding of our financial statements, one must have a clear understanding of the accounting policies employed. A summary of our
critical accounting policies is presented within the footnotes in the financial statements presented within this Annual Report. 

Revenue
Recognition 

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers that, as amended
on August 12, 2015, became effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company has adopted the provisions
of ASC 606 as of March 30, 2019, using the modified retrospective transition method. However, such adoption did not have any effect on
the way in which the Company recognizes, records and reports revenues. Management determined that there was no cumulative effect adjustment
to the financial statements and the adoption of the standard did not require any adjustments to the financial statements for prior periods.
Under the guidance of the standard, revenue represents the amount received or receivable for goods and services supplied by the Company
to its customers. The Company recognizes revenue at the time a good or service is transferred to a customer and the customer obtains
control of that good or receives the service performed. Most of the Company s sales arrangements with customers are short-term
in nature involving single performance obligations related to the delivery of goods and generally provide for transfer of control at
the time of shipment to the customer. 

The
Company does not offer any discounts, credits or other sales incentives. Historically, the Company believes that it has no collection
issues with its customer base. The Company s policy with respect to customer returns and allowances as well as product warranty
is as follows: 

The
Company may accept a return of defective product within one year from shipment for repair or replacement at the Company s option.
If the product is repairable, the Company at its own cost, will repair and return it to the customer. If unrepairable, the Company will
replace the defective product with a new item. The cost of defective products is immaterial at this time. Billing terms vary by customer
and product but generally do not exceed 30 days. 

The
Company provides engineering services as part of the relationship with its customers in developing the custom product. The Company is
not obligated to provide such engineering service to its customers. The Company does not invoice its customers separately for these services. 

The
Company records a liability when receiving cash in advance of delivering goods or services to the customer. This liability is reversed
against the receivable recognized when those goods or services are delivered. The company recorded deposits from customers of 97,885,
 38,661, and 245,960, as of March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, respectively. 

Valuation
of Inventories 

Raw
materials and supplies are stated at the average cost on a first-in first-out basis which does not exceed net realizable value. Finished
goods and work in process are valued at the lower of actual cost, determined on a specific identification basis, or the net realizable
value of each Product. The Company estimates which materials may be obsolete and which products in work in process or finished goods
may be sold at less than cost, and adjusts their inventory value accordingly. Future periods could include either income or expense items
if estimates change and for differences between the estimated and actual amount realized from the sale of inventory. 

Accounting
for Income Taxes 

The
Company records a liability for potential tax assessments based on its estimate of the potential exposure. Due to the subjectivity and
complex nature of the underlying issues, actual payments or assessments may differ from estimates. Income tax expense in future periods
could be adjusted for the difference between actual payments and the Company s recorded liability based on its assessments and
estimates. 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense 

Stock-based compensation expense recognized in the statement of operations
is based on options ultimately expected to vest, reduced by the amount of estimated forfeitures. We chose the straight-line method of
allocating compensation cost over the requisite service period of the related award in accordance with the authoritative guidance. The
expected term of options granted to employees is calculated using the simplified method, which represents the average of the contractual
term of the option and the weighted-average vesting period of the option, which, for options granted in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, resulted
in an expected term of approximately five years. We used our historical volatility to estimate expected volatility in fiscal 2022, 2021
and 2020. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yields in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding to
the expected life of the options. The dividend yield is 0 based on the fact that we have no present intention to pay dividends. Determining
some of these assumptions requires significant judgment and changes to these assumptions could result in a significant change to the calculation
of stock-based compensation in future periods. 

20 

Results
of Operations: 

Annual
Results of Operations 

Comparison
of the Years Ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021: 

The
following table summarizes our results of operations for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021: 

Fiscal
 Years Ended 
 Period-to- 

March
 31, 
 2022 
 March
 31, 
 2021 
 Period 

 Change 

Revenue 
 24,265,589 
 34,715,195 
 (10,449,606 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of
 products sold 
 19,328,249 
 24,436,692 
 (5,108,443 
 
 Selling,
 general and administrative 
 5,039,072 
 6,903,330 
 (1,864,258 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 837,201 
 790,250 
 46,951 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 25,204,522 
 32,130,272 
 (6,925,750 
 
 Operating
 (loss) income 
 (938,933 
 2,584,923 
 (3,523,856 
 
 Other income
 (expense): 

Other income
 (a) 
 2,214,030 
 65,197 
 2,148,833 
 
 Interest
 income (expense), net 
 391 
 (15,443 
 15,834 
 
 Total
 other income (expense), net 
 2,214,421 
 49,754 
 2,164,667 

Income before benefit from
 (provision for) income taxes 
 1,275,488 
 2,634,677 
 (1,359,189 
 
 Benefit
 from (provision for) income taxes 
 162,646 
 (606,755 
 769,401 
 
 Net income 
 1,438,134 
 2,027,922 
 (589,788 

(a) For the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2022, other income consists of 2,103,885 of debt forgiveness income from the forgiveness of the PPP Loan (See Note
8 PPP Loan and Note). 

Revenue
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 was 24,265,589 reflecting a decrease of 10,449,606, or 30.1 , as compared to 34,715,195 for
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. The decrease in revenues for fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 was primarily due to
a decrease of 7,124,539 and 4,006,899 in our military and commercial aerospace revenues, respectively, as explained below. 

The
level of demand for our products generally lags a year or more behind major drivers of demand in the aerospace industry. Our revenues
were negatively impacted by unprecedented reductions in demand in commercial aerospace due to two major factors. First, the worldwide
grounding, principally during the year 2020, of the Boeing 737-Max jet following two crashes had a severe negative impact on demand for
parts that we supply in support of that aircraft. Shortly thereafter, COVID-19 effectively grounded aircraft worldwide as air travel
declined by approximately 90 in a matter of weeks. The commercial aerospace industry is still just recovering from this historic decline. 

Our
military revenues tend to track with geopolitical events, as well as defense priorities from one administration to the next. Accordingly,
revenues for the years ending 2020 and 2021 were uncharacteristically high as demand for several military programs in which we were involved
peaked at the same time. 

Cost
of products sold for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 was 19,328,249 reflecting a decrease of 5,108,443, or 20.9 , as compared
to 24,436,692 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. The decrease was principally attributable to the 30.1 decrease in revenue and
variations in margins earned on different product platforms. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 was 5,039,072, reflecting a decrease of 1,864,258, or
27.0 , as compared to 6,903,330 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in stock-based
compensation expense of 1,312,743, a decrease in sales commission expenses of 397,485, a decrease in COVID-19 related charges of 243,514,
offset by an increase in accounting fees of 318,442. 

Depreciation
and amortization for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 was 837,201 reflecting an increase of 46,951, or 5.9 , as compared to 790,250
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. The increase was principally attributable to an increase in capitalized leasehold improvements
related to our new Pennsylvania facility. 

Total
other income (expense) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 was income of 2,214,421, reflecting an increase of 2,164,667, as compared
to income of 49,754 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to the gain on the forgiveness
of the PPP loan of 2,103,885 in the first quarter of the fiscal year 2022. 

Benefit
from (provision for) income taxes for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 was a benefit of 162,646, as compared to a provision of 606,755
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. The change was primarily attributable to a lower effective income tax rate in fiscal year ended
March 31, 2022, on account of the effect of the 2,103,885 gain on forgiveness of debt, which was not subject to income tax. The effective
tax rates for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 were (12.7) and 22.9 , respectively. 

21 

Comparison
of the Years Ended March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020 (As Restated): 

The
following table summarizes our results of operations for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020: 

Fiscal
 Years Ended 

As
 Restated 
 Period-to- 

March
 31, 2021 
 March
 31, 2020 
 Period Change 

Revenue 
 34,715,195 
 32,154,549 
 2,560,646 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of products sold 
 24,436,692 
 23,775,372 
 661,320 
 
 Selling, general and
 administrative 
 6,903,330 
 6,007,241 
 896,089 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 790,250 
 955,124 
 (164,874 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 32,130,272 
 30,737,737 
 1,392,535 
 
 Operating
 income 
 2,584,923 
 1,416,812 
 1,168,111 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Other income 
 65,197 
 - 
 65,197 
 
 Interest income (expense),
 net 
 (15,443 
 (44,875 
 29,432 
 
 Total other income (expense),
 net 
 49,754 
 (44,875 
 94,629 

Income before provision for income taxes 
 2,634,677 
 1,371,937 
 1,262,740 
 
 Provision for income
 taxes 
 (606,755 
 (50,875 
 (555,880 
 
 Net income 
 2,027,922 
 1,321,062 
 706,860 

Revenue for
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 was 34,715,195, reflecting an increase of 2,560,646, or 8.0 , as compared to 32,154,549 for the
fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. This increase was principally attributable to the strength of our military business based on the increase
in government spending on military infrastructure. 

Cost of products
sold for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 was 24,436,692, reflecting an increase of 661,320, or 2.8 , as compared to 23,775,372
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to the 8.0 increase in revenue, offset by the effect
of changes in product mix. 

Selling, general
and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 was 6,903,330, reflecting an increase of 896,089, or 14.9 , as
compared to 6,007,241 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in salaries,
wages and other related benefits of 351,762, an increase in stock-based compensation expense of 274,615 and an increase in COVID-19
related charges of 181,392. 

Depreciation
and amortization for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 was 790,250 reflecting a decrease of 164,874, or 17.3 , as compared to 955,124
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily attributable to equipment reaching the end of its useful life during
the period. 

Total other
income (expense) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 was income of 49,754, reflecting an increase of 94,629, as compared to expense
of 44,875 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. The increase was a result of the recognition of other income of 65,197, offset
by interest expense of 17,380 related to the PPP loan. 

The provision
for income taxes for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 was 606,755, reflecting an increase of 555,880 as compared to 50,875 for
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to a lower effective income tax rate in the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2020 due principally to favorable tax deductions in 2020 attributable to certain exercises of stock options. The effective
tax rates for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 were 22.9 and 3.8 , respectively. 

22 

Interim
Period Results of Operations 

This
Annual Report includes summary financial information for the three-months ended June 30, 2021, June 30, 2020 and June 28, 2019, the three
and six-months ended September 30, 2021, September 30, 2020 and September 27, 2019, and the three and nine-months ended December 31,
2021, December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019. The following is a summary of the results of operations of the Company during each of
those periods. 

Three,
Six and Nine Months Periods of 2022 compared to 2021: 

Three-months
ended June 30, 2021 compared to three-months ended June 30, 2020 

Three-Months
 Ended 
 Period-to- 

June
 30, 
 2021 
 June
 30, 
 2020 
 Period Change 

Revenue 
 6,510,577 
 8,265,086 
 (1,754,509 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of products sold 
 4,739,742 
 5,736,255 
 (996,513 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 1,284,106 
 1,786,532 
 (502,426 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 175,916 
 146,130 
 29,786 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 6,199,764 
 7,668,917 
 (1,469,153 
 
 Operating income 
 310,813 
 596,169 
 (285,356 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Other income (a) 
 2,130,606 
 27,897 
 2,102,709 
 
 Interest income (expense),
 net 
 73 
 (8,973 
 9,046 
 
 Total other income (expense),
 net 
 2,130,679 
 18,924 
 2,111,755 

Income before provision for income taxes 
 2,441,492 
 615,093 
 1,826,399 
 
 Provision for income
 taxes 
 (97,904 
 (140,856 
 42,952 
 
 Net income 
 2,343,588 
 474,237 
 1,869,351 

(a) For
 the three months ended June 30, 2022, other income consists of 2,103,885 of debt forgiveness
 income from the forgiveness of the PPP Loan (See Note 8 PPP Loan and Note). 

Revenue
for the three months ended June 30, 2021 was 6,510,577, reflecting a decrease of 1,754,509, or 21.2 , as compared to 8,265,086 for
the three months ended June 30, 2020. Our revenues were negatively impacted by unprecedented reductions in demand in commercial aerospace
due to two major factors. First, the worldwide grounding of the Boeing 737-Max jet following two crashes had a severe negative impact
on demand for parts that we supply in support of that aircraft. Shortly thereafter, COVID-19 effectively grounded aircraft worldwide
as air travel declined by approximately 90 in a matter of weeks. The commercial aerospace industry is still just recovering from this
historic decline. 

Cost
of products sold for the three months ended June 30, 2021 was 4,739,742, reflecting a decrease of 996,513, or 17.4 as compared to
 5,736,255 for the three months ended June 30, 2020. The decrease was principally attributable to the 21.2 decrease in revenue. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2021 was 1,284,106, reflecting a decrease of 502,426, or 28.1 ,
as compared to 1,786,532 for the three months ended June 30, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in COVID-19 related
charges of 236,573 and a decrease in commission expense of 130,902. 

Depreciation
and amortization for the three months ended June 30, 2021 was 175,916, reflecting an increase of 29,786, or 20.4 , as compared to 146,130
for the three months ended June 30, 2020. The increase was principally attributable to capitalized leasehold improvements in our new
Pennsylvania facility. 

Total
other income (expense) for the three months ended June 30, 2021 was income of 2,130,679, reflecting an increase of 2,111,755, as compared
to income of 18,924 for the three months ended June 30, 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to the gain on the forgiveness
of the PPP loan of 2,103,885. 

23 

Provision
for income taxes for the three months ended June 30, 2021 was 97,904, reflecting a decrease of 42,952 as compared to 140,856 for the
three months ended June 30, 2020. The decrease was primarily attributable to a lower effective income tax rate for the three months ended
June 30, 2021, on account of the effect of the 2,103,885 gain on forgiveness of debt, which was not subject to income tax. 

Three-months
ended September 30, 2021 compared to Three-months ended September 30, 2020 

Three-Months
 Ended 
 Period-to- 

September
 30, 
 2021 
 September
 30, 
 2020 
 Period 
Change 

Revenue 
 6,561,872 
 9,538,479 
 (2,976,607 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of products sold 
 5,563,554 
 5,816,176 
 (252,622 
 
 Selling, general and
 administrative 
 1,180,275 
 1,659,188 
 (478,913 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 181,149 
 245,483 
 (64,334 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 6,924,978 
 7,720,847 
 (795,869 
 
 Operating
 (loss) income 
 (363,106 
 1,817,632 
 (2,180,738 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Other income 
 50,839 
 23 
 50,816 
 
 Interest
 income (expense), net 
 126 
 (5,791 
 5,917 
 
 Total
 other income (expense), net 
 50,965 
 (5,768 
 56,733 

(Loss) income before (provision for) benefit
 from income taxes 
 (312,141 
 1,811,864 
 (2,124,005 
 
 Benefit from (provision
 for) income taxes 
 69,914 
 (414,916 
 484,830 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (242,227 
 1,396,948 
 (1,639,175 

Revenue
for the three months ended September 30, 2021 was 6,561,872, reflecting a decrease of 2,976,607, or 31.2 , as compared to 9,538,479
for the three months ended September 30, 2020. Our revenues were negatively impacted by unprecedented reductions in demand in commercial
aerospace due to two major factors. First, the worldwide grounding of the Boeing 737-Max jet following two crashes had a severe negative
impact on demand for parts that we supply in support of that aircraft. Shortly thereafter, COVID-19 effectively grounded aircraft worldwide
as air travel declined by approximately 90 in a matter of weeks. The commercial aerospace industry is still just recovering from this
historic decline. 

Cost
of products sold for the three months ended September 30, 2021 was 5,563,554, reflecting a decrease of 252,622, or 4.3 , as compared
to 5,816,176 for the three months ended September 30, 2020. The decrease was principally attributable to the 31.2 decrease in revenue,
offset by increases in manufacturing costs associated with scaling back operations to align with reductions in customer demand. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2021 was 1,180,275, reflecting a decrease of 478,913,
or 28.9 , as compared to 1,659,188 for the three months ended September 30, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in commission
expenses of 181,953 and a decrease in stock-based compensation expense of 139,372. 

Depreciation
and amortization for the three months ended September 30, 2021 was 181,149, reflecting a decrease of 64,334, or 26.2 , as compared
to 245,483 for the three months ended September 30, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to equipment reaching the end of its useful
life. 

Total
other income (expense) for the three months ended September 30, 2021 was income of 50,965, reflecting an increase of 56,733, as compared
to an expense of 5,768 for the three months ended September 30, 2020. The change was primarily attributable to other income of 50,839. 

Benefit
from (provision for) income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2021 was a benefit of 69,914, as compared to a provision
of 414,916 for the three months ended September 30, 2020. The change was primarily attributable to a decrease in income before income
taxes. 

24 

Six-months
ended September 30, 2021 compared to six-months ended September 30, 2020 

Six-Months
 Ended 
 Period-to- 

September
 30, 2021 
 September
 30, 2020 
 Period Change 

Revenue 
 13,072,449 
 17,803,565 
 (4,731,116 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of products sold 
 10,303,296 
 11,552,431 
 (1,249,135 
 
 Selling, general and
 administrative 
 2,464,381 
 3,445,720 
 (981,339 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 357,065 
 391,613 
 (34,548 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 13,124,742 
 15,389,764 
 (2,265,022 
 
 Operating
 (loss) income 
 (52,293 
 2,413,801 
 (2,466,094 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Other
 income (a) 
 2,181,445 
 27,920 
 2,153,525 
 
 Interest
 income (expense), net 
 199 
 (14,764 
 14,963 
 
 Total
 other income (expense), net 
 2,181,644 
 13,156 
 2,168,488 

Income before provision for income taxes 
 2,129,351 
 2,426,957 
 (297,606 
 
 Provision for income
 taxes 
 (27,990 
 (555,772 
 527,782 
 
 Net income 
 2,101,361 
 1,871,185 
 230,176 

(a) For
 the six months ended September 30, 2022, other income consists of 2,103,885 of debt forgiveness
 income from the forgiveness of the PPP Loan (See Note 8 PPP Loan and Note). 

Revenue
for the six months ended September 30, 2021 was 13,072,449, reflecting a decrease of 4,731,116, or 26.6 , as compared to 17,803,565
for the six months ended September 30, 2020. Our revenues were negatively impacted by unprecedented reductions in demand in commercial
aerospace due to two major factors. First, the worldwide grounding of the Boeing 737-Max jet following two crashes had a severe negative
impact on demand for parts that we supply in support of that aircraft. Shortly thereafter, COVID-19 effectively grounded aircraft worldwide
as air travel declined by approximately 90 in a matter of weeks. The commercial aerospace industry is still just recovering from this
historic decline. 

Cost
of products sold for the six months ended September 30, 2021 was 10,303,296, reflecting a decrease of 1,249,135, or 10.8 , as compared
to 11,552,431 for the six months ended September 30, 2020. The decrease was principally attributable to the 26.6 decrease in revenue,
offset by increases in manufacturing costs associated with scaling back operations to align with reductions in customer demand. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the six months ended September 30, 2021 was 2,464,381, reflecting a decrease of 981,339 or
28.5 , as compared to 3,445,720 for the six months ended September 30, 2020. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in
commission expenses of 312,855, a decrease in COVID-19 related charges of 237,043 and a decrease in stock-based compensation expense
of 211,943. 

Depreciation
and amortization for the six months ended September 30, 2021 was 357,065, reflecting a decrease of 34,548, or 8.8 , as compared to
 391,613 for the six months ended September 30, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to equipment reaching the end of its useful life. 

Total
other income (expense) for the six months ended September 30, 2021 was income of 2,181,644, reflecting an increase of 2,168,488, as
compared to income of 13,156 for the six months ended September 30, 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to the gain on the
forgiveness of the PPP loan of 2,103,885 in the first quarter of the fiscal year 2022. 

Provision
for income taxes for the six months ended September 30, 2021 was 27,990, reflecting a decrease of 527,782 or 95.0 , as compared to
 555,772 for the six months ended September 30, 2020. The decrease was primarily attributable to a lower effective income tax rate in
fiscal year ended 2022, as the debt forgiveness of the PPP loan was not subject to income tax 

25 

Three-months
ended December 31, 2021 compared to three-months ended December 31, 2020 

Three-Months
 Ended 
 Period-to- 

December
 31, 
 2021 
 December
 31, 
 2020 
 Period 
Change 

Revenue 
 5,814,132 
 8,397,523 
 (2,583,391 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of products sold 
 4,546,524 
 4,683,903 
 (137,379 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 1,320,001 
 2,193,989 
 (873,988 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 226,338 
 204,300 
 22,038 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 6,092,863 
 7,082,192 
 (989,329 
 
 Operating (loss) income 
 (278,731 
 1,315,331 
 (1,594,062 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Other income 
 14,516 
 28,324 
 (13,808 
 
 Interest income (expense),
 net 
 69 
 144 
 (75 
 
 Total other income (expense),
 net 
 14,585 
 28,468 
 (13,883 

(Loss) income before benefit from (provision
 for) income taxes 
 (264,146 
 1,343,799 
 (1,607,945 
 
 Benefit from (provision
 for) income taxes 
 59,164 
 (307,800 
 366,964 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (204,982 
 1,035,999 
 (1,240,981 

Revenue
for the three months ended December 31, 2021 was 5,814,132, reflecting a decrease of 2,583,391, or 30.8 , as compared to 8,397,523
for the three months ended December 31, 2020. Our revenues were negatively impacted by unprecedented reductions in demand in commercial
aerospace due to two major factors. First, the worldwide grounding of the Boeing 737-Max jet following two crashes had a severe negative
impact on demand for parts that we supply in support of that aircraft. Shortly thereafter, COVID-19 effectively grounded aircraft worldwide
as air travel declined by approximately 90 in a matter of weeks. The commercial aerospace industry is still just recovering from this
historic decline. 

Cost
of products sold for the three months ended December 31, 2021 was 4,546,524, reflecting a decrease of 137,379, or 2.9 , as compared
to 4,683,903 for the three months ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was principally attributable to the 30.8 decrease in revenue,
offset by increases in manufacturing costs associated with scaling back operations to align with reductions in customer demand. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the three months ended December 31, 2021 was 1,320,001, reflecting a decrease of 873,988, or
39.8 , as compared to 2,193,989 for the three months ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease
in stock-based compensation expense of 959,904, offset by an increase in professional service fees of 83,316 and an increase in salaries
and other related benefits of 46,253. 

Depreciation
and amortization for the three months ended December 31, 2021 was 226,338, reflecting an increase of 22,038, or 10.8 , as compared
to 204,300 for the three months ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to capitalized leasehold improvements
in our new Pennsylvania facility. 

Total
other income (expense) for the three months ended December 31, 2021 was income 14,585, reflecting a decrease of 13,883, or 48.8 , as
compared to income of 28,468 for the three months ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in
other income of 13,808. 

Benefit
from (provision for) income taxes for the three months ended December 31, 2021 was a benefit of 59,164, as compared to a provision of
 307,800 for the three months ended December 31, 2020. The change was primarily attributable to a decrease in income before income taxes. 

26 

Nine-months
ended December 31, 2021 compared to nine-months ended December 31, 2020 

Nine-Months
 Ended 
 Period-to- 

December
 31, 
 2021 
 December
 31, 
 2020 
 Period 
Change 

Revenue 
 18,886,581 
 26,201,088 
 (7,314,507 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of products sold 
 14,849,820 
 16,236,334 
 (1,386,514 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 3,784,382 
 5,639,709 
 (1,855,327 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 583,403 
 595,913 
 (12,510 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 19,217,605 
 22,471,956 
 (3,254,351 
 
 Operating (loss) income 
 (331,024 
 3,729,132 
 (4,060,156 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Other income (a) 
 2,195,961 
 56,244 
 2,139,717 
 
 Interest income (expense),
 net 
 268 
 (14,620 
 14,888 
 
 Total other income (expense),
 net 
 2,196,229 
 41,624 
 2,154,605 

Income before benefit from (provision for)
 income taxes 
 1,865,205 
 3,770,756 
 (1,905,551 
 
 Benefit from (provision
 for) income taxes 
 31,174 
 (863,572 
 894,746 
 
 Net income 
 1,896,379 
 2,907,184 
 (1,010,805 

(a) For
 the nine months ended December 30, 2022, other income consists of 2,103,885 of debt forgiveness
 income from the forgiveness of the PPP Loan (See Note 8 PPP Loan and Note). 

Revenue
for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 was 18,886,581, reflecting a decrease of 7,314,507, or 27.9 , as compared to 26,201,088
for the nine months ended December 31, 2020. Our revenues were negatively impacted by unprecedented reductions in demand in commercial
aerospace due to two major factors. First, the worldwide grounding of the Boeing 737-Max jet following two crashes had a severe negative
impact on demand for parts that we supply in support of that aircraft. Shortly thereafter, COVID-19 effectively grounded aircraft worldwide
as air travel declined by approximately 90 in a matter of weeks. The commercial aerospace industry is still just recovering from this
historic decline. 

Cost
of products sold for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 was 14,849,820, reflecting a decrease of 1,386,514, or 8.5 , as compared
to 16,236,334 for the nine months ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was principally attributable to the 27.9 decrease in revenue,
offset by increases in manufacturing costs associated with scaling back operations to align with reductions in customer demand. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 was 3,784,382, reflecting a decrease of 1,855,327,
or 32.9 , as compared to 5,639,709 for the nine months ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease
in stock-based compensation expense of 1,171,838 and a decrease in COVID-19 related charges of 242,540. 

Depreciation
and amortization for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 was 583,403, reflecting a decrease of 12,510, or 2.1 , as compared to
 595,913 for the nine months ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily attributable to equipment reaching the end of its useful
life. 

Total
other income (expense) for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 was income of 2,196,229, reflecting an increase of 2,154,605, as
compared to income of 41,624 for the nine months ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to the gain on the
forgiveness of the PPP loan of 2,103,885 in the first quarter of the fiscal year 2022. 

Benefit
from (provision for) the nine months ended December 31, 2021 was a benefit of 31,174, as compared to a provision of 863,572 for the
nine months ended December 31, 2020. The change was primarily attributable to a lower effective income tax rate in fiscal year ended
2022, as the debt forgiveness of the PPP loan was not subject to income tax, as well as a lower income before income taxes. 

27 

Three,
Six and Nine Months Periods of Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2021 compared to periods within the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2020 (As Restated):

Three-months
ended June 30, 2020 compared to three-months ended June 28, 2019 

Three-Months
 Ended 
 Period-to- 

June
 30, 
 2020 
 June
 28, 
 2019 
 Period 
Change 

Revenue 
 8,265,086 
 7,567,398 
 697,688 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of products sold 
 5,736,255 
 4,820,944 
 915,311 
 
 Selling, general and
 administrative 
 1,786,532 
 1,113,833 
 672,699 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 146,130 
 236,620 
 (90,490 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 7,668,917 
 6,171,397 
 1,497,520 
 
 Operating
 income 
 596,169 
 1,396,001 
 (799,832 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Other income 
 27,897 
 8,898 
 18,999 
 
 Interest
 income (expense), net 
 (8,973 
 (13,927 
 4,954 
 
 Total
 other income (expense), net 
 18,924 
 (5,029 
 23,953 

Income before provision for income taxes 
 615,093 
 1,390,972 
 (775,879 
 
 Provision for income
 taxes 
 (140,856 
 (481,439 
 340,583 
 
 Net income 
 474,237 
 909,533 
 (435,296 

Revenue
for the three months ended June 30, 2020 was 8,265,086, reflecting an increase of 697,688, or 9.2 , as compared to 7,567,398 for the
three months ended June 28, 2019. The increase was primarily a result of the Company s efforts in increasing sales in the military
sector, driven by demands for military spending for national security. 

Cost
of products sold for the three months ended June 30, 2020 was 5,736,255, reflecting an increase of 915,311, or 19 , as compared to
 4,820,944 for the three months ended June 28, 2019. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in revenue and increases
in production costs compensation and materials. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2020 was 1,786,532, reflecting an increase of 672,699, or 60.4 ,
as compared to 1,113,833 for the three months ended June 28, 2019. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in stock-based
compensation expense of 263,600 and an increase in COVID-19 related charges of 236,573, offset by a decrease in travel and entertainments
expenses of 85,467. 

Depreciation
and amortization for the three months ended June 30, 2020 was 146,130, reflecting a decrease of 90,490 or 38.2 , as compared to 236,620
for the three months ended June 28, 2019. The decrease was primarily attributable to equipment reaching the end of its useful life. 

Total
other income (expense) for the three months ended June 30, 2020 was income 18,924, reflecting an increase of 23,953, as compared to
expense of 5,029 for the three months ended June 28, 2019. The increase is primarily attributable to other income of 27,897, offset
by interest expense of 9,602 related to the PPP loan. 

Provision
for income taxes for the three months ended June 30, 2020 was 140,856, reflecting an decreased of 340,583 as compared to 481,439 for
the three months ended June 28, 2019. The decrease was primarily attributable to a lower level of income before income taxes in the three
months ended June 30, 2020, as compared to the prior period. 

28 

Three-months
ended September 30, 2020 compared to three-months ended September 27, 2019 (As Restated) 

Three-Months
 Ended 

As
 Restated 
 Period-to- 

September
 30, 
 2020 
 September
 27, 
 2019 
 Period 
Change 

Revenue 
 9,538,479 
 7,551,384 
 1,987,095 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of products sold 
 5,816,176 
 7,197,810 
 (1,381,634 
 
 Selling, general and
 administrative 
 1,659,188 
 2,116,610 
 (457,422 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 245,483 
 223,333 
 22,150 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 7,720,847 
 9,537,753 
 (1,816,906 
 
 Operating
 income (loss) 
 1,817,632 
 (1,986,369 
 3,804,001 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Other income (expense) 
 23 
 7,976 
 (7,953 
 
 Interest
 income (expense), net 
 (5,791 
 (19,816 
 14,025 
 
 Total
 other income (expense), net 
 (5,768 
 (11,840 
 6,072 

Income (loss) before (provision for) benefit
 from income taxes 
 1,811,864 
 (1,998,209 
 3,810,073 
 
 (Provision for) benefit
 from income taxes 
 (414,916 
 781,898 
 (1,196,814 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 1,396,948 
 (1,216,311 
 2,613,259 

Revenue
for the three months ended September 30, 2020 was 9,538,479, reflecting an increase of 1,987,095, or 26.3 , as compared to 7,551,384
for the three months ended September 27, 2019. The increase was primarily a result of the Company s efforts in increasing sales
in the military sector, driven by demands for military spending for national security. 

Cost
of products sold for the three months ended September 30, 2020 was 5,816,176, reflecting a decrease of 1,381,634, or 19.2 , as compared
to 7,197,810 for the three months ended September 27, 2019. The decrease was primarily attributable to lower production costs and true-up
adjustments to inventory in connection with the Company s transition to its new enterprise reporting system. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2020 was 1,659,188, reflecting a decrease of 457,422,
or 21.6 , as compared to 2,116,610 for the three months ended September 27, 2019. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease
in stock-based compensation expense of 748,144, offset by an increase in commission expenses of 109,009, an increase in professional
service fees of 74,940 and an increase in salaries, wages and related benefits of 39,471. 

Depreciation
and amortization for the three months ended September 30, 2020 was 245,483, reflecting an increase of 22,150, or 9.9 , as compared
to 223,333 for the three months ended September 27, 2019. The increase was primarily attributable to depreciation of additional machinery
and equipment purchased. 

Total
other income (expense) for the three months ended September 30, 2020 was an expense of 5,768, reflecting an increase of 6,072, or 51.3 ,
as compared to expense of 11,840 for the three months ended September 27, 2019. 

The
(provision for) benefit from income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2020 was a provision of 414,916, as compared a benefit
of 781,898 for the three months ended September 27, 2019. The change was primarily attributable to a lower income before income tax
in the 2019 period, as compared to the 2020 period. 

29 

Six-months
ended September 30, 2020 compared to six-months ended September 27, 2019 (As Restated) 

Six-Months
 Ended 

As
 Restated 
 Period-to- 

September 30,
 
 2020 
 September 27,
 
 2019 
 Period 
Change 

Revenue 
 17,803,565 
 15,118,782 
 2,684,783 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of products sold 
 11,552,431 
 12,018,754 
 (466,323 
 
 Selling, general and
 administrative 
 3,445,720 
 3,230,443 
 215,277 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 391,613 
 459,953 
 (68,340 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 15,389,764 
 15,709,150 
 (319,386 
 
 Operating
 income 
 2,413,801 
 (590,368 
 3,004,169 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Other income (expense) 
 27,920 
 16,874 
 11,046 
 
 Interest
 income (expense), net 
 (14,764 
 (33,743 
 18,979 
 
 Total
 other income (expense), net 
 13,156 
 (16,869 
 30,025 

Income (loss) before (provision for) benefit
 from income taxes 
 2,426,957 
 (607,237 
 3,034,194 
 
 (Provision for) benefit
 from income taxes 
 (555,772 
 300,459 
 (856,231 
 
 Net income 
 1,871,185 
 (306,778 
 2,177,963 

Revenue
for the six months ended September 30, 2020 was 17,803,565, reflecting an increase of 2,684,783, or 17.8 , as compared to 15,118,782
for the six months ended September 27, 2019. The increase was primarily a result of the Company s efforts in increasing sales in
the military section driven by stronger demand for spending for national security. 

Cost
of products sold for the six months ended September 30, 2020 was 11,552,431, reflecting a decrease of 466,323, or 3.9 , as compared
to 12,018,754 for the six months ended September 27, 2019. The decrease was primarily attributable to decreases in production costs
as a percentage of revenue. 

Selling,
general and administrative for the six months ended September 30, 2020 was 3,445,720, reflecting an increase of 215,277, or 6.7 , as
compared to 3,230,443 for the six months ended September 27, 2019. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in COVID-19
related charges of 237,043, professional service fees of 183,403, commission expenses of 123,344 and salaries, wages and other related
benefits of 121,673, offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation expense of 420,859. 

Depreciation
and amortization for the six months ended September 30, 2020 was 391,613, reflecting a decrease of 68,340 or 14.9 , as compared to
 459,953 for the six months ended September 27, 2019. The decrease was primarily attributable to machinery reaching the end of its useful
life. 

Total
other income (expense) for the six months ended September 30, 2020 was income of 13,156, reflecting an increase of 30,025 as compared
to an expense of 16,869 for the six months ended September 27, 2019. The increase is primarily attributable to other income of 27,907. 

The
(provision for) benefit from income taxes for the six months ended September 30, 2020 was a provision of 555,772, as compared to a benefit
of 300,459 for the six months ended September 27, 2019. The change was primarily attributable to a lower income before income tax in
the 2019 period, as compared to the 2020 period. 

30 

Three-months
ended December 31, 2020 compared to three-months ended December 31, 2019 (As Restated) 

Three-Months
 Ended 

As
 Restated 
 Period-to- 

December 31,
 
 2020 
 December 31,
 
 2019 
 Period 
Change 

Revenue 
 8,397,523 
 8,424,657 
 (27,134 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of products sold 
 4,683,903 
 5,060,882 
 (376,979 
 
 Selling, general and
 administrative 
 2,193,989 
 1,469,197 
 724,792 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 204,300 
 237,764 
 (33,464 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 7,082,192 
 6,767,843 
 314,349 
 
 Operating
 income 
 1,315,331 
 1,656,814 
 (341,483 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Other income (expense) 
 28,324 
 6,025 
 22,299 
 
 Interest
 income (expense), net 
 144 
 (17,263 
 17,407 
 
 Total
 other income (expense), net 
 28,468 
 (11,238 
 39,706 

Income before provision for income taxes 
 1,343,799 
 1,645,576 
 (301,777 
 
 Provision for income
 taxes 
 (307,800 
 (673,491 
 365,691 
 
 Net income 
 1,035,999 
 972,085 
 63,914 

Revenue
for the three months ended December 31, 2020 was 8,397,523 reflecting a decrease of 27,134, or 0.3 , as compared to 8,424,657 for
the three months ended December 31, 2019. 

Cost
of products sold for the three months ended December 31, 2020 was 4,683,903, reflecting a decrease of 376,979, or 7.4 , as compared
to 5,060,882 for the three months ended December 31, 2019. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in production costs. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the three months ended December 31, 2020 was 2,193,989 reflecting an increase of 724,792, or
49.3 , as compared to 1,469,197 for the three months ended December 31, 2019. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase
in stock-based compensation expense of 757,901, offset by a decrease in commission expenses of 58,935. 

Depreciation
and amortization for the three months ended December 31, 2020 was 204,300 reflecting a decrease of 33,464, or 14.1 , as compared to
 237,764 for the three months ended December 31, 2019. The decrease was primarily attributable to equipment reaching the end of its useful
life. 

Total
other income (expense) for the three months ended December 31, 2020 was income of 28,468, reflecting an increase of 39,706, as compared
to expense of 11,238 for the three months ended December 31, 2019. 

The
provision for income taxes for the three months ended December 31, 2020 was 307,800, reflecting a decrease of 365,691 or 54.3 , as
compared to 673,491 for the three months ended December 31, 2019. The decrease was primarily attributable to a lower income tax rate,
net of federal benefit in 2021 compared to 2020. 

31 

Nine-months
ended December 31, 2020 compared to nine-months ended December 31, 2019 (As Restated) 

Nine-Months
 Ended 

As
 Restated 
 Period-to- 

December 31,
 
 2020 
 December 31,
 
 2019 
 Period 
Change 

Revenue 
 26,201,088 
 23,542,266 
 2,658,822 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of products sold 
 16,236,334 
 17,078,463 
 (842,129 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 5,639,709 
 4,699,640 
 940,069 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 595,913 
 697,717 
 (101,804 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 22,471,956 
 22,475,820 
 (3,864 
 
 Operating income 
 3,729,132 
 1,066,446 
 2,662,686 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Other income 
 56,244 
 22,899 
 33,345 
 
 Interest income (expense),
 net 
 (14,620 
 (51,006 
 36,386 
 
 Total other income (expense),
 net 
 41,624 
 (28,107 
 69,731 

Income before provision for income taxes 
 3,770,756 
 1,038,339 
 2,732,417 
 
 Provision for income
 taxes 
 (863,572 
 (373,032 
 (490,540 
 
 Net income 
 2,907,184 
 665,307 
 2,241,877 

Revenue
for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 was 26,201,088, reflecting an increase of 2,658,822, or 11.3 , as compared to 23,542,266
for the nine months ended December 31, 2019. The increase in revenue was primarily a result of the Company s efforts in increasing
sales in the military sector. 

Cost
of products sold for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 was 16,236,334, reflecting a decrease of 842,129, or 4.9 , as compared
to 17,078,463 for the nine months ended December 31, 2019. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in production costs. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 was 5,639,709, reflecting an increase of 940,069, or
20.0 , as compared to 4,699,640 for the nine months ended December 31, 2019. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in
stock-based compensation of 337,042, COVID-19 related charges of 242,540 and an increase in professional services fees of 203,112. 

Depreciation
and amortization for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 was 595,913, reflecting a decrease of 101,804, or 14.6 , as compared to
 697,717 for the nine months ended December 31, 2019. The decrease was attributable to equipment reaching the end of its useful life. 

Total
other income (expense) for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 was income of 41,624, reflecting an increase of 69,731, as compared
to expense of 28,107 for the nine months ended December 31, 2019. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in other income
of 56,244. 

The
provision for income taxes for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 was 863,572, reflecting an increase of 490,540 as compared to
 373,032 for the nine months ended December 31, 2019. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in income before income
tax in the 2020 period, as compared to the 2019 period. 

32 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources: 

Our
primary requirements for liquidity and capital are working capital, inventory, capital expenditures, public company costs and general
corporate needs. We expect these needs to continue as we further develop and grow our business. For the year ended March 31, 2022, our
primary sources of liquidity came from existing cash. Based on our current plans and business conditions, we believe that existing cash,
together with cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated cash requirements, and we are not aware of
any trends or demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that are reasonably likely to result in a decrease in liquidity of our assets.
We may require additional capital to respond to technological advancements, competitive dynamics or technologies, business opportunities,
challenges, acquisitions or unforeseen circumstances and in either the short-term or long-term may determine to engage in equity or debt
financings or enter into credit facilities for other reasons. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory
to us, when we require it, our ability to continue to grow or support our business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly
limited. In particular, rising inflation and interest rates, the 2023 banking crisis and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine have
resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption and volatility in the global financial markets, reducing our ability
to access capital. If we are unable to raise additional funds when or on the terms desired, our business, financial condition and results
of operations could be adversely affected. 

As
of March 31, 2022, our cash balance was 12,675,271. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, we recorded net income of 1,438,134,
which included within other income, a gain in the amount of 2,103,885 for the forgiveness of our PPP Loan. As of March 31, 2022, we
had working capital of 25,508,882. 

Our
principal source of liquidity is cash flows generated by operating activities. 

Cash
Flow Activities for the Years Ended March 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended March 31, 2021 

The
following table summarizes our cash flow activities for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021: 

Fiscal
 Years Ended 
 Period-to- 

March
 31, 
 2022 
 March
 31, 
 2021 
 Period 
Change 

Cash flow provided by (used in) 

Operating activities 
 1,414,493 
 4,839,738 
 (3,425,245 
 
 Investing activities 
 (2,646,764 
 (759,914 
 (1,886,850 
 
 Financing activities 
 - 
 2,067,661 
 (2,067,661 
 
 (Decrease) increase in
 cash and cash equivalents 
 (1,232,271 
 6,147,485 
 (7,379,756 

Net
cash provided by operating activities was 1,414,493 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, a decrease of 3,425,245, as compared
to 4,839,738 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the
decrease in net income (as adjusted for the non-cash gain on forgiveness of debt), the increases inventories and the corporate income
taxes receivable, offset principally by increases in accounts receivable. 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 2,646,764 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, an increase of 1,886,850, as compared to
a use of 759,914 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. The increase in cash used in investing activities was due principally to
costs incurred for the buildout of our new Pennsylvania location. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 0 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 compared to net cash provided by financing activities
of 2,067,661 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. The net cash provided by financing activities for the fiscal year ended March
31, 2021 was principally attributable to the proceeds from our PPP Loan. 

33 

Cash
Flow Activities for the Years Ended March 31, 2021 Compared to the Year Ended March 31, 2020 (As Restated) 

The
following table summarizes our cash flow activities for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020: 

Fiscal
 Years Ended 

As
 Restated 
 Period-to- 

March
 31, 
 2021 
 March
 31, 
 2020 
 Period 
Change 

Cash flow provided by (used in) 

Operating activities 
 4,839,738 
 1,683,413 
 3,156,325 
 
 Investing activities 
 (759,914 
 (969,400 
 209,486 
 
 Financing activities 
 2,067,661 
 (34,082 
 2,101,743 
 
 Increase in
 cash and cash equivalents 
 6,147,485 
 679,931 
 5,467,554 

Net
cash provided by operating activities was 4,839,739 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, an increase of 3,156,325, as compared
to 1,683,413 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to an
increase in net income, decreases in accounts receivable and the net decrease in corporate income tax payable. 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 759,914 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, a decrease of 209,486, as compared to 969,400
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. The decrease in cash used in investing activities was principally due to reduced investment
in machinery and equipment during the period. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 2,067,661 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, an increase of 2,101,743, as compared
to net used in financing activities of 34,082 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. The increase in cash provided by financing activities
was due principally to proceeds from the PPP loan of 2,103,885 in fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. 

PPP
Loan and Note 

On
April 13, 2020, the Company entered into an unsecured note (the PPP Note evidencing an unsecured loan PPP Loan in a principal amount of 2,103,885 pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program PPP under the Coronavirus Aid Relief
and Economic Security Act CARES Act ). The PPP Loan was administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration and the
Company s loan was made through JP Morgan Chase Bank. The PPP Loan bore interest at a fixed interest rate of one (1 percent per
year and had a maturity date two (2) years after the issuance date. Payment of interest was deferred for the first six (6) months. Beginning
on the seventh month following the date of the PPP Note (November 2020), the Company was required to make 18 payments of equal monthly
installments of principal and interest with the final payment due in April 2022. The PPP Note provided for customary events of default
including, among other things, cross-defaults on any other loan with JP Morgan Chase Bank. The proceeds of the PPP Loan were used for
payroll costs, costs related to certain group health care benefits, rent payments, utility payments, mortgage interest payments, interest
payments on other debt obligation that were incurred before February 15, 2020. On April 21, 2021, the Company received notice that the
original PPP loan was forgiven. The Company recorded the forgiveness of the principal balance of 2,103,885 as debt forgiveness income
in the quarter ending June 30, 2021. 

Backlog
of Orders 

The
backlog of orders for the Company s products amounted to approximately 7,909,000 at March 31, 2022 as compared to 13,673,000
at March 31, 2021 and 21,552,000 at March 31, 2020. The orders in backlog at March 31, 2022 are expected to ship over the next twelve
months depending on customer requirements and product availability. 

Inflation 

We
believe that inflation has begun to and is expected to have a material effect on our operations in the immediate future. Management will
continue to monitor inflation and evaluate the possible future effects of inflation on our business and operations. 

34 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
required. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

See
our audited Financial Statements for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 which follows Item 16 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in paragraph (e) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act) designed
to ensure that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified under the rules and forms of the SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
As required by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive
officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer) carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2022. 

We
filed our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended September 27, 2019 and December 31, 2019 and thereafter filed our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. Subsequently, we concluded that these three reports were not to be relied
upon and that the Company intended to file amended filings for such periods. Specifically, we determined that inventory reporting within
such reports included errors. We concluded that the impact of applying corrections for errors in inventory, costs of products sold and
by result, income taxes, for these periods was materially different from our previously reported results. 

Management
has used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), known as COSO, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting. The following material weaknesses have been identified: 

Certain of the Company s controls associated with reconciliations of inventory, cost of products sold and income taxes, as well as for the calculation of stock-based compensation awards, were not operating effectively. These deficiencies, combined with inadequate compensating review controls, resulted in material misstatements, individually in the financial statements and represents a material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

The Company has not established an effective control environment due to the ineffective design and implementation of Information Technology General Controls ITGC ). The Company s ITGC deficiencies included improperly designed controls pertaining to change management and user access rights over systems that are critical to the Company s system of financial reporting. The ITGC deficiencies, combined with a lack of properly designed management review controls to compensate for these deficiencies, represent a material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

As
of March 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal over financial reporting and
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective based upon the identified material weaknesses noted above. 

Management
is actively engaged in the planning for and implementation of remediation efforts to address the identified material weaknesses. The
remediation plan includes (i) the engaging of additional experienced financial resources, (ii) the development and implementation of
enhanced controls designed to evaluate the appropriateness of policies and procedures, (iii) the implementation of review and monitoring
of transactions to ensure compliance with the new policies and procedures, (iv) improvements in the design and implementation of enhanced
monitoring of ITGC controls, and (v) the enhanced training of personnel. 

35 

(b)
Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under
the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, and effected by our Board of Directors, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Internal
control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving their objectives. Internal control over financial reporting
is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgement and breakdowns resulting from human failures.
Due to their inherent limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by
internal control over financial reporting. It is possible to design safeguards to reduce, but not eliminate, this risk. Management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our company.

Mitigation
Steps 

In
order to address the material weaknesses stated above, Management and the Board of Directors undertook the following mitigation steps: 

hiring and/or engagement of additional qualified resources;

the implementation of new controls designed to enhance the monthly and quarterly financial close process; 

the implementation of additional review and monitoring of transactions to ensure compliance with the new policies and procedures; 

the implementation of improvements in the design and implementation of enhanced monitoring of ITGC controls;

the
training of personnel responsible for preparation and review of financial information. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements or fraud. Any control
system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that its objectives will be met. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to SEC rules, which
permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures
or internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all errors or all instances of fraud. A control system, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further,
the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of its inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

(c) Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Except
as described above, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act) identified in connection with the evaluation of our internal controls that occurred during the fiscal quarter
ended March 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
Applicable. 

36 

IEH
CORPORATION 

PART
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Executive
Officers and Directors 

As
of March 31, 2022, the executive officers and directors of the Company are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Office 
 
 Class 

David
 Offerman 
 
 48 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 II 

William
 H. Craig 
 
 66 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Treasurer (through May 17, 2023) (1) 

Allen
 Gottlieb 
 
 81 
 
 Director 
 
 II 

Gerald
 E. Chafetz 
 
 79 
 
 Director

II 

Eric
 C. Hugel 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 I 

Sonia
 Marciano 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 I 

Michael
 E. Rosenfeld 
 
 39 
 
 Director 
 
 I 

(1) Effective
 May 19, 2023, Subrata Purkayastha was appointed to the positions of Interim Chief Financial
 Officer and Treasurer. 

IEH s
Certificate of Incorporation provides that the directors of the Company are to be elected in two (2) classes; each class to be elected
to a staggered two (2) year term and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. The Board of Directors currently consists
of six (6) members divided into two classes with three Class I Members (Mr. Hugel, Ms. Marciano and Mr. Rosenfeld) and three Class II
Members (Mr. David Offerman, Mr. Gottlieb and Mr. Chafetz). All officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

David
Offerman . On March 26, 2017, Mr. Offerman was elected to the positions of Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer.
David succeeded his late father, Michael Offerman, who passed away on March 24, 2017. David Offerman has been a member of IEH s
Board of Directors since July 15, 2016. Prior to March 24, 2017, he was the Vice President Sales and Marketing of the Company.
He joined the Company in September 2004 as the National Sales Manager and was appointed to Vice President Sales and Marketing
in April 2011. Prior to joining IEH, Mr. Offerman worked as an account executive and sales manager in the telecommunication industry. 

Mr.
Offerman graduated from the University of Michigan in 1997 with a Bachelor of Arts in film and communications. In 2016, he received an
MBA from the NYU Stern School of Business with a concentration in leadership and management. We believe Mr. Offerman s expertise
in manufacturing, sales and strategy along with his extensive experience, qualifications, attributes and skills make him well qualified
to serve as a director of our Company. 

37 

William
H. Craig On August 27, 2020, the Company appointed William H. Craig as its new Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. His appointment
became effective on the next business day following the Company filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March
31, 2020 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and upon the official retirement date of the current Chief Financial Officer
and Treasurer, Robert Knoth. From March 2012 to March 2020, Mr. Craig served as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of
Tarantin Industries, Inc., a family owned industrial distributor based in Freehold, NJ with operations in the eastern third of the U.S.
From October 2007 to September 2011, Mr. Craig served as Chief Financial Officer of Fifth Street Capital, Inc., an externally managed
closed end non-diversified Regulated Investment Company operating as a Business Development Company and based in White Plains, NY. From
March 2005 to September 2007, he was the executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Vital Signs, Inc., a medical device
manufacturer based in the United States with global operations. Vital Signs, headquartered in Totowa, NJ, is a NASDAQ listed company
(VITL). From 1999 to 2004, Mr. Craig served as the Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer
of Matheson Tri- Gas, Inc., an industrial specialty gas company with global operations including 20 significant plants in the U.S., nearly
100 retail outlets and production/marketing joint ventures in Europe and Asia. From 1997 to 1999, he served as Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of Empire of Carolina, an AMEX-listed consumer products company. 

On
September 21, 2022, the Company entered into a new employment agreement with Mr. Craig effective as of July 1, 2022 and such agreement
would have expired on June 30, 2027. Mr. Craig resigned his employment with the Company, effective May 17, 2023. 

Subrata
Purkayastha. On May 19, 2022, the Company appointed Subrata Purkayastha as its Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Ms.
Purkayastha appointment became effective on May 19, 2023. Ms. Purkayastha has served as Controller of the Company since November 2021.
Prior to joining the Company, from January 2019 to May 2021, Ms. Purkayastha served as Controller of Sprouts Foods, Inc., a producer
and distributor of premium organic foods intended for babies and toddlers. From July 2017 to January 2019, Ms. Purkayastha served as
Accounting Manager at Sprouts Foods, Inc. where she provided timely and accurate financial reporting to the Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer and private equity partners. Prior to Sprout Foods Inc., from July 2015 to June 2017, Ms. Purkayastha served
as Accounting Manager of Champions Oncology, Inc., a publicly-traded company engaged in the development of advanced technology solution
and services to personalize the development of oncology drug development. Ms. Purkayastha holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from
Carson-Newman University in Jefferson City, Tennessee and also received a Masters in Arts degree with a focus in International Banking
and Finance from Fordham University. Ms. Purkayastha is also a Certified Public Accountant. 

Allen Gottlieb . Mr. Gottlieb has been
a board member since 1992. He has a BS from NYU in Accounting and Finance, and an LL.B. and JD from Brooklyn Law School. He currently
operates his own firm specializing in Labor Relations and Human Resources consulting. He also has extensive entrepreneurial experience
in manufacturing, distribution, logistics, and hospitality, in both domestic and international markets. The company believes that his
broad experience as well as his knowledge of IEH qualifies him to serve as a director of our Company. 

Gerald
Chafetz . Mr. Chafetz has been a member of the Company s Board of Directors since 2009. He is President of GEC Enterprises,
LLC since 2011. GEC Enterprises, LLC is a property management company headquartered in Rockville Centre, New York. He was previously
President of Capitol City Companies. Prior to founding Capitol City Companies, he had an extended 22-year executive career in the textile
industry with several knitwear and high fashion manufacturers, including Arista Knitwear, Berwick Fashion Knitwear and Beged-or Knitwear.
Mr. Chafetz graduated from the University of Hartford in 1965 with a Bachelor of Science degree in business. We believe Mr. Chafetz s
expertise in executive management and manufacturing along with his extensive experience, qualifications, attributes and skills make him
well qualified to serve as a director of our Company. 

Eric C. Hugel, CPA, CFA. Eric C. Hugel has been a
member of IEH s Board of Directors since July 15, 2016. Since May 2023, he has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Americraft
Marine Group LLC, a company with the mission to support and strengthen the U.S. shipbuilding industry and infrastructure. From July 2014
to May 2023, Mr. Hugel served as the Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Hugel Corporation, an online retailer.
From March 2013 to February 2014, Mr. Hugel held the position of Senior Institutional Specialist in U.S. Fundamental Equity Research Analyst
at McGraw Hill Financial S P Capital IQ providing investment advisory services. In particular he provided research and analysis
in the U.S. aerospace and defense and industrial conglomerates sectors. From July 2002 through June 2012 he was a managing director at
Stephens Inc. providing investment research and analytical services in the U.S. aerospace and defenses sectors. Mr. Hugel graduated from
Lehigh University in 1993 with a Bachelor of Science in accounting. We believe Mr. Hugel s expertise in manufacturing in the aerospace
industry and finance along with his extensive experience, qualifications, attributes and skills make him well qualified to serve as a
director of our Company. 

38 

Dr.
Sonia Marciano. Dr. Sonia Marciano has been a member of IEH s Board of Directors since July 15, 2016. She is a clinical professor
at the NYU Stern School of Business since July 2007 where she teaches courses and manages academic programs. She graduated from the University
of Chicago in 1984 with a Bachelor of Arts degree. In 2000, Dr. Marciano received from the University of Chicago her MBA in Economics
and Finance and her PhD in Business Economics. We believe Dr. Marciano s expertise in corporate strategy along with her extensive
experience, qualifications, attributes and skills make her well qualified to serve as a director of our Company. 

Michael
E. Rosenfeld has been a member of the Company s Board of Directors since 2018. He is a co-founder, Principal, and Chief Operating
Officer of Olive Tree Holdings, a mission driven private investment company headquartered in New York City, Atlanta, and Houston specializing
in the acquisition, management and transformation of multifamily communities across dynamically growing markets within the U.S. With
vertically integrated asset management, property management, construction, technology, and marketing services, Olive Tree Holdings devises
360-degree business plans to dramatically increase the value of its invested assets while creating a higher standard of living for its
residents. To date, the firm has a lifetime portfolio value of 2 billion, has acquired and transformed 16,000 units of workforce and
affordable housing across 8 states. From 2013-2016 he was Vice President and Chief of Staff at Bert E. Brodsky Associates, Inc.,
a private investment firm with a diverse portfolio of companies across several industries. Prior to that from 2006-2013, he served as
Vice President of Business Development of Mobile Health Management Services, Inc., a subsidiary of Bert Brodsky Associates, Inc.
Mr. Rosenfeld received his Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from Emory University in 2006, and his Master of Business Administration
(MBA) in Corporate Finance from the New York University Stern School of Business in 2016. We believe Mr. Rosenfeld s expertise
in finance and accounting along with his extensive experience, qualifications, attributes and skills make him well qualified to serve
as a director of our Company. 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors and officers and persons who own, directly or indirectly, more than
10 of a registered class of the Company s common stock, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes
in ownership of our common stock. 

Officers,
directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports that they file.
Based solely on review of the copies of such reports received by the Company, the Company believes that filing requirements applicable
to officers, directors and 10 shareholders were complied with during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 

Director
Independence; Meetings of Directors; Corporate Governance; Committees of the Board 

Our Board of Directors currently consists of six
individuals. Five of our directors are independent as defined in the Marketplace Rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market.
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, our Board of Directors held four meetings, the Audit Committee met informally on two
occasions to discuss the Company s progress in preparing its updated Form 10-K and 10-Qs, and the Compensation Committee held
one meeting. 

During
the fiscal year ended March 29, 2019, our Board of Directors approved the formation of an audit committee and a compensation committee,
and each committee would initially have three (3) members consisting of independent directors. Prior to March 29, 2019, our full Board
of Directors handled audit and compensation matters. The Board nominated the following directors to each such committee: (i) Audit Committee
 Eric Hugel (Chair), Allen Gottlieb and Michael E. Rosenfeld; and (ii) Compensation Committee Gerald Chafetz (Chair),
Michael E. Rosenfeld and Dr. Sonia Marciano. Each of these Board committees has a written charter approved by the Board of Directors.
Each of the charters of these Board committees is available on the Company s website, www.iehcorp.com (click on Investors ,
then on Corporate Governance . 

For
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, a general description of the duties of the committees were as follows: 

Audit
Committee. Our Audit Committee acts to: (i) review with management the finances, financial condition and interim financial statements
of the Company; (ii) review with our independent registered public accounting firm the quarterly and year-end financial statements;
(iii) review implementation with the independent registered public accounting firm and management any action recommended by the
independent registered public accounting firm; and (iv) engage, retain and terminate our independent registered public accounting
firm. Mr. Hugel, the Chair of the Audit Committee was also designated as our Audit Committee Financial Expert. 

During
 the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, all of the members of our Audit Committee were independent 
 within the definition of that term as provided by NASDAQ rules. During the fiscal year ended
 March 31, 2022, the Audit Committee met informally on two occasions to discuss the Company s
 progress in preparing its updated Form 10-Ks and 10-Qs. 

39 

Compensation
Committee. The Compensation Committee acts to: (i) review, approve and administer compensation arrangements for our executive officers;
(ii) administer our equity-based compensation plans, (iii) establish and review general policies relating to the compensation and benefits
of our executive officers and other personnel, (iv) evaluate the relationship between executive officer compensation policies and practices
and corporate risk management to confirm those policies and practices do not incentivize excessive risk-taking, and (iv) evaluate and
makes recommendations to our Board of Directors regarding the compensation of our non-employee directors. During the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2021, the Compensation Committee held one meeting. 

The
Board did not adopt any modifications to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to its Board of Directors. 

Code
of Ethics . The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics, which has been made available on its website https://www.iehcorp.com/ethics-code 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
following table sets forth below the summary compensation paid or accrued by the Company during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022,
March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, respectively, for the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer: 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) (1) 
 Bonus ) (2) 
 Option 
 Awards ) (3) 
 All
 Other Compensation( (4) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 David Offerman 
 2022 
 459,868 
 - 
 - 
 1,731 
 461,599 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President 
 2021 
 437,627 
 75,000 
 - 
 1,519 
 514,146 

2020 
 394,992 
 65,000 
 2,274,858 
 - 
 2,734,850 

William H. Craig (5) 
 2022 
 237,002 
 - 
 - 
 865 
 237,867 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 167,990 
 50,000 
 755,000 
 - 
 972,990 

Robert Knoth (6) 
 2021 
 110,999 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 110,999 
 
 (Former) Chief Financial Officer 
 2020 
 221,998 
 40,000 
 - 
 - 
 261,998 

(1) Amounts reported
 in this column reflect the base salaries earned during the applicable year. 

(2) Amounts reported
 in this column are related to the Cash Bonus Plan that was adopted in 1987. 

(3) Amounts reported
 in this column for fiscal years 2020 and 2021 reflect the aggregate grant date fair value
 of stock options awarded in fiscal years 2020 and 2021, computed in accordance with ASC 718.
 These amounts reflect our calculation of the value of these awards, and do not necessarily
 correspond to the actual value that may ultimately be realized by the NEOs. See Note 12 to
 the Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
 ended March 31, 2022 for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating these
 amounts. 

(4) Amounts reported
 in this column are related to COVID-19 benefit payments. 

(5) Mr. Craig commenced
 employment as the Company s Chief Financial Officer on October 9, 2020. Mr. Craig resigned
 his employment with the Company, effective May 17, 2023. 

(6) Mr. Knoth retired
 as the Company s Chief Financial Officer effective October 9, 2020. 

David
Offerman Employment Agreement 

On
July 29, 2019, IEH entered into an employment agreement with David Offerman, its Chief Executive Officer and President. The employment
agreement with Mr. Offerman is effective as of July 29, 2019 and will expire on December 31, 2024. Under the employment agreement, Mr.
Offerman receives a base salary of 395,000 per annum and is eligible to receive an annual bonus of up to 100 of base salary for each
fiscal year of employment based on performance targets and other key objectives established by the Compensation Committee of the Board
of Directors. 

During
the term of the employment agreement, he is also eligible to receive equity or performance awards pursuant to any long-term incentive
compensation plan adopted by the Compensation Committee. 

In
the event of the termination of Mr. Offerman s employment by us without cause or by him for good reason ,
as such terms are defined in the employment agreement, he would be entitled to: (a) a severance payment of 36 months of base salary;
(b) continued participation in our health and welfare plans for up to 24 months; and (c) all accrued but unpaid compensation. Further,
under the employment agreement, if within the three (3) year period of a change in control (as defined in the employment
agreement) either Mr. Offerman s employment is terminated, or his title, position or responsibilities are materially reduced and
he terminates his employment, the Company shall pay and/or provide to him substantially the same compensation and benefits as if his
termination was without cause or for good reason , subject to limitation to avoid the imposition of the excise
tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code if such payments would constitute
an excess parachute payment as defined in Section 280G of the Code. Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Offerman
is subject to customary confidentiality, non-solicitation of employees and non-competition obligations that survive the termination of
such agreement. 

40 

William
H. Craig Employment Agreement 

On
August 27, 2020, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Craig. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Craig s appointment
as its Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer became effective on the next business day following the Company filing its Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and upon the official retirement
date of the then current Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Robert Knoth Effective Date ). From June 24, 2020 and up
to the Effective Date, Mr. Craig served as a consultant to the Company. Under the initial agreement, Mr. Craig received a base salary
of 225,000 per annum. 

On
September 21, 2022, the Company entered into a new employment agreement with Mr. Craig. The new employment agreement with Mr. Craig was
effective as of July 1, 2022 and will expire on June 30, 2027. Under the new employment agreement, Mr. Craig will continue to serve as
the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of IEH and will receive a base salary of 247,200 per annum and be eligible to receive an annual
bonus for each fiscal year of employment based on performance targets and other key objectives established by the Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors of the Company. During the term of the agreement, Mr. Craig shall also be eligible to receive equity or performance
awards pursuant to any long-term incentive compensation plan adopted by the Committee or the Board of Directors. Mr. Craig may receive
cash bonuses in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors for each fiscal year of employment and based
on performance targets and other key objectives established by the Compensation Committee. The new agreement further provides for the
payment of severance pay and continued participation in health and welfare plans for up to 24 months in the case of termination without
cause or a change of control of the company. Mr. Craig is subject to customary confidentiality and non-compete obligations that survive
the termination of the agreement. Mr. Craig resigned his employment with the Company, effective May 17, 2023. 

Subrata
Purkayastha Employment Agreement 

On
June 1, 2023, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Ms. Purkayastha to serve as the Company s Interim Chief Financial
Officer and Treasurer. 

The
employment agreement with Ms. Purkayastha was effective as of June 1, 2023 and will expire on November 30, 2023. Under the employment
agreement, Ms. Purkayastha will receive a base salary of 200,000 per annum and be eligible to receive a bonus based on performance targets
and other key objectives established by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. The agreement further provides
for the payment of severance pay and continued participation in health and welfare plans for up to 6 months in the case of termination
without cause. Ms. Purkayastha is subject to customary confidentiality and non-compete obligations that survive the termination of the
agreement. 

Cash
Bonus Plan 

In
1987, the Company adopted the Cash Bonus Plan for non-union, management and administration staff. Contributions to the Cash Bonus Plan
are made by the Company only when the Company is profitable for the fiscal year. Accordingly, the Company accrued a contribution provision
of 408,000, 394,000 and 324,000 for the years ended March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, respectively. The accrued bonuses
for the senior leadership team for the year ended March 31, 2022 in the amount of 270,250 have been deferred and not yet paid. 

Stock
Option Plans 

On
August 31, 2011, the Company s shareholders approved the adoption of the Company s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan 2011
Plan to provide for the grant of options to purchase up to 750,000 shares of the Company s common stock to all employees,
consultants and other eligible participants, including senior management. The 2011 Plan terminated on 

August
30, 2021. 

On
November 18, 2020, the Company s shareholders approved the adoption of the Company s 2020 Equity Based Compensation Plan
(the 2020 Plan to provide for the grant of options to purchase up to 750,000 shares of the Company s common stock
to all employees, consultants and other eligible participants, including senior management. The Plan permits the grant of Incentive Stock
Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Units and Performance
Shares. The plan will remain in effect until terminated or abandoned by action of the Board of Directors. 

41 

Options
granted to employees under the 2011 Plan and 2020 Plan may be designated as options which qualify for incentive stock option treatment
under Section 422A of the Internal Revenue Code, or options which do not qualify (non-qualified stock options). Options granted to employees
under the 2011 Plan may be designated as options which qualify for incentive stock option treatment under Section 422A of the Internal
Revenue Code, or option which do not so qualify. 

Under
the 2011 Plan and 2020 Plan, the exercise price of an option designated as an incentive stock option shall not be less than the fair
market value of the Company s common stock on the day the option is granted. In the event an option designated as an incentive
stock option is granted to a ten percent (10 shareholder, such exercise price shall be at least 110 percent (110 of the fair market
value or the Company s common stock and the option must not be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the day of the
grant. 

Exercise
prices of non-incentive stock options may be less than the fair market value of the Company s common stock. The aggregate fair
market value of shares subject to options granted to a participant, which are designated as incentive stock options, and which become
exercisable in any calendar year, shall not exceed 100,000. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards as of March 31, 2022 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding outstanding equity awards granted to our named executive officers that remain
outstanding as of March 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Un-exercisable 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 David Offerman 
 46,217 
 - 
 6.00 
 7/1/2025 

225,000 
 - 
 20.00 
 7/29/2029 
 
 William H. Craig 
 50,000 
 - 
 15.10 
 10/9/2030 

Non-Employee
Director Equity Awards 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding outstanding equity awards granted to our non-employee directors that remain
outstanding as of March 31, 2022. 

Option
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Un-exercisable 
 Option 
 Exercise Price 
 Option 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Allen Gottlieb 
 - 
 - 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Gerald E. Chafetz 
 4,000 
 - 
 6.00 
 7/1/2025 
 
 Eric C. Hugel 
 5,000 
 - 
 5.30 
 8/15/2026 
 
 Sonia Marciano 
 5,000 
 - 
 5.30 
 8/15/2026 
 
 Michael E. Rosenfeld 
 5,000 
 - 
 12.75 
 10/27/2028 

42 

Non-Employee
Director Compensation 

The
following table sets forth the compensation (cash and equity) received by our non-employee directors during the fiscal year ended March
31, 2022. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or 
 Paid in Cash 
 Option 
 Awards 
 Total 
 
 Allen Gottlieb. 
 10,000 
 - 
 10,000 
 
 Gerald E. Chafetz 
 12,500 
 - 
 12,500 
 
 Eric C. Hugel 
 12,500 
 - 
 12,500 
 
 Sonia Marciano. 
 10,000 
 - 
 10,000 
 
 Michael E. Rosenfeld 
 15,000 
 - 
 15,000 

Non-executive
directors will be compensated as follows: 

the
 annual director fee for our non-executive directors will be 5,000, payable quarterly; 

each
 director will receive an annual fee of 5,000 for service on each committee, payable quarterly; 

and
 the chairman of each committee will receive an additional annual fee of 2,500, payable quarterly. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of June 22, 2023 with respect to: (i) the persons (including any group 
as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent
(5 of any class of the Company s voting securities; (ii) each Named Executive Officer and Director who owns common stock in the
Company; and (iii) all Executive Officers and Directors as a group. As of June 22, 2023, there were 2,370,251 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding. The figures stated below are based upon Schedule 13Ds, Schedule 13D/As, Form 3s and Form 4s filed with the SEC
by the named persons. 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding the ownership
of our common stock as of June 22, 2023 by: 

each
 person or entity known by us to be beneficial owners of more than five percent of our common
 stock; 

each
 of our directors; 

each
 of our named executive officers; and 

all
 of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

43 

We
have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Under these rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares
of common stock as to which the individual or entity has sole or shared voting power or investment power. In computing the number of
shares beneficially owned by an individual or entity and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of common stock subject to options
held by such person that are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of June 22, 2023 are considered outstanding,
although these shares are not considered outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o IEH Corporation, 140 58 th Street,
Brooklyn, NY 11220. 

Each
of the stockholders listed has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned by the stockholder unless
noted otherwise, subject to community property laws where applicable. 

Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares 
 Percent of Total 
 
 Greater than 5 Stockholders 

David Offerman (1) 
 676,665 
 26 
 
 Gail Offerman (2) 
 499,606 
 21 
 
 Zeff Capital LP (3) 
 232,862 
 10 
 
 Cove Street Capital, LLC (4) 
 136,349 
 6 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers 

David Offerman (1) 
 676,665 
 26 
 
 Gerald E. Chafetz (5) 
 9,000 

Sonia Marciano (6) 
 10,000 

Allen Gottlieb (7) 
 5,000 

Michael E. Rosenfeld (8) 
 10,000 

Eric Hugel (9) 
 10,000 

William H. Craig (employment ended May 17, 2023) (10) 
 50,000 
 2 
 
 Subrata Purkayastha (appointed as officer on May 19, 2023) (11) 
 10,000 

All executive officers and directors as a group (8 persons) 
 780,665 
 33 

Denotes
 ownership percentage of less than 1 . 

All shares
set forth above are owned directly by the named individual unless otherwise stated. 

(1) Owns vested
 options to purchase 270,217 shares of common stock. 

(2) Based on a Form
 4 dated September 21, 2021 filed by the reporting person. The address of the principal business
 office of each of the reporting persons is 27110 Grand Central Parkway, APT. 10-V, Floral
 Park, NY 11005. 

(3) Based on a Schedule
 13G dated January 4, 2022 filed by the reporting person. The address of the principal business
 office of each of the reporting persons is 400 S. McCadden Pl., Los Angeles, CA 90020. 

(4) Based on a Schedule
 13D dated May 16, 2023 filed by the reporting person. The address of the principal business
 office of each of the reporting persons is 525 South Douglas Street, Suite 225, El Segundo,
 California, 90245. 

(5) Owns vested
 options to purchase 9,000 shares of common stock. 

(6) Owns vested
 options to purchase 10,000 shares of common stock. 

(7) 
 Owns vested options to purchase 5,000 shares of common stock. 

(8) 
 Owns vested options to purchase 10,000 shares of common stock. 

(9) Owns vested
 options to purchase 10,000 shares of common stock. 

(10) Owns vested
 options to purchase 50,000 shares of common stock. 

(11) Owns
 vested options to purchase 10,000 shares of common stock. 

44 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table provides information as of March 31, 2022, regarding shares of common stock that may be issued under the Company s
equity compensation plans (the Equity Plan ). Information is included for both equity compensation plans approved by the Company s
stockholders and not approved by the Company s stockholders. 

Plan
 Category 
 (a) 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 (b) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 (c) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities 
 reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation
 plans approved by security holders 
 482,217 
 14.69 
 730,000 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 482,217 
 14.69 
 730,000 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Other
than the employment terms for its executive officers as described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, and as described below, there have been
no related transactions that are required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404. Messrs. Gottlieb, Chafetz, Hugel, Rosenfeld and Ms. Marciano
are deemed independent directors of the Company pursuant to the SEC rules and regulations. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

On
July 22, 2019, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company approved the engagement of Marcum LLP Marcum LLP (PCAOB ID: as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, subject to negotiating and execution of an acceptable
engagement agreement between Marcum LLP and the Company for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020. On August 14, 2019, Marcum LLP and
the Company executed an engagement agreement pursuant to which Marcum LLP would provide to the Company auditing services for the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2020. The Board of Directors selected Marcum LLP as the independent auditor of IEH for the fiscal years ending March
31, 2022 and 2021. 

Audit
Fees . During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, IEH incurred 142,500, 142,500 and 252,000 to Marcum LLP for
fees related to the audit of its financial statements, respectively. 

Audit
Related Fees. During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, 0, 0 and 0 were paid. 

Tax
Fees . During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, 8,250, 11,124 and 5,150 were paid for tax related services,
respectively. 

All
Other Fees. During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, IEH did not pay any other fees for services
to its independent auditor. 

The
Board of Directors has determined that the services provided by Marcum LLP and the fees paid to it for such services during the fiscal
years ended March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, have not compromised the independence of Marcum LLP and has been approved by the Audit Committee. 

45 

IEH
CORPORATION 

PART
IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) Documents
 filed as part of this report. 

1. The
 following financial statements of IEH Corporation and Report of Independent Registered Accounting
 Firm, are included in this report: 

Page 

 Number 
 
 Independent
 Auditors Report Marcum LLP 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Stockholders 
 Equity 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-8 

2. List
 of financial statement schedules: 

All schedules
have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

3. List
 of Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. See part (b) below. 

(b) Exhibits 

The exhibits
filed as part of this annual Report on Form 10-K are set forth on the Exhibit Index, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 

46 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit C-4 to Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 27,
 1991). 
 
 3.2 
 
 By-Laws
 of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.2 on Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended March 27, 1994). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Certificate of the Company (filed as Exhibit 4.1 on Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended March
 27, 1994). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1( 
 
 Agreement between the Company and Michael Offerman (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2009). 
 
 10.2( 
 
 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit A to definitive Proxy Statement dated August 31, 2011). 
 
 10.3( 
 
 2020
 Equity Stock Based Compensation Plan (filed as Annex A to definitive Proxy Statement dated November 23, 2020). 
 
 10.5( 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Agreement between the Company and Robert Knoth, dated as of September 1, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on July 12, 2018). 
 
 10.6( 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between the Company and David Offerman, dated as of July 31, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2019). 
 
 10.7( 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between the Company and William H. Craig dated as of August 27, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on August 27, 2020). 
 
 10.8( 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between the Company and William H. Craig dated as of September 21, 2022 and effective as of July 1, 2022 (filed as Exhibit
 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2022). 
 
 21 

Subsidiaries of the Company 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a) or 17 CFR 240.15d-14(a) pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a) or 17 CFR 240.15d-14(a) pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications
 by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14(b) or 17 CFR 240.15d-14(b) and Section 1350
 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.1 
 
 The
 following information from the IEH Corporation s Annual Report in Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, formatted
 in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting language) and filed electronically herewith: (i) the Balance Sheets; (ii) the Statements
 of Operations; and (iii) the Statements of Stockholders Equity; (iv) the Statements of Cash Flow; and (v) the Notes to Financial
 Statements. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Interactive
 Data Files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language Inline XBRL 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Exhibits
 filed herewith. 

Exhibits
 furnished herewith. 

Indicates
 management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item
 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None 

47 

IEH CORPORATION 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, IEH Corporation has duly caused this Report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

IEH
 CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 David Offerman 

David
 Offerman 

Chairman
 of the Board, President and 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: June
22, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/
 David Offerman 
 
 June
 22, 2023 
 
 David
 Offerman, 

Chairman of the Board,
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) and President 

/s/
 Subrata Purkayastha 
 
 June
 22, 2023 
 
 Subrata
 Purkayastha, 

Interim
 Chief Financial Officer, 

(Principal
 Financial Officer 

/s/
 Allen Gottlieb 
 
 June
 22, 2023 
 
 Allen Gottlieb, Director 

/s/
 Gerald E. Chafetz 
 
 June
 22, 2023 
 
 Gerald
 E. Chafetz, Director 

/s/
 Eric C. Hugel 
 
 June
 22, 2023 
 
 Eric
 C. Hugel, Director 

/s/
 Sonia Marciano 
 
 June
 22, 2023 
 
 Sonia
 Marciano, Director 

/s/
 Michael E. Rosenfeld 
 
 June
 22, 2023 
 
 Michael
 E. Rosenfeld, Director 

48 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Index to Financial Statements 

Page
 
 Number 

Independent Auditors 
 Report Marcum LLP 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Statements of Operations 
 F-5 

Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

IEH Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of IEH Corporation (the Company as of March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Restatement of the 2020 Financial Statements 

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements,
the accompanying financial statements as of March 31, 2020 and for the period then ended have been restated. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB . Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Valuation of Inventories 

As described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company reported
there were material errors within its reporting for the periods ended September 27, 2019, December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, pertaining
to the improper valuation of its inventory. We identified inventory valuation as a critical audit matter. 

The principal consideration for our determination that the valuation
of inventory is a critical audit matter is because of the significance of the balance sheet item, the significant assumptions management
makes with regards to its valuation of inventory and the high degree of subjective auditor judgment associated with evaluating management s
determination of the value of inventory. 

To address the matter, it involved performing
procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. Our
procedures related to the valuation of inventory included, among others: 

We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design of the internal controls over management s valuation of inventory 

We evaluated the significant assumptions stated above and the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in management s costing and valuation 

We obtained from management the master schedule of inventory
values with adjustments from raw materials, work in process, and finished goods; the schedule for calculation of manufacturing overhead;
and the analysis of inventory reserve. 

- We
assessed the qualifications and competence of management; and 

- We
evaluated the methodologies used to determine the reasonableness and accuracy of adjustments, overhead rates, and allowance for obsolete
inventory. 

We tested the pricing used to determine the average costs
of raw materials and supplies, the net realizable value of finished goods and work in process, and the estimates of which materials may
be obsolete. 

We assessed the reasonableness of the schedules of management s
estimates by inquiring with management to understand the analysis of inventoried raw material parts as applied to quantities and costs
for each of the periods presented. 

We evaluated management s provision for slow-moving and obsolete inventory calculation, by reviewing inputs, including historical sales activity versus on-hand inventory levels, we reviewed current selling prices versus current cost 

/s/
 
 Marcum
LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019 . 

June 22, 2023 

F- 3 

IEH CORPORATION 

BALANCE SHEETS 

As of 

(As Restated) 

March 31, 
 2022 
 March 31, 
 2021 
 March 31, 
 2020 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Corporate income taxes receivable 

-

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred income tax assets, net 

Security Deposit 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Due to accounts receivable financing company 
 -
 
 -

Customer advance payments 

Accrued corporate income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Operating lease liabilities 

-

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

PPP Loan 
 -

-

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 13) 

Stockholders Equity 

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; , and shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 30, 2020, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

F- 4 

IEH CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Fiscal Years Ended 

(As Restated) 

March 31, 
 2022 
 March 31, 
 2021 
 March 31, 
 2020 

Revenue 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of products sold 

Selling, general and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Operating (loss) income 

Other income (expense): 

Other income (for fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, consists principally of debt forgiveness income from the forgiveness of the PPP Loan, see Note 8) 

-

Interest income (expense), net 

Total other income (expense), net 

Income before benefit from (provision for) income taxes 

Benefit from (provision for) income taxes 

Net income 

Basic earnings per common share 

Diluted earnings per share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic (in thousands) 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - diluted (in thousands) 

F- 5 

IEH CORPORATION 

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Retained 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Equity 

Balances at March 29, 2019 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -

-

Exercise of stock options 

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balances at March 31, 2020 (As Restated) 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balances at March 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balances at March 31, 2022 

F- 6 

IEH CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Fiscal Years Ended 

(As Restated) 

March 31, 
 2022 
 March 31, 
 2021 
 March 31, 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to 

Net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Inventory obsolescence provision 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 
 -
 
 -

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Security deposit 
 -

-

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 -

Accounts payable 

Customer advance payments 

Other current liabilities 

Corporate income taxes receivable 

-

Accrued corporate income taxes 
 -

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition of property, plant and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advances under accounts receivable financing 
 -

Repayments under the accounts receivable financing 
 -

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 -
 
 -

Proceeds from PPP loan 
 -

-

Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 
 -

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash - beginning of fiscal year 

Cash - end of fiscal year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income Taxes 

F- 7 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

, an overstatement of income tax expense of , and
an overstatement of net income of , for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. 

F- 8 

IEH
 CORPORATION 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 2 - RESTATEMENT OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) : 

Total
 current assets 

Total
 assets 

Accrued
 corporate income taxes 

Total
 current liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Retained
 earnings 

Total
 Stockholder s Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

F- 9 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 2 - RESTATEMENT OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) : 

Operating
 income 

Income
 before income taxes 

Provision
 for income taxes 

Net
 income 

Basic earnings
 per share 

Fully diluted
 earnings per share 

The
table below sets forth the statements of stockholders equity, including the balances originally reported, corrections and the
as restated balances: 

Retained earnings, as of March 31, 2020 

Total stockholders equity, as of March 31, 2020 

The
table below sets forth the statements of cash flows from operating activities, including the balances originally reported, corrections
and the as restated balances: 

Obsolescence
 provision 

Deferred
 income taxes, net 

Increase/(decrease)
 in inventories 

Increase/(decrease)
 in accrued corporate income taxes 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 - 

The
restatement had no impact on cash flows from investing activities or financing activities. 

In
addition to the restated financial statements, the information contained in Notes 3, 4, 10 and 15 has been restated. 

F- 10 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 2 - RESTATEMENT OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) : 

IEH
CORPORATION 

BALANCE
SHEET 

Accounts
 receivable 

Inventories 

a

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Non-current
 assets: 

Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred
 income tax asset, net 

Security
 deposit 

Total
 assets 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Equity 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable 

Due
 to accounts receivable financing company 

Customer
 advance payments 

Accrued
 corporate income taxes 

c

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Other
 current liabilities 

Total
 current liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2020 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Retained
 earnings 

a,
 c 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

F- 11 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 2 - RESTATEMENT OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) : 

IEH
 CORPORATION 

STATEMENT
OF OPERATIONS 

- 

Costs
 and expenses: 

Cost
 of products sold 

a

Selling,
 general and administrative 

Depreciation
 and amortization 
 
 - 

Total
 operating expenses 

Operating
 income 

Other
 expenses: 

Other
 income 
 
 - 

Interest
 income (expense) 
 
 - 

Total
 other income (expense), net 
 
 - 

Income
 before provision for income taxes 

a

Provision
 for income taxes 

c

Net
 Income 

Basic earnings
 per common share 

Diluted earnings
 per share 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding - basic (in thousands) 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding - diluted (in thousands) 

F- 12 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 2 - RESTATEMENT OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) : 

IEH
CORPORATION 

STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock
 options 

- 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at March 31, 2020 

Restatement
 Impacts 

Balance
 at March 29, 2019 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercise of stock
 options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 income (loss) (correction) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at March 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 

As
 Restated 

Balance
 at March 29, 2019 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock
 options 

- 

Net
 income (as restated) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at March 31, 2020 (As Restated) 

F- 13 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 2 - RESTATEMENT OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) : 

IEH
CORPORATION 

STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS 

a,
c 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to 

Net
 cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 
 
 - 

Obsolescence
 provision 

a

Deferred
 income taxes, net 

c

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 
 
 - 

Changes
 in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 
 
 - 

Inventories 

a

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 
 
 - 

Operating
 lease liabilities 
 
 - 

Accounts
 payable 
 
 - 

Customer
 advance payments 
 
 - 

Other
 current liabilities 
 
 - 

Accrued
 corporate income taxes 

c

Net
 cash provided by operating activities 
 
 - 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition
 of property, plant and equipment 
 
 - 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 
 
 - 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Advances
 under accounts receivable financing 
 
 - 

Repayments
 under the accounts receivable financing 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock
 options 
 
 - 

Net
 cash (used in)/provided by financing activities 
 
 - 

Net
 increase in cash 
 
 - 

Cash
 - beginning of fiscal year 
 
 - 

Cash
 - end of fiscal year 
 
 - 

Supplemental
 disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash
 paid during the year for: 

Interest 
 
 - 

Income
 Taxes 
 
 - 

F- 14 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

International 

Total 

, and of the international net sales for fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, represent sales
to customers located in China. 

F- 15 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 3 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) : 

Commercial
 Aerospace 

Space 

Other 

, and as of March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and was reflected as a reduction of inventory. 

- years) of the related assets. 

F- 16 

IEH
 CORPORATION 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 3 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) : 

F- 17 

IEH
 CORPORATION 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 3 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) : 

BASIC EARNINGS
 PER COMMON SHARE 

DILUTED EARNINGS
 PER SHARE 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE
 NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING-BASIC 

DILUTIVE
 EFFECT OF OPTIONS TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH OPTIONS ARE DETERMINED TO BE IN THE MONEY FOR THE PERIOD 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE
 NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING-FULLY DILUTED 

F- 18 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 3 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) : 

F- 19 

IEH
 CORPORATION 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 3 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) : 

Expected
 life (in years) 

Expected
 volatility 

Dividend
 yield 

Risk-Free
 interest rate, per annum 

Right-of-use
 liability, current 
 Operating lease liabilities 

- 

Right-of-use
 lease liability, long-term 
 Operating lease liabilities,
 non-current 

F- 20 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 3 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) : 

Leases
 (Continued) 

Weighted-average
 remaining lease term operating lease (in years) 

, and , respectively. In addition to
the base rent, the Company pays insurance premiums and utility charges relating to the use of the premises. The Company considers its
present facilities to be adequate for its present and anticipated future needs. 

as of March 31, 2022. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total
 gross operating lease payments 

Less:
 imputed interest 

Total
 lease liabilities, reflecting present value of future minimum lease payments 

F- 21 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Work
 in progress 

Finished
 goods 

Allowance
 for obsolete inventory 

Other
 current assets 

Leasehold
 improvements 

Machinery
 and equipment 

Tools
 and dies 

Furniture
 and fixtures 

Website
 development cost 

Less:
 accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property,
 Plant and Equipment, net 

Depreciation
and amortization expense for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 

F- 22 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

percent of its eligible receivables (as defined in such financing agreement) at an interest rate of 
above JP Morgan Chase s publicly announced rate with a minimum rate of per annum. 

The
financing agreement was terminated as of March 14, 2022. 

As
of March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the obligation to the Financing Company was , and , respectively. 

pursuant to the Payment Protection Program PPP under the Coronavirus Aid Relief and
Economic Security Act CARES Act ). The PPP Loan was administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration and the Company s
loan was made through JP Morgan Chase Bank. The PPP Loan bore interest at a fixed interest rate of one percent per year and would
have matured in two ) years after the issuance date. Payment of interest is deferred for the first six (6) months. Beginning on the
seventh month following the date of the PPP Note (November 2020), the Company is required to make 18 payments of equal monthly installments
of principal and interest with the final payment due in April 2022. The PPP Note provides for customary events of default including,
among other things, cross-defaults on any other loan with JP Morgan Chase Bank. The PPP Loan may be accelerated upon the occurrence of
an event of default. The PPP Loan may be prepaid by the Company at any time with no prepayment penalties applied. 

The
proceeds of the PPP Loan may be used for payroll costs, costs related to certain group health care benefits, rent payments, utility payments,
mortgage interest payments, interest payments on other debt obligation that were incurred before February 15, 2020. The PPP Note contains
events of defaults and other conditions customary for a note of this type. 

The
PPP Loan was guaranteed by the United States Small Business Administration SBA ). The Company may apply to JP Morgan Chase
Bank for forgiveness of the PPP Loan, with the amounts which may be forgiven equal to the sum of payroll costs, covered rent and mortgage
obligations and covered utilities, which payments were incurred by the Company during the 24-week period beginning on April 13, 2020
and calculated in accordance with the CARES Act. 

Under
the terms of the CARES Act, the PPP Loan recipients can apply for and be granted forgiveness for all or a portion of a loan granted under
the PPP with such forgiveness to be determined subject to limitations based on the use of loan proceeds for payment of payroll costs
and any payments of mortgage, interest, rent and utilities. 

On
April 21, 2021, the Company received notice that the PPP Loan was forgiven. The Company recorded the forgiveness of the principal balance
of as debt forgiveness income in the quarter ending June 30, 2021. 

F- 23 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Sales commissions 

Other current liabilities 

State
 and local 
 - 

Total
 current tax provision 
 - 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State
 and local 

Total
 deferred tax expense 

Total
 provision 

F- 24 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 10 - INCOME TAXES (Continued) : 

- 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities 

- 
 
 Stock options 

Accrued expenses 
 
 - 

Inventory 

- 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation 

Operating lease
 right-of-use asset 

- 
 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax assets (liabilities), net 

F- 25 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 10 - INCOME TAXES (Continued) : 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Stock Option Exercises 

True-up for tax provision 

Debt forgiveness income of the PPP Note- not
 subject to income tax 

Meals and entertainment 

Effective tax rate 

During
the fiscal year ended March 29, 2019, the Company received a remittance of from the Internal Revenue Service. The remittance
did not indicate the basis for the payment. The Company has reported this payment as a current liability in the accompanying financial
statements until such time that the basis for this remittance can be determined. 

For
the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company s effective tax rate was ) , which consisted principally of a federal rate of ,
and the Company s estimate of state taxes, net of federal benefit, of , offset by the impact of a gain on the forgiveness of
debt that was not subject to income tax. 

As
of March 31, 2022 for U.S. federal and state income tax reporting purposes, the Company has approximately of unused net operating
losses NOLs available for carry forward to future years. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 TCJA ),
for U.S. income tax purposes, NOLs generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely to offset
future taxable income. The total amount of the Federal NOL as of March 31, 2022, may be carried forward indefinitely. The state and city
NOLs may generally be carried forward for and may be applied against future taxable income. Further, the benefit from utilization
of NOL carry forwards could be subject to limitations due to material ownership changes that could occur if the Company issues additional
shares of common stock pursuant. 

The
Company remains subject to examination by tax authorities for fiscal tax years ended March 31, 2020 and later. 

Based
upon the Company s history of generating taxable income, the Company performed an analysis and determined that it was not necessary
to establish a valuation reserve with respect to its net deferred income tax assets. 

As of December 31, 2022, management does not believe that the Company
has any material uncertain tax positions that would require it to measure and reflect the potential lack of sustainability of a position
on audit in its financial statements. The Company will continue to evaluate its uncertain tax positions in future periods to determine
if measurement and recognition in its financial statements is necessary. The Company does not believe there will be any material changes
in its unrecognized tax positions over the next year. 

F- 26 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

shares of the Company s
common stock to all employees, consultants and other eligible participants including senior management and members of the Board of Directors
of the Company. The 2011 Equity Incentive Plan expired on August 31, 2021 after which no further awards will be granted under such plan. 

2020
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
November 18, 2020, the Board of Directors approved for submission to stockholders at the Annual Meeting the Company s 2020 Equity
Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan ). On December 16, 2020, the Company s stockholders approved the adoption of the 2020
Plan to provide for the grant of stock options and restricted stock awards to purchase up to shares of the Company s common
stock to all employees, consultants and other eligible participants including senior management and members of the Board of Directors
of the Company. 

Options
granted to employees under both the 2011 Plan and the 2020 Plan (together the Plans may be designated as options which
qualify for incentive stock option treatment under Section 422A of the Internal Revenue Code, or options which do not qualify (non-qualified
stock options). 

Under
the Plans, the exercise price of an option designated as an incentive stock option shall not be less than the fair market value of the
Company s common stock on the day the option is granted. In the event an option designated as an incentive stock option is granted
to a ten percent or greater stockholders, such exercise price shall be at least 110 percent of the fair market value of
the Company s common stock and the option must not be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the day of the grant.
The Plans also provides that holders of options that wish to pay for the exercise price of their options with shares of the Company s
common stock must have beneficially owned such stock for at least six months prior to the exercise date. 

Exercise
prices of non-incentive stock options may not be less than the fair market value of the Company s common stock. 

The
aggregate fair market value of shares subject to options granted to a participant(s), which are designated as incentive stock options,
and which become exercisable in any calendar year, shall not exceed . 

Option
Awards 

On
July 29, 2019, the Board of Directors granted David Offerman, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer an option to
purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share, under the 2011 Plan, in connection
with his employment agreement dated as of July 29, 2019. The option expires from the date of grant, and vests in three equal
annual installments of options each, with the first vesting installment occurring on the date of grant. The option had a fair
value on the date of grant of . 

F- 27 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 11 - EQUITY INCENTIVE PLANS (Continued) : 

, and , respectively. 

The
Company received , and in proceeds from stock option exercises during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. 

As
of March 31, 2022 there was no unrecognized compensation expense related to unamortized stock options. 

Stock
option activity 

The
following table provides the stock option activity: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited or Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of March 31, 2020 

Exercisable as of March 31, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited or Expired 

Balance as of March 31, 2021 

Exercisable as of March 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited or Expired 

Balance as of March 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of March 31, 2022 

The
aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (i.e., the difference between the Company s
closing stock price on the last trading day of the period and the exercise price, times the number of shares) that would have been received
by the option holders had all option holders exercised their in-the-money options on those dates. 

F- 28 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

, and for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

On
January 29, 2021 

The
rental expense for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was , and , respectively. 

The
Company has a collective bargaining multi-employer pension plan Multi-Employer Plan with the United Auto Workers of America,
Local 259 (ID No. 136115077). The Multi-Employer Plan is covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the Company, which expires
on March 31, 2024. Contributions are made in accordance with a negotiated labor contract and are based on the number of covered employees
employed per month. With the passage of the Multi-Employer Pension Plan Amendments Act of 1990 (the 1990 Act ), the Company
may become subject to liabilities in excess of contributions made under the collective bargaining agreement. Generally, these liabilities
are contingent upon the termination, withdrawal, or partial withdrawal from the Multi-Employer Plan. The risks of participating in a
multiemployer plan are different from single-employer plans, for example, assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer
may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers, if a participating employer stops contributing to the
multiemployer plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may become the obligation of the remaining participating employers, and if a
participating employer chooses to stop participating in these multiemployer plans, the employer may be required to pay those plans an
amount based on the underfunded status of the plan. 

Based
upon the Multi-Employer Plan s consulting actuary, the actuarial certification of plan status for the year ended December 31, 2021
is neither endangered nor critical under the Pension Protection Act of 2006. The total contributions charged to operations under the
provisions of the Multi-Employer Plan were , and for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
For the plan years ended December, 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 respectively, the Company was listed in the United Auto Workers of America,
Local 259 as providing less than of the total contributions for the plan. The Company has not taken any action to terminate, withdraw
or partially withdraw from the Multi-Employer Plan nor does it intend to do so in the future. 

F- 29 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

of the Company s net sales. One of those customers accounted
for of the Company s net sales while the second and third customers accounted for and of the Company s
net sales, respectively. 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, three customers accounted for of the Company s net sales. One of those customers accounted
for of the Company s net sales while the second and third customers accounted for and of the Company s net
sales, respectively. 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, three customers accounted for of the Company s net sales. One of those customers accounted
for of the Company s net sales while the second and third customers accounted for and of the Company s net
sales, respectively. 

As
of March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 one customer accounted for , three customers accounted for , and two customers accounted for
 of accounts receivable, respectively. 

As
of March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 two vendors accounted for , four vendors accounted for , and six vendors accounted for 
of accounts payable, respectively. 

F- 30 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEETS 

(unaudited) 

Accounts
 receivable 

Inventories 

Excess
 payments to commercial finance company 

- 
 
 Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Non-current
 assets: 

Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Security
 deposit 

Total
 assets 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Equity 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable 

Due
 to accounts receivable financing company 
 - 
 - 

Customer
 advance payments 

- 
 
 Accrued
 corporate income taxes 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Other
 current liabilities 

Total
 current liabilities 

Operating
 lease liabilities, non-current 

- 
 
 Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; , and shares issued and outstanding at June 28, 2019, September 27, 2019 and December 31, 2019, respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Retained
 earnings 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

F- 31 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEETS 

(unaudited) 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Corporate income taxes receivable 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred income tax asset, net 

Security deposit 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Due to accounts receivable financing company 
 
 -
 
 -

Customer advance payments 

Accrued corporate income taxes 
 
 -
 
 -

Operating lease liabilities 
 -
 
 -

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

PPP Loan 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity 

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; , and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2020, September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2020, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

F- 32 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEETS 

(unaudited) 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Corporate income taxes
 receivable 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Property, plant and
 equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use
 assets 

Deferred income tax
 asset, net 

Security
 deposit 

Total
 assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders 
 Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Customer advance payments 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other
 current liabilities 

Total
 current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities,
 non-current 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity 

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; , and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2021 respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Total Stockholders 
 Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

F- 33 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(unaudited) 

Costs
 and expenses: 

Cost
 of products sold 

Selling,
 general and administrative 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Total
 operating expenses 

Operating
 income (loss) 

Other
 (expense) income: 

Other
 income 

Interest
 (expense) income, net 

Total
 other (expense) income, net 

Income
 (loss) before (provision for) benefit from income taxes 

(Provision
 for) benefit from income taxes 

Net
 Income (Loss) 

Basic earnings
 per common share 

Diluted earnings
 per share 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding - basic (in thousands) 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding - diluted (in thousands) 

F- 34 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(unaudited) 

Costs
 and expenses: 

Cost
 of products sold 

Selling,
 general and administrative 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Total
 operating expenses 

Operating
 income 

Other
 income (expense): 

Other
 income 

Interest
 (expense) income, net 

Total
 other income (expense), net 

Income
 before provision for income taxes 

Provision
 for income taxes 

Net
 Income 

Basic
 earnings per common share 

Diluted
 earnings per share 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding - basic (in thousands) 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding - diluted (in thousands) 

F- 35 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(unaudited) 

Costs
 and expenses: 

Cost
 of products sold 

Selling,
 general and administrative 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Total
 operating expenses 

Operating
 income (loss) 

Other
 income (expense): 

Other
 income 

Interest
 income (expense), net 

Total
 other income (expense), net 

Income
 (loss) before (provision for) benefit from income taxes 

(Provision
 for) benefit from income taxes 

Net
 Income (Loss) 

Basic
 earnings per common share 

Diluted
 earnings per share 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding - basic (in thousands) 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding - diluted (in thousands) 

F- 36 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(unaudited) 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at June 28, 2019 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at September
 27, 2019 (As Restated) 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 

- 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31,
 2019 (As Restated) 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 

- 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at March 31,
 2020 (As Restated) 

F- 37 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(unaudited) 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at June 30, 2020 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at September
 30, 2020 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31,
 2020 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at March 31,
 2021 

F- 38 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(unaudited) 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at June 30, 2021 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at September
 30, 2021 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31,
 2021 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at March 31,
 2022 

F- 39 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(unaudited) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to 

Net cash provided by operating
 activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation
 expense 

Operating lease right-of-use
 assets 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Customer advance payments 

Other current liabilities 

Accrued corporate income
 taxes 

Excess
 payments to commercial financial company 

- 
 
 Net
 cash (used in)/provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition
 of property, plant and equipment 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advances under accounts
 receivable financing 

Repayments under the accounts
 receivable financing 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 

Net
 cash (used in)/provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash
 - beginning of fiscal year 

Cash
 - end of fiscal year 

Supplemental disclosures
 of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income
 Taxes 

F- 40 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(unaudited) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to 

Net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Obsolescence provision 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Customer advance payments 

Other current liabilities 

Corporate income taxes receivable 
 - 

Accrued corporate income taxes 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition of property, plant and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advances under accounts receivable financing 

Repayments under the accounts receivable financing 

Proceeds from PPP loan 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash - beginning of fiscal year 

Cash - end of fiscal year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income Taxes 
 - 

F- 41 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(unaudited) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to 

Net cash provided by operating
 activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation
 expense 

Obsolescence provision 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Operating lease right-of-use
 assets 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP
 loan 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Customer advance payments 

Other current liabilities 

Corporate
 income taxes receivable 

Net
 cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition
 of property, plant and equipment 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash
 - beginning of fiscal year 

Cash
 - end of fiscal year 

Supplemental disclosures
 of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income
 Taxes 

F- 42 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEETS 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

a 

Excess payments to commercial
 financial company 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Property, plant and
 equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use
 assets 

Security
 deposit 

Total
 assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders 
 Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Customer advance payments 

Accrued corporate income
 taxes 

c 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other
 current liabilities 

Total
 current liabilities 

Operating
 lease liabilities, non-current 
 
 - 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity 

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

b 

Retained
 earnings 

a, b, c 

Total Stockholders 
 Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

F- 43 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEETS 

Accounts
 receivable 

Inventories 

a 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Non-current
 assets: 

Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Security
 deposit 

Total
 assets 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Equity 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable 

Due
 to accounts receivable financing company 

Accrued
 corporate income taxes 

c 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Other
 current liabilities 

Total
 current liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Retained
 earnings 

a,
 c 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

F- 44 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

- 

Costs
 and expenses: 

Cost
 of products sold 

a 

Selling,
 general and administrative 

b 

Depreciation
 and amortization 
 
 - 

Total
 operating expenses 

Operating
 income (loss) 

Other
 expenses 

Other
 income 
 
 -

Interest
 income (expense) 
 
 -

Total
 other income (expense), net 
 
 -

Income
 (loss) before benefit from (provision for) income taxes 

a, b 

Benefit
 from (provision for) income taxes 

c 

Net
 Income (Loss) 

a,
 b, c 

Basic
 earnings per common share 

Diluted
 earnings per share 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding - basic (in thousands) 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding - diluted (in thousands) 

F- 45 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

-

Costs
 and expenses: 

Cost
 of products sold 

a 

Selling,
 general and administrative 

b 

Depreciation
 and amortization 
 
 -

Total
 operating expenses 

Operating
 income 

Other
 expenses 

Other
 income 
 
 -

Interest
 income (expense) 
 
 -

Total
 other income (expense), net 
 
 -

Income
 before provision for income taxes 

a, b 

Provision
 for income taxes 

c 

Net
 Income 

a, b,
 c 

Basic
 earnings per common share 

Diluted
 earnings per share 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding - basic (in thousands) 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding - diluted (in thousands) 

F- 46 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Costs
 and expenses: 

Cost
 of products sold 

a 

Selling,
 general and administrative 

Depreciation
 and amortization 
 
 -

Total
 operating expenses 

Operating
 income 

Other
 expenses 

Other
 income 
 
 -

Interest
 income (expense) 
 
 -

Total
 other income (expense), net 
 
 - 

Income
 before provision for income taxes 

a 

Provision
 for income taxes 

c 

Net
 Income 

a, c 

Basic
 earnings per common share 

Diluted
 earnings per share 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding - basic (in thousands) 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding - diluted (in thousands) 

F- 47 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

- 

Costs
 and expenses: 

Cost
 of products sold 

a 

Selling,
 general and administrative 

Depreciation
 and amortization 
 
 - 

Total
 operating expenses 

a 

Operating
 income 

a 

Other
 expenses 

Other
 income 
 
 - 

Interest
 income (expense) 
 
 - 

Total
 other income (expense), net 
 
 - 

Income
 before provision for income taxes 

a 

Provision
 for income taxes 

c 

Net
 Income 

a, c 

Basic
 earnings per common share 

Diluted
 earnings per share 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding - basic (in thousands) 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding - diluted (in thousands) 

F- 48 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(See Note, below) 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 

- 

Net income
 (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at September 27, 2019 

Restatement
 Impacts 

Balance
 at June 28, 2019 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation expense (see Note, below) 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income
 (loss) (see Note, below) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at September 27, 2019 
 - 
 - 

As Restated 

Balance
 at June 28, 2019 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 

- 

Net income
 (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at September 27, 2019 (As Restated) 

Note - This stock-based compensation expense adjustment is to
record in Q2 the amortization of stock-based compensation, net of income tax expense, for an equity based award that should have been
recorded during this period in the Company s original filing of Form 10-Q. The amortization of this stock-based compensation award
was recorded within the year-to-date statement of operations for the nine months ended December 31, 2019, as if it had been properly recorded
within the second quarter of FYE 2020. Thus, within the restatement schedules for the three and six months ended September 27, 2019, the
Company is reflecting the effect of recording the impact of this stock-based compensation expense, net of tax, during the three and six
months ended September 27, 2019, since these periods are being re-presented within this quarterly information within this annual report.
However, the reader will not see a corresponding restatement adjustment impact from this stock-based compensation item, net of tax, within
the financial information for the three and nine months ended December 31, 2019, since that information was presented, as adjusted, within
the original filing of the Form 10-Q for such period. 

F- 49 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(See Note, below) 

-
 Adjustments to opening balances to reflect the effect of stock-based compensation, net of income taxes, that should have been recorded
 within the three and six months ended September 27, 2019, as if such amounts had been properly recorded during such prior quarterly
 period (stock-based compensation of 884,667, net of income taxes of 396,911) 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at September 27, 2019 - as adjusted and as presented within the Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended December 31, 2019,
 as originally filed. 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise
 of stock options 

- 

Net
 income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2019 

Restatement
 Impacts 

Restatement
 impact on the prior quarter for restatement adjustments for costs of products sold, net of income taxes 2,544,989 representing
 both the inventory and stock-based compensation adjustments recorded in Q2, less the effect of the stock-based compensation adjustment
 of 487,756 which had already been reflected as an adjustment of the opening period balance for the quarterly reconciliation presented
 within the Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended December 31, 2019). 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercise
 of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2019 
 - 
 - 
 - 

As
 Restated 

Balance
 at September 27, 2019 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise
 of stock options 

- 

Net
 income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2019 (As Restated) 

Note - As further discussed above, a year-to-date stock-based
compensation expense adjustment was recorded within the Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended December 31, 2019, to record the
amortization of stock-based compensation, net of income tax expense, for an equity based award that should have been recorded during the
three months ended June 27, 2019. The amortization of this Q2 stock-based compensation award was recorded within the year-to-date statement
of operations for the nine months ended December 31, 2019, as if it had been properly recorded within the second quarter of FYE 2020.
Thus, within the restatement schedules for the three and six months ended September 27, 2019, the Company is reflecting the effect of
recording the impact of this stock-based compensation expense, net of tax, during the three and six months ended September 27, 2019, since
these periods are being re-presented within this quarterly information within this annual report. However, the reader will not see a corresponding
restatement adjustment impact from this stock-based compensation item, net of tax, within the financial information for the three and
nine months ended December 31, 2019, since that information was presented, as adjusted, within the original filing of the Form 10-Q for
such period. 

F- 50 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(2,544,989 
 a, b, c 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to 

Net
 cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 
 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 
 
 884,667 
 b 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 
 
 - 

Changes
 in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 
 
 - 

Inventories 
 
 3,144,654 
 a 

Excess
 payments to commercial finance company 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 
 
 - 

Operating
 lease liabilities 
 
 - 

Accounts
 payable 
 
 - 

Customer
 advance payments 
 
 - 

Other
 current liabilities 
 
 - 

Accrued
 corporate income taxes 
 
 (1,484,332 
 c 

Net
 cash provided by operating activities 
 
 - 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition
 of property, plant and equipment 
 
 - 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 
 
 - 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Advances
 under accounts receivable financing 
 
 - 

Repayments
 under the accounts receivable financing 
 
 - 

Exercise
 of stock options 
 
 - 

Net
 cash (used in)/provided by financing activities 
 
 - 

Net
 increase in cash 
 
 - 

Cash
 - beginning of fiscal year 
 
 - 

Cash
 - end of fiscal year 
 
 - 

Supplemental
 disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash
 paid during the year for: 

Interest 
 
 - 

Income
 Taxes 
 
 - 

F- 51 

IEH
CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 15 - 
 QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

IEH
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

a, b, c 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to 

Net
 cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 
 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 
 
 - 
 b 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 
 
 - 

Changes
 in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 
 
 - 

Inventories 

a 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 
 
 - 

Operating
 lease liabilities 
 
 - 

Accounts
 payable 
 
 - 

Customer
 advance payments 
 
 - 

Other
 current liabilities 
 
 - 

Accrued
 corporate income taxes 

c 

Net
 cash provided by operating activities 
 
 - 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition
 of property, plant and equipment 
 
 - 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 
 
 - 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Advances
 under accounts receivable financing 

Repayments
 under the accounts receivable financing 

Exercise
 of stock options 
 
 - 

Net
 cash (used in)/provided by financing activities 
 
 - 

Net
 increase in cash 

Cash
 - beginning of fiscal year 
 
 - 

Cash
 - end of fiscal year 
 
 - 

Supplemental
 disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash
 paid during the year for: 

Interest 
 
 - 

Income
 Taxes 
 
 - 

F-52 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-2_iehcorp.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.2 

IEH CORPORATION 

 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

IEH Corporation (the Company has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ):
our Common Stock (as defined below). 

Description of Common Stock 

The following description of
our Co. The Common Stock (as defined below) is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety
by reference to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), and our By-Laws (the Bylaws ),
each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part. We encourage
you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of New York law, for additional information. 

Authorized Capital Shares 

Our authorized capital shares
consist of 10,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.50 par value per share Common Stock ). The issued and outstanding shares
of our Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 

Voting Rights 

The holders of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall have the right to vote on the election and removal of all of the members of the Board of Directors and on
all other matters to be voted on by the shareholders of the Company. At every meeting with respect to matters on which the holders of
outstanding shares of Common Stock are entitled to vote, the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote
per share and do not have cumulative voting rights . Shareholders may only take action
and vote their shares at an annual or special meeting of shareholders. Shareholders may not take action by written consent without a meeting. 

Dividend Rights 

When, as and if dividends or distributions are
declared on issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, whether payable in cash, in property or in securities of the Company, the holders
of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to share equally, share for share, in such dividends and distributions. 

Liquidation Rights 

Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to
share equally, share for share, in the assets of the Company to be distributed among the holders of issued and outstanding shares of Common
Stock. 

No Preemptive Rights 

Our Common Stock has no sinking
fund or redemption provisions or preemptive, conversion or exchange rights. Shareholders of Common Stock may not act by written consent
without a meeting. 

Listing and Transfer Agent 

The Common Stock is traded on the OTC Bulletin
Board Market under the symbol IEHC. The transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Computershare. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of our
Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws 

Certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws could make our acquisition by a third party, a change in our incumbent board of directors and our management, or a similar
change of control more difficult. These provisions, which are summarized below, are likely to discourage certain types of coercive takeover
practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first
negotiate with our Board of Directors. We believe that these provisions help to protect our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent
of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us, and that this benefit outweighs the potential disadvantages of
discouraging such a proposal because our ability to negotiate with the proponent could result in an improvement of the terms of the proposal. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions
for a classified board of directors which divides the board of directors into two classes: Class I and Class II with as nearly equal in
number of directors as possible. As a result, the ability of a party seeking to acquire control of the Company s board of directors
would be delayed until two annual meetings of shareholders from electing directors and taking such control. 

Any director, or the entire Board of Directors,
may be removed from office at any time but only (i) for cause, and (ii) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the issued
and outstanding shares of Common Stock; provided that if a proposal is made to remove a director affiliated with a Related Person ,
then in addition to (i) and (ii) above, such removal shall require the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of Disinterested
Shareholders . 

Shareholders may only take action at an annual
or special meeting of shareholders. Shareholders may not take action by written consent without a meeting of shareholders. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws contain
provisions which could delay or prevent a third party from acquiring shares of our Common Stock or replacing members of our Board of Directors.
As a result, our Board of Directors could make it difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock. 

Further, our Bylaws provide that the size of
the Board of Directors shall be fixed as determined from time to time by the Board. The directors are to be elected at the annual meeting
of the shareholders and each director elected shall hold office until his successor is elected and qualified. Any director or the entire
Board of Directors may be removed only for cause by the holders of a majority of shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.
Any vacancies on our board may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office. 

2 

New York Anti-Takeover Law 

We are subject to Section 912
of the New York Business Corporation Law. With specified exemptions, this statute prohibits a New York corporation from engaging in a
business combination (as defined in Section 912(a)(5)) with an interested shareholder (generally, a person that, shareholder together
with its affiliates and associates, owns 20 percent or more of such corporation s voting stock) for a period of five years after
the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested shareholder. 

Covered business combinations
include certain mergers and consolidations, dispositions of assets or stock, plans for liquidation or dissolution, reclassifications of
securities, recapitalizations and similar transactions. An interested shareholder is generally a shareholder owning at least 20 of a
corporation s outstanding voting stock. 

In addition, New York corporations
may not engage at any time with any interested shareholder in a business combination other than: (i) a business combination approved by
the board of directors before the stock acquisition, or where the acquisition of the stock had been approved by the board of directors
before the stock acquisition; (ii) a business combination approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
voting stock not beneficially owned by the interested shareholder at a meeting for that purpose no earlier than five years after the stock
acquisition; or (iii) a business combination in which the interested shareholder pays a formula price designed to ensure that all other
shareholders receive at least the highest price per share that is paid by the interested shareholder and that meets certain other requirements. 

3 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21>
 3
 f10k2022ex21_iehcorp.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 21 

IEH CORPORATION 

EXHIBIT 21 - SUBSIDIARIES 

None 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-1_iehcorp.htm
 CONSENT OF MARCUM LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statement of IEH Corporation on Form S-8 (File No. 333-224675) of our report dated June 22, 2023, with respect to our
audits of the financial statements of IEH Corporation as of March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and for each of the three years in the period
ended March 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of IEH Corporation for the years ended March 31, 2022,
2021 and 2020. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

 New York, NY 

 June 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_iehcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, David Offerman, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 of IEH Corporation. 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function); 

a) all significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: June 22, 2023 

/s/ David Offerman 

David Offerman 

Chairman of the Board 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_iehcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Subrata Purkayastha, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 of IEH Corporation. 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function); 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: June 22, 2023 

/s/ Subrata Purkayastha 

Subrata Purkayastha 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_iehcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of IEH Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
the undersigned, being, David Offerman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), and Subrata Purkayastha,
Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), of the Company, respectfully certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted
pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of the Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: June 22, 2023 

/s/ David Offerman 
 
 /s/ Subrata Purkayastha 
 
 David Offerman 
 
 Subrata Purkayastha 
 
 Chairman of the Board, President and 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

This Certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be
deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of the Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language
contained in such filing. A signed original of the written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 iehc-20220331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 iehc-20220331_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 iehc-20220331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 iehc-20220331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 iehc-20220331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

