<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1737193_0001683168-23-002444.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1138499</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>326184</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>258876</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>485710</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>5</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002444.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417111619
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002444
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Luduson G Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001737193
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				823184409
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55930
		FILM NUMBER:		23823209

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17/F, 80 GLOUCESTER ROAD
		CITY:			WANCHAI
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852-2818-7199

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17/F, 80 GLOUCESTER ROAD
		CITY:			WANCHAI
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Baja Custom Design, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180411

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002444.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 ludusong_10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 

OR 

o 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 000-55999 

LUDUSON
G InC. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

delaware 
 
 82-3184409 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

17/F, 80 Gloucester Road 

Wanchai, Hong Kong 
 
 00000 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (zip
 code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: + 852 2818 7199 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Common Stock, 0.0001 par value 

 Title of each class 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit such files). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate the number of shares
outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Common Stock 
 
 Outstanding at February 13, 2023 
 
 Common Stock, .0001 par value per share 
 
 28,210,000 shares 

The aggregate market value
of 5,250,000 shares of Common Stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s
second quarter, computed by reference to the closing price reported by the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board on that date is 5,250,000. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS. 

Page 
 
 Part I 

Item 1 
 Description of Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 44 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 44 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 
 
 Part II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 
 
 Item 6 
 Reserved 
 46 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 46 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 51 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 52 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 53 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 53 
 
 Part III 

Item 10 
 Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 54 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 56 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 60 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 61 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 61 
 
 Part IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 62 
 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 63 
 
 Signatures 
 
 64 

i 

INTRODUCTORY COMMENTS 

We
are a Delaware holding company that, through our wholly owned Hong Kong operating subsidiaries, are a business-to-business gaming technology
company. We provide events marketing strategies with a combination of digital interactive solutions and content production services in
Hong Kong. In digital marketing industry, we offer business-to-business digital marketing solutions on our proprietary and secure network,
which accommodates a wide range of devices and theme-based gaming content, including multi-touch table, body motion sensing, indoor positioning
device and electronic circuit system, together with the customized game content, as an integrated marketing solution. We are principally
engaged in developing and distributing digital entertainment - interactive game software and providing system development consultancy,
maintenance services to our customers and providing interactive games installations in shopping mall events, exhibitions and brand promotions. 

We
provide our business customers in the entertainment industry with a full line of custom-made interactive gaming services. In this entertainment
segment, we offer a customized device box with a library of self-developed interactive game contents, such as, sport-themed social games,
motion-sensing action games, logic and puzzle games, original IP characters education game for children, etc., to meet with our business
customers operational use or business-to-business social solutions. 

Our
goal is to provide an innovative and effective interactive solution services to satisfy diverse marketing needs. We are committed to working
at a high-quality standard to address the needs of differing budgets. We provide services to wide range of customer across different industry
segments and regions. 

Our
principal executive and registered offices are located at 17/F, 80 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, telephone number +852-2119 1031. 

We
are not a Chinese operating company but a Delaware holding company with operations conducted through our wholly owned subsidiaries based
in Hong Kong. Our holding company structure presents unique risks as our investors may never directly hold equity interests in our Hong
Kong subsidiaries and will be dependent upon contributions from our subsidiaries to finance our cash flow needs. Our Hong Kong subsidiaries
are currently not required to obtain permission from the Chinese authorities including the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or
CSRC, or Cybersecurity Administration Committee, or CAC, to operate or to issue securities to foreign investors. The business of our subsidiaries
until now are not subject to cybersecurity review with the Cyberspace Administration of China, or CAC, given that: (i) data processed
in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus may not be classified as core or important data by the authorities;
(ii) we do not possess a large amount of personal information in our business operations. In addition, we are not subject to merger control
review by China s anti-monopoly enforcement agency due to the level of our revenues which provided from us and audited by our auditor
and the fact that we currently do not expect to propose or implement any acquisition of control of, or decisive influence over, any company
with revenues within China of more than RMB400 million. Currently, these statements and regulatory actions have had no impact on our daily
business operations, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. However,
since these statements and regulatory actions are new, it is highly uncertain how soon legislative or administrative regulation making
bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated,
if any, and the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation, the ability to accept
foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. 

Further,
in light of the recent statements and regulatory actions by the PRC government, such as those related to Hong Kong s national security,
the promulgation of regulations prohibiting foreign ownership of Chinese companies operating in certain industries, which are constantly
evolving, and anti-monopoly concerns, we may be subject to the risks of uncertainty of any future actions of the PRC government in this
regard, including the risk that we inadvertently conclude that such approvals are not required, that applicable laws, regulations or interpretations
change such that we are required to obtain approvals in the future, which may result in a material change in our operations, including
our ability to continue our existing holding company structure, carry on our current business, accept foreign investments, and offer or
continue to offer securities to our investors, and the resulting adverse change in value to our common stock. We may also be subject to
penalties and sanctions imposed by the PRC regulatory agencies, including the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission, if we fail to
comply with such rules and regulations, which could adversely affect the ability of the Company s securities to continue to trade
on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, which may cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. For
a detailed description of the risks facing the Company and the offering associated with our operations in Hong Kong, please refer to Risk
Factors Risk Factors Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong as disclosed herein. 

ii 

Risk Factor Summary 

In
addition to the foregoing risks, we face various legal and operational risks and uncertainties arising from doing business in Hong Kong
as summarized below and in Risk Factors Risks Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong as disclosed herein. 

Adverse changes in economic and political policies of the PRC government could have a material and adverse effect on overall economic growth in China and Hong Kong, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 

We are a holding company and will rely on dividends paid by our subsidiaries for our cash needs any limitation on the ability of our subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct business. We do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future; you should not buy our stock if you expect dividends. 

PRC regulation of loans to and direct investments in PRC entities by offshore holding companies may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds of this offering to make loans or additional capital contributions to our operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong. 

Substantial uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation of the PRC Foreign Investment Law and how it may impact the viability of our current corporate structure, corporate governance and business operations. 

The Chinese government exerts substantial influence over, and can intervene at any time with little to no advance notice: (i) in the manner in which we operate and conduct our business activities; and (ii) offering conducted overseas and or foreign investment in China-based issuers, which could result in a material change in our operations and or the value of our securities. We are currently not required to obtain approval from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges. However, to the extent that the Chinese government exerts more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in Hong Kong-based issuers over time and if our subsidiaries or the holding company were required to obtain approval in the future and were denied permission from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges, we will not be able to continue listing on a U.S. exchange and the value of our common stock may significantly decline or become worthless, which would materially affect the interest of the investors. 

Governmental control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment. 

We may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. We may be liable for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided by our customers. 

Under the Enterprise Income Tax Law, we may be classified as a Resident Enterprise of China. Such classification will likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders. 

PRC regulation of loans to, and direct investments in, Hong Kong entities by offshore holding companies may delay or prevent us from using proceeds from this offering and/or future financing activities to make loans or additional capital contributions to our Hong Kong operating subsidiaries. 

Failure to comply with PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident Shareholders to personal liability, may limit our ability to acquire Hong Kong and PRC companies or to inject capital into our Hong Kong subsidiaries, may limit the ability of our Hong Kong subsidiaries to distribute profits to us or may otherwise materially and adversely affect us. 

The recent joint statement by the SEC and PCAOB, and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act all call for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. Trading in our securities may be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act and the Accelerating the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or investigate completely our auditor, and that as a result an exchange may determine to delist our securities. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (HFCAA) which would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCAA from three years to two thus reducing the time before our securities may be prohibited from trading or being delisted. On December 2, 2021, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules to implement the HFCAA. Pursuant to the HFCAA, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) issued its report notifying the Commission that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely accounting firms headquartered in mainland China or Hong Kong due to positions taken by authorities in mainland China and Hong Kong. Our auditor is located in Malaysia and not subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. However, in the event the Malaysian authorities subsequently take a position disallowing the PCAOB to inspect our auditor, then we would need to change our auditor to avoid having our securities delisted. Please see Risk Factors- The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act requires the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) to be permitted to inspect the issuer's public accounting firm within three years. This three-year period will be shortened to two years if the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act is enacted. There are uncertainties under the PRC Securities Law relating to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. If the U.S. securities regulatory agencies are unable to conduct such investigations, they may suspend or de-register our registration with the SEC and delist our securities from applicable trading market within the US. 

iii 

You may be subject to PRC income tax on dividends from us or on any gain realized on the transfer of shares of our common stock. 

We face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies. 

We are organized under the laws of the State of Delaware as a holding company that conducts its business through a number of subsidiaries organized under the laws of foreign jurisdictions such as Hong Kong. This may have an adverse impact on the ability of U.S. investors to enforce a judgment obtained in U.S. Courts against these entities, bring actions in Hong Kong against us or our management or to effect service of process on the officers and directors managing the foreign subsidiaries. 

U.S. regulatory bodies may be limited in their ability to conduct investigations or inspections of our operations in Hong Kong. 

There are significant uncertainties under the EIT Law relating to the withholding tax liabilities of PRC subsidiaries, and dividends payable by PRC subsidiaries to our offshore subsidiaries may not qualify to enjoy certain treaty benefits. 

Transfers of Cash to and from Our Subsidiaries 

Luduson G Inc. is a
Delaware holding company with no operations of its own. We conduct our operations in Hong Kong primarily through our subsidiaries in Hong
Kong. We may rely on dividends to be paid by our Hong Kong subsidiaries to fund our cash and financing requirements, including the funds
necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders, to service any debt we may incur and to pay our operating
expenses. If our Hong Kong subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict
their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. 

Luduson G Inc. is permitted
under the Delaware laws to provide funding to our subsidiaries in Hong Kong through loans or capital contributions without restrictions
on the amount of the funds, subject to satisfaction of applicable government registration, approval and filing requirements. Our Hong
Kong subsidiaries are also permitted under the laws of Hong Kong to provide funding to DH Enchantment, Inc. through dividend distribution
without restrictions on the amount of the funds. As of the date of this prospectus, there has been no dividends or distributions among
the holding company or the subsidiaries. 

We currently intend to retain
all available funds and future earnings, if any, for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying
any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our
board of directors after considering our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual requirements, business
prospects and other factors the board of directors deems relevant, and subject to the restrictions contained in any future financing instruments. 

Subject to the Nevada Revised
Statutes and our bylaws, our board of directors may authorize and declare a dividend to shareholders at such time and of such an amount
as they think fit if they are satisfied, on reasonable grounds, that immediately following the dividend the value of our assets will exceed
our liabilities and we will be able to pay our debts as they become due. There is no further Nevada statutory restriction on the amount
of funds which may be distributed by us by dividend. 

Under the current practice
of the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect of dividends paid by us. The laws and
regulations of the PRC do not currently have any material impact on transfer of cash from DH Enchantment, Inc. to Ho Shun Yi Limited or
from Ho Shun Yi Limited to DH Enchantment, Inc. There are no restrictions or limitation under the laws of Hong Kong imposed on the conversion
of HK dollar into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of Hong Kong or across borders and to U.S investors. 

iv 

Current PRC regulations permit
PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to Hong Kong subsidiaries only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with
Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required to set aside at least 10 of
its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its registered capital. Each of
such entity in China is also required to further set aside a portion of its after-tax profits to fund the employee welfare fund, although
the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion of its board of directors. Although the statutory reserves can be
used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained earnings of the respective
companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation. As of the date of this prospectus,
we do not have any PRC subsidiaries. 

The PRC government also imposes
controls on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC. Therefore, we may experience
difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency for the payment of dividends from
our profits, if any. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in the PRC incur debt on their own in the future, the instruments governing the
debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments. If we or our subsidiaries are unable to receive all of the revenues
from our operations, we may be unable to pay dividends on our common stock. 

Cash dividends, if any, on
our common stock will be paid in U.S. dollars. If we are considered a PRC tax resident enterprise for tax purposes, any dividends we pay
to our overseas shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result may be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of
up to 10.0 . 

In order for us to pay dividends
to our shareholders, we will rely on payments made from our Hong Kong subsidiary to DH Enchantment, Inc. If in the future we have PRC
subsidiaries, certain payments from such PRC subsidiaries to Hong Kong subsidiaries will be subject to PRC taxes, including business taxes
and VAT. As of the date of this prospectus, we do not have any PRC subsidiaries and our Hong Kong subsidiary has not made any transfers
or distributions. 

Pursuant to the Arrangement
between Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion on Income,
or the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement, the 10 withholding tax rate may be lowered to 5 if a Hong Kong resident enterprise owns no
less than 25 of a PRC entity. However, the 5 withholding tax rate does not automatically apply and certain requirements must be satisfied,
including, without limitation, that (a) the Hong Kong entity must be the beneficial owner of the relevant dividends; and (b) the Hong
Kong entity must directly hold no less than 25 share ownership in the PRC entity during the 12 consecutive months preceding its receipt
of the dividends. In current practice, a Hong Kong entity must obtain a tax resident certificate from the Hong Kong tax authority to apply
for the 5 lower PRC withholding tax rate. As the Hong Kong tax authority will issue such a tax resident certificate on a case-by-case
basis, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority and
enjoy the preferential withholding tax rate of 5 under the Double Taxation Arrangement with respect to dividends to be paid by a PRC
subsidiary to its immediate holding company. As of the date of this prospectus, we do not have a PRC subsidiary. In the event that we
acquire or form a PRC subsidiary in the future and such PRC subsidiary desires to declare and pay dividends to our Hong Kong subsidiary,
our Hong Kong subsidiary will be required to apply for the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority. In such
event, we plan to inform the investors through SEC filings, such as a current report on Form 8-K, prior to such actions. See Risk
Factors Risk Factors Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong. 

v 

CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical
facts, included in this Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements in the Market Overview and Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s market projections, financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, events or developments which the Company
expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future, including such things as future capital expenditures (including the amount and
nature thereof); expansion and growth of the Company's business and operations; and other such matters are forward-looking statements.
These statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the Company in light of its experience and its perception of historical
trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are appropriate under the circumstances.
However, whether actual results or developments will conform with the Company's expectations and predictions is subject to a number of
risks and uncertainties, including general economic, market and business conditions; the business opportunities (or lack thereof) that
may be presented to and pursued by the Company; changes in laws or regulation; and other factors, most of which are beyond the control
of the Company. 

These forward-looking statements
can be identified by the use of predictive, future-tense or forward-looking terminology, such as believes, anticipates, 
 expects, estimates, plans, may, will, or similar terms. These statements appear
in a number of places in this filing and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company, and its
directors or its officers with respect to, among other things: (i) trends affecting the Company's financial condition or results of operations
for its limited history; (ii) the Company's business and growth strategies; and, (iii) the Company's financing plans. Investors are cautioned
that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve significant risks and uncertainties, and
that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Such
factors that could adversely affect actual results and performance include, but are not limited to, the Company's limited operating history,
potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results and expenses, government regulation, technological change and competition. For information
identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements,
please refer to the Risk Factors section herein. 

Consequently, all of the forward-looking
statements made in this Form 10-K are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results or
developments anticipated by the Company will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequence
to or effects on the Company or its business or operations. The Company assumes no obligations to update any such forward-looking statements. 

vi 

PART I 

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS . 

Overview 

We are a Delaware holding
company that, through our wholly owned Hong Kong operating subsidiaries, are a business-to-business gaming technology company. We provide
events marketing strategies with a combination of digital interactive solutions and content production services in Hong Kong. In digital
marketing industry, we offer business-to-business digital marketing solutions on our proprietary and secure network, which accommodates
a wide range of devices and theme-based gaming content, including multi-touch table, body motion sensing, indoor positioning device and
electronic circuit system, together with the customized game content, as an integrated marketing solution. We are principally engaged
in developing and distributing digital entertainment - interactive game software and providing system development consultancy, maintenance
services to our customers and providing interactive games installations in shopping mall events, exhibitions and brand promotions. 

We provide our business customers
in the entertainment industry with a full line of custom-made interactive gaming services. In this entertainment segment, we offer a customized
device box with a library of self-developed interactive game contents, such as, sport-themed social games, motion-sensing action games,
logic and puzzle games, original IP characters education game for children, etc., to meet with our business customers operational
use or business-to-business social solutions. 

Our goal is to provide an
innovative and effective interactive solution services to satisfy diverse marketing needs. We are committed to working at a high-quality
standard to address the needs of differing budgets. We provide services to wide range of customer across different industry segments and
regions. 

Our principal executive and
registered offices are located at 17/F, 80 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, telephone number +852-2119 1031. 

We
are not a Chinese operating company but a Delaware holding company with operations conducted through our wholly owned subsidiaries based
in Hong Kong. Our holding company structure presents unique risks as our investors may never directly hold equity interests in our Hong
Kong subsidiaries and will be dependent upon contributions from our subsidiaries to finance our cash flow needs. Our Hong Kong subsidiaries
are currently not required to obtain permission from the Chinese authorities including the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or
CSRC, or Cybersecurity Administration Committee, or CAC, to operate or to issue securities to foreign investors. The business of our subsidiaries
until now are not subject to cybersecurity review with the Cyberspace Administration of China, or CAC, given that: (i) data processed
in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus may not be classified as core or important data by the authorities;
(ii) we do not possess a large amount of personal information in our business operations. In addition, we are not subject to merger control
review by China s anti-monopoly enforcement agency due to the level of our revenues which provided from us and audited by our auditor
and the fact that we currently do not expect to propose or implement any acquisition of control of, or decisive influence over, any company
with revenues within China of more than RMB400 million. Currently, these statements and regulatory actions have had no impact on our daily
business operations, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. However,
since these statements and regulatory actions are new, it is highly uncertain how soon legislative or administrative regulation making
bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated,
if any, and the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation, the ability to accept
foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. 

1 

Further,
in light of the recent statements and regulatory actions by the PRC government, such as those related to Hong Kong s national security,
the promulgation of regulations prohibiting foreign ownership of Chinese companies operating in certain industries, which are constantly
evolving, and anti-monopoly concerns, we may be subject to the risks of uncertainty of any future actions of the PRC government in this
regard, including the risk that we inadvertently conclude that such approvals are not required, that applicable laws, regulations or interpretations
change such that we are required to obtain approvals in the future, which may result in a material change in our operations, including
our ability to continue our existing holding company structure, carry on our current business, accept foreign investments, and offer or
continue to offer securities to our investors, and the resulting adverse change in value to our common stock. We may also be subject to
penalties and sanctions imposed by the PRC regulatory agencies, including the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission, if we fail to
comply with such rules and regulations, which could adversely affect the ability of the Company s securities to continue to trade
on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, which may cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. For
a detailed description of the risks facing the Company and the offering associated with our operations in Hong Kong, please refer to Risk
Factors Risk Factors Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong . 

History 

We were established as part
of the Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Pacific Shores Development, Inc. PSD ). PSD and its subsidiary, Jovanovic-Steele,
were in the real estate development business, and the real estate crash and the recession of 2008 made it impossible for them to obtain
the financing needed to carry on their projects. In 2010, PSD filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. The U.S. Bankruptcy Court for
the Southern District of California ordered the incorporation of the Company and the distribution of the following securities: 

80,000 shares of the Company s common stock were distributed to all general unsecured creditors of PSD on a pro rata basis according to amount of debt held; 

500,000 shares of the Company s common stock were distributed to all administrative creditors of PSD, with these creditors receiving one share of common stock in the Company for each 0.10 of PSD's administrative debt held; 

2,500,000 common stock purchase warrants of the Company were distributed to all administrative creditors of PSD, with these creditors receiving five common stock purchase warrants of the Company for each 0.10 of PSD's administrative debt held. The 2,500,000 warrants consisted of 500,000 A Warrants each convertible into one share of common stock at an exercise price of 4.00; 500,000 B Warrants each convertible into one share of common stock at an exercise price of 5.00; 500,000 C Warrants each convertible into one share of common stock at an exercise price of 6.00; 500,000 D Warrants each convertible into one share of common stock at an exercise price of 7.00; and 500,000 E Warrants each convertible into one share of common stock at an exercise price of 8.00. All warrants are exercisable at any time prior to August 30, 2020. 

The exercise price of the
warrants was reduced to 0.10 per share on April 7, 2020, and on April 15, 2020, the warrant expiration date was extended to August 30,
2025. 

On March 6, 2014, we issued
20,000 common shares for services at par value, 0.0001 per share, for total value of 2. On June 16, 2014, we issued a total of 15,000,000
common shares for services at par value, 0.0001 per share, for total value of 1,500. On August 1, 2017, we issued a total of 10,000
common shares for services at par value, 0.0001 per share, for a total value of 1. 

On April 3, 2020, the Company,
Linda Masters, our Chief Executive Officer and President, entered into that certain Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA ),
pursuant to which Ms. Masters agreed to sell to Lan CHAN 14,960,000 shares of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 (the Shares ),
representing approximately 95.8 of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company, for aggregate consideration of Three Hundred
Ninety One Thousand Dollars 391,000) in accordance with the terms and conditions of the SPA. The acquisition of the Shares consummated
on April 15, 2020, and was purchased by Lan CHAN with his personal funds. As a result of the acquisition, Mr. Chan holds a controlling
interest in the Company and may unilaterally determine the election of the Board and other substantive matters requiring approval of the
Company s stockholders. 

2 

Upon the consummation of the
sale of the Shares, Linda Masters, our Chief Executive Officer, President and director, and Kathleen Chula, our Vice President and Director,
resigned from all of their positions with the Company, effective April 15, 2020. Their resignations were not due to any dispute or disagreement
with the Company on any matter relating to the Company's operations, policies or practices. 

Concurrently with such resignations,
Lan CHAN was appointed to serve as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary and sole Director of the
Company, until the next annual meeting of stockholders of the Company and until such director s successor is elected and qualified
or until such director s earlier death, resignation or removal. None of the directors or executive officers has a direct family
relationship with any of the Company s directors or executive officers, or any person nominated or chosen by the Company to become
a director or executive officer. Mr. Chan will serve in his positions without compensation. The Company hopes to enter into a compensatory
arrangement with each officer in the future. 

Acquisition of LHCL 

On
May 8, 2020, we executed a Share Exchange Agreement, or the Share Exchange Agreement, with Luduson Holding Company Limited,
a limited liability company organized under the laws of British Virgin Islands, or LHCL, and the shareholders of LHCL. Pursuant
to the Share Exchange Agreement, we purchased Ten Thousand (10,000) shares of LHCL, or the LHCL Shares, representing all
of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of LHCL. As consideration, we agreed to issue to the shareholders of LHCL Ten Million
(10,000,000) shares of our common stock, at a value of US 0.10 per share, for an aggregate value of US 1,000,000. We consummated the
acquisition of LHCL on May 22, 2020. LHCL is a business-to-business gaming technology company. As a result of our acquisition of LHCL,
we entered into the business-to-business gaming technology industry. As a result of the acquisition, our corporate structure is
below: 

(1) 
 Luduson G Inc. was incorporated in the state of Delaware on March 6, 2014. 

(2) 
 Luduson Holding Company Limited is a holding company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. 

(3) 
 Luduson Entertainment Limited is a sales and marketing company incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong. 

(4) 
 G Music Asia Limited is an event planning company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. 

3 

Investment Agreement
with Strattner Alternative Credit Fund LP 

The
Company is a party to an Investment Agreement dated as of April 6, 2021, or the Investment Agreement, with Strattner pursuant
to which Strattner is committed to purchase up to 5,000,000, or the Strattner Total Commitment, worth of the Company s
common stock, 0.0001 par value, over the 36-month term of the Investment Agreement. 

From
time to time over the term of the Investment Agreement, commencing on the trading day immediately following the date on which the initial
registration statement is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the Commission, as further discussed
below, the Company may, in its sole discretion, provide Strattner with written notices, or a Strattner Put Notice, stating
the amount of Common Shares of the Company that the Company intends to sell to Strattner, or the Strattner Put Amount, with
each put subject to the limitations discussed below. The maximum amount of common stock that the Company shall be entitled to put to Strattner
under any applicable put notice, or the Maximum Strattner Put Amount, shall be an amount of shares up to or equal to 200 
of the average of the daily trading volume of our common stock for the ten (10) consecutive trading days immediately prior to the applicable
date on which we make our put to Strattner, so long as such amount is at least 5,000 and does not exceed 250,000, as calculated by multiplying
the number of shares under our put by the average daily volume weighted average price for the 10 consecutive trading days immediately
prior to the applicable date we submit our put to Strattner. 

Once
presented with a Strattner Put Notice, Strattner is required to purchase the number of Strattner Put Shares underlying the Strattner Put
Notice. The per share purchase price for the Common Shares subject to a Strattner Put Notice shall be equal to 85 of the lowest volume
weighted average price of the Common Shares during the five (5) consecutive trading days including and immediately following the applicable
Strattner Put Notice date, provided, however, an additional 10 will be added to the discount of each Put if (i) the Company is not DWAC
eligible and (ii) an additional 15 will be added to the discount of each Put if the Company is under DTC chill status on
the applicable Strattner Put Notice Date. 

Among
other conditions, the Company is prohibited from issuing a Strattner Put Notice if (i) the amount requested in such Strattner Put Notice
exceeds Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 250,000), as calculated by multiplying the Strattner Put Amount by the average daily VWAP
for the ten (10) consecutive trading days immediately prior to the applicable Strattner Put Notice Date, (ii) the sale of Shares pursuant
to such Strattner Put Notice would cause the Company to issue or sell or Strattner to acquire or purchase an aggregate dollar value of
Shares that would exceed Five Million Dollars 5,000,0000), or (iii) the sale of Shares pursuant to the Strattner Put Notice would cause
the Company to sell or Strattner to purchase an aggregate number of shares of the Company s common stock which would result in beneficial
ownership by Strattner of more than 9.99 of the Company s common stock (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder). The Company cannot make more than one put in any pricing
period and must allow 10 days to elapse between the completion of the settlement of any one put and the commencement of a pricing period
for any other put. 

Registration Rights
Agreement with Strattner Alternative Credit Fund LP 

In
connection with the execution of the Investment Agreement, on April 6, 2021, the Company and Strattner also entered into a Registration
Rights Agreement, or the Strattner Registration Rights Agreement. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company
has agreed to file an initial registration statement, the Registration Statement, with the Commission to register an agreed
upon number of Strattner Put Shares, on or prior to July 5, 2021, or the Filing Deadline, and have it declared effective
on or before the 150th calendar day the Company has filed the Registration Rights Agreement, or the Effectiveness Deadline. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company is not obligated to file Registration Statements with respect to securities not
issued pursuant to the Investment Agreement. 

If
at any time all of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) are not covered by the initial Registration
Statement, the Company has agreed to file with the Commission one or more additional Registration Statements so as to cover all of the
Registrable Securities not covered by such initial Registration Statement, in each case, as soon as practicable, but in no event later
than the applicable filing deadline for such additional Registration Statements as provided in the Registration Rights Agreement. 

4 

Equity Purchase Agreement
with Williamsburg Venture Holdings, LLC 

The
Company is a party to an Equity Purchase Agreement dated August 20, 2021, or the Equity Purchase Agreement, pursuant to
which Williamsburg is committed to purchase up to 30,000,000 worth of the Company s common stock, 0.0001 par value, over the 36-month
term of the Equity Purchase Agreement, or the Williamsburg Total Commitment . From time to time over the term of the Equity
Purchase Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, provide Williamsburg with written notices, or a Williamsburg Put Notice, 
stating the amount of Common Shares of the Company that the Company intends to sell to Williamsburg, or the Williamsburg Put Amount. 
Once presented with a Williamsburg Put Notice, Williamsburg is required to purchase the number of Williamsburg Put Shares underlying the
Williamsburg Put Notice with each put subject to the limitations discussed below. 

The
per share purchase price for the Williamsburg Put Shares shall be equal to 88 the lowest traded price of the Common Stock on the principal
market during the five (5) consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date which Williamsburg received the Williamsburg Put Shares
as DWAC Shares in its brokerage account (as reported by Bloomberg Finance L.P., Quotestream, or other reputable source). 

The
exercise of each put option is subject to the following limitations: 

(i) 
 each investment amount must be at least than 25,000 and not in excess of an amount that equals the lesser of (i) 200 of the average daily trading volume, and (ii) 500,000; 

(ii) 
 the aggregate investment amount of all option puts shall not exceed 30,000,000; 

(iii) 
 the lowest traded price of the Common Stock in the five trading days preceding the respective Put Date must exceed 0.01 per share; and 

(iv) 
 at least ten trading days must have lapsed since the most recent Put Notice. 

The
Equity Purchase Agreement provides that the number of Williamsburg Put Shares to be sold to Williamsburg shall not exceed the number of
shares that when aggregated together with all other shares of the Company s common stock which Williamsburg is deemed to beneficially
own, would result in Williamsburg owning more than 4.99 of the Company s outstanding common stock (as calculated pursuant to Section
13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder). The Equity Purchase Agreement provides
that any provision of the Investment Agreement may be amended or waived only by an instrument in writing signed by the party to be charged
with enforcement. 

The
Company has paid to Williamsburg a commitment fee equal in the form of 100,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the
 Williamsburg Initial Commitment Shares ). 

Registration Rights
Agreement with Williamsburg Venture Holdings, LLC 

In
connection with the Equity Purchase Agreement, on August 20, 2021, the Company and Williamsburg also entered into a Registration Rights
Agreement, or the Williamsburg Registration Rights Agreement. Pursuant to the Williamsburg Registration Rights Agreement,
the Company has agreed to file an initial registration statement, or the Registration Statement, with the Commission to
register the Williamsburg Initial Commitment Shares and that number of Williamsburg Put Shares as set forth in the Williamsburg Registration
Rights Agreement, within 90 days after the execution date, or the Filing Deadline. . 

If
at any time all of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) are not covered by the initial Registration
Statement, the Company has agreed to file with the Commission one or more additional Registration Statements so as to cover all of the
Registrable Securities not covered by such initial Registration Statement, in each case, as soon as practicable, but in no event later
than the applicable filing deadline for such additional Registration Statements as provided in the Registration Rights Agreement. 

5 

Our Products and Services 

We
provide a wide range of interactive game software that targets customers in Hong Kong and China. Notably a number of the games developed,
operated or published by us are game adaptations of famous or popular literature, comics or animations. Our game library includes more
than 100 games. Our game library consists of our self/co-developed games and third-party developed games. Our self/co-developed
games generate revenue primarily from grant a right-to-use to our clients who subscribe to our games via an online portal. Clients are
able to select from a wide range of games and download them from our portal. 

For
shopping malls, exhibition organizers and brand owners, we provide customized interactive games according to the intellectual properties,
licenses or brands and offer technical consultancy services, including system deployment, service maintenance and user analytics. After
initial commercialization or game launch with specific literature, comics or animations, we would further reuse the game engine to generate
another game title with our self-developed characters. The newly developed interactive game will be included to our game library, and
provide another stream of revenue, i.e. game license. 

Markets and Regions 

With
the development of digital technology, interactive gaming and its applications have increased their footprint in the marketplace. Interactive
gaming involves Sound Design, Interface Design, Design Simulation, Navigation Design, Application Design, etc. Today, interactive
technology is used in art and games including in museums, commercial special exhibitions, marketing, mutual media, business innovation,
theme parks, etc. We communicate with business customers to assist them in converting their thought into feasible technology, as part
of their B2B marketing strategies and solutions to appeal to their target audience in the launch of their marketing events and campaigns. 

Traditional
forms of gaming such as PC game and online games with its single form of display are gradually being replaced by interactive gaming. The
wide application of interactive game has attracted the attention of the public, mobilizing the enthusiasm of participants. We believe
that, in the near future, the multimedia interactive games will be well-accepted, especially in Hong Kong and China. We believe that interactive
games will become the trend in the 21th century globally. 

Currently,
we derive revenue from two main business segments: digital marketing and entertainment. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
our entertainment revenues accounted for 100 of our revenues as follows: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

US 
 US 
 
 Digital marketing 
 
 693,304 
 
 Entertainment 
 52,361 
 308,134 

52,361 
 1,001,438 

We
commenced our operations in Hong Kong. Our services and products are marketed and sold in Hong Kong and China. 

During the years ended December
31, 2021 and 2020, our revenues are attributable from the following regions: 

Region 
 
 Revenue Percentage 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Revenue Percentage 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Hong Kong 
 100 
 70 
 
 China 
 
 30 
 
 All other regions 

6 

Digital
Marketing 

In
Hong Kong, we usually co-operate with shopping malls, exhibition organizers, brand owners and marketing agency, offering events marketing
strategies with the combination of intellectual-property or branding interactive game solutions in order to provide entertainment experiences
to our target audience and increase attractions to the venue. 

Entertainment 

For
the entertainment industry, the marketing strategy is slightly different. We offer and provide the library of our custom-made game contents
in a customized computer device through a plug and play model for business-to-business (B2B) content aggregation used by their operators.
Our device is easily connected to TV sets and our game contents are freely distributed to play for leisure and entertainment, such as,
sport-themed social games, motion-sensing action games, logic and puzzle games, original IP characters education games for children, etc. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the following customers represented 10 or more of our revenues: 

Revenues 
(US 

Percentages of 
Revenues 

Accounts 
Receivable (US 

Ease Audio Group Limited 

52,361 

100 

19,211 

Total: 

52,361 

100 

19,211 

As
of December 31, 2021, the following customers represented 10 or more of our revenues: 

Revenues 
(US 

Percentages of 
Revenues 

Accounts 
Receivable (US 

Ease Audio Group Limited 

693,304 

70 

2,427,487 

Yu Lin Nuo Ya Interactive Entertainment Company Limited 

154,067 

15 

1,509,812 

Shenzhen Jiu Sheng Optoelectronic Comm Tech Co., Ltd 

154,067 

15 

1,164,531 

Total: 

1,001,438 

100 

5,101,830 

Our Strategies 

We
are focused on executing on key strategies to achieve long-term growth in revenues, profit and cash flow. We seek to achieve our targets
by delivering innovative and differentiated products that provide value to our clients and exciting experiences. We place great emphasis
on developing creative solutions, in terms of interactive game and play, that deliver and sustain superior performance primarily for distributed
gaming. This networked strategy often allows us to update our games and operating software remotely, keeping pace with evolving requirements
in game play, security, technology and regulations. 

7 

Our
primary objectives are (i) to strengthen our position as an operator and developer in the interactive game industry in Hong Kong and China
and (ii) to actively expand into overseas markets in respect of self/co-developed games. To this end, we plan to pursue the following
business strategies: 

expand our game portfolio through developing more high-quality self/co-developed games and introducing licensed games with a focus on interactive games; 

continue to secure development rights for popular literatures, comics and animations; 

fully utilize existing games and development rights to broaden our revenue stream; 

enhance our game development capacity and increase the investment in game technology to increase the number of self-developed games; 

consolidate our market position and enhance our marketing efforts; 

pursue strategic alliances and acquisition opportunities; 

further expand into the interactive gaming market in China; 

broaden reach into international markets; and 

pursue strategic acquisitions and partnerships 

We
currently develop and operate interactive games. To maximize the value of our self/co-developed games, we intend to explore market opportunities
of other geographic markets by offering other language versions (such as English or Malay or Chinese versions) of our self/co-developed
games. 

We
strive to introduce high-quality games and deliver a superior game experience to our customers in order to retain their interest in our
games. It is our constant endeavour to elevate the awareness of our brand-name in order to associate our brand with high-quality games
and appealing game experience. This is achieved through investments in our game development team and staff, upgrades of software such
as game engines, game-designing tools, and the acquisition of hardware to accommodate increasing technical demands for operating the games.
Furthermore, we believe that our investment in technology, both in terms of hardware and software, would raise the barrier to entry for
future competitors as well as maintaining our competitive edge against existing competitors. 

8 

Here
are some rolling campaigns with the distribution of interactive game contents in the marketing events. 

9 

Here is our customized
 computer device with a full line of our custom-made interactive game contents to offer the entertainment service, which we install a variety
 of digital games, such as: 

sport-themed social games, 
 
 motion-sensing action games, 
 
 logic and puzzle games, 
 
 original IP characters education game for children, etc. 

Examples
of cartoon-themed game and motion-sensing action game. 

10 

Development and Modification 

Our project team in our technical
department is responsible for creating game logic, in-game graphics as long as music and sound effect. The project team may further adopt
other interactive technologies such as augmented reality (AR), virtual reality (VR), mixed reality (MR), human motion sensing, gesture
control, location-based detection, projection mapping and other special effects to our game so as to maximize the gaming experience for
our players. We engage external service providers for the soundtracks, motion pictures and part of the artwork associated with the game.
We also engage external third party services providers for special-themed game artwork. 

During the development process,
our project team will test-play the game to look for errors, bugs, lagging, faulty designs and etc. This is a continuous process until
the project manager is satisfied with the performance and the overall playability of the alpha version. 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND PATENTS 

We expect to rely on, trade
secrets, copyrights, know-how, trademarks, license agreements and contractual provisions to establish our intellectual property rights
and protect our Luduson brand, as well as its related products and services. These legal means, however, afford only limited
protection and may not adequately protect our rights. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights,
protect our trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation could result in substantial
costs and diversion of resources and management attention. 

The laws of Hong Kong, China
and our target countries may not protect our brand and services and intellectual property to the same extent as U.S. laws, if at all.
We may be unable to fully protect our intellectual property rights in these countries. Further, companies in the internet, social media
technology and other industries may own large numbers of patents, copyrights and trademarks and may frequently request license agreements,
threaten litigation or file suit against us based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. 

We intend to seek the widest
possible protection for significant product and process developments in our major markets through a combination of copyrights, trade secrets,
trademarks, patents, confidentiality provisions and procedures and other contractual provisions, if applicable. We anticipate that the
form of protection will vary depending upon the level of protection afforded by the particular jurisdiction. We expect that our revenue
will be derived principally from our operations in Hong Kong and China where intellectual property protection may be limited and difficult
to enforce. In such instances, we may seek protection of our intellectual property through measures taken to increase the confidentiality
of our findings. 

We intend to register trademarks
as a means of protecting the brand names of our companies and products. We intend protect our trademarks against infringement and also
seek to register design protection where appropriate. 

We rely on trade secrets and
unpatentable know-how that we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements. We expect that, where applicable, we will require
our employees to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment with us. We expect these agreements to provide
that all confidential information developed or made known to the individual during the course of the individual's relationship with us
is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific limited circumstances. The agreements will also provide
that all inventions conceived by the individual while rendering services to us shall be assigned to us as the exclusive property of our
company. There can be no assurance, however, that all persons who we desire to sign such agreements will sign, or if they do, that these
agreements will not be breached, that we would have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets or unpatentable know-how
will not otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. 

11 

We also devote financial and
operational resources to implement systems, processes and technologies to guard against cyber events and to help protect our intellectual
property, employee and consumer data and information technology systems against intrusions or other security breaches. In addition, we
engage in activities designed to limit the impact of abuse of our digital products and services, including monitoring our games for evidence
of exploitation and re-balancing our game environments in the event that such abuse is discovered. 

COMPETITION 

Competition in the game industry
is intense in Hong Kong and China. We compete with other game developers, operators and publishers of interactive games in Hong Kong and
China. We may also face competition from emerging mobile game developers, operators and publishers, as well as some traditional online
PC game companies that are entering the mobile game market. The game industry is fragmented and sensitive to price and service. We believe
the principal competitive factors in our market include the following: 

strong in-house game development expertise with a track record of successful games and robust pipeline; 

leading publishing platform; 

large game portfolio and diversified publishing network; and 

collaborative culture led by a stable management team. 

local presence and understanding of local business trends; 

ability to minimize the time-to-market of the game solutions; 

ability to build up a high volume of game titles in the library; 

ability to form partnership with famous IP and brand owners; 

ability to assist our client to generate positive feedback on adopting our products; and 

strength and recognition of our brand. 

Although we believe we compete
favorably on the factors described above, many of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, significantly
greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, larger product and services offerings, larger customer base and greater brand
recognition. These factors may allow our competitors to benefit from their existing customer base with lower development costs or to respond
more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. 

These competitors may engage
in more extensive research and development efforts, undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns and adopt more aggressive pricing
policies, which may allow them to build a larger customer base more effectively than us. Our competitors may develop products or services
that are similar to our products and services or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products and services. In addition, although
we do not believe that customer payment terms are a principal competitive factor in our market, they may become such a factor, and we
may be unable to compete on such terms. 

12 

EMPLOYEES 

As of March 23, 2023, we have
the following full time employees: 

Administration / Finance 
 3 
 
 Total 
 3 

We work with our programmers
and developers on a contractual basis as they are not employees of the Company. 

All of our employees are
located in Hong Kong. None of our employees are members of a trade union. We believe that we maintain good relationships with our employees
and have not experienced any strikes or shutdowns and have not been involved in any labor disputes. 

GOVERNMENT AND INDUSTRY REGULATIONS 

Our
business is located in Hong Kong and is subject to the laws and regulations of Hong Kong governing businesses concerning, in particular
labor, occupational safety and health, contracts, tort and intellectual property. Furthermore, we need to comply with the rules and regulations
of Hong Kong governing the data usage and regular terms of service applicable to our potential customers or clients. As the information
of our potential customers or clients is preserved in Hong Kong, we need to comply with the Hong Kong Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance. 

If
PRC authorities reinterpret PRC laws to apply to Hong Kong companies, we may become subject to the laws and regulations of China governing
businesses in general, including labor, occupational safety and health, contracts, tort and intellectual property. We may also become
subject to foreign exchange regulations might limit our ability to convert foreign currency into Renminbi or Hong Kong Dollars, acquire
any other PRC companies, establish VIEs in the PRC, or make dividend payments from any future WFOEs to us. 

Hong
Kong 

The
Employment Ordinance is the main piece of legislation governing conditions of employment in Hong Kong since 1968. It covers a comprehensive
range of employment protection and benefits for employees, including Wage Protection, Rest Days, Holidays with Pay, Paid Annual Leave,
Sickness Allowance, Maternity Protection, Statutory Paternity Leave, Severance Payment, Long Service Payment, Employment Protection, Termination
of Employment Contract, Protection Against Anti-Union Discrimination. In addition, every employer must take out employees compensation
insurance to protect the claims made by employees in respect of accidents occurred during the course of their employment. 

An
employer must also comply with all legal obligations under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance, (CAP485). These include enrolling
all qualifying employees in MPF schemes and making MPF contributions for them. Except for exempt persons, employer should enroll both
full-time and part-time employees who are at least 18 but under 65 years of age in an MPF scheme within the first 60 days of employment.
The 60-day employment rule does not apply to casual employees in the construction and catering industries. Pursuant to the said Ordinance,
we are required to make MPF contributions for our Hong Kong employees once every contribution period (generally the wage period within
1 month). Employers and employees are each required to make regular mandatory contributions of 5 of the employee s relevant income
to an MPF scheme, subject to the minimum and maximum relevant income levels. For a monthly-paid employee, the minimum and maximum relevant
income levels are 7,100 and 30,000, respectively. 

13 

China 

Depending
upon the political climate, we may also become subject to the laws and regulations of China governing businesses in general, including
labor, occupational safety and health, contracts, tort and intellectual property. We may also become subject to foreign exchange regulations
might limit our ability to convert foreign currency into Renminbi, acquire PRC companies, or make dividend payments to ENMI. 

Regulations
on Tax 

PRC
Corporate Income Tax 

The
PRC corporate income tax, or CIT, is calculated based on the taxable income determined under the applicable CIT Law and its implementation
rules, which became effective on January 1, 2008 and amended on February 24, 2017 and December 29, 2018 respectively. The CIT Law imposes
a uniform corporate income tax rate of 25 on all resident enterprises in China, including foreign-invested enterprises. 

Uncertainties
exist with respect to how the CIT Law applies to the tax residence status of the Company and our offshore subsidiaries. Under the CIT
Law, an enterprise established outside of China with a de facto management body within China is considered a resident
enterprise, which means that it is treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for corporate income tax purposes. Although
the implementation rules of the CIT Law define de facto management body as a managing body that exercises substantive and
overall management and control over the production and business, personnel, accounting books and assets of an enterprise, the only official
guidance for this definition currently available is set forth in Circular 82 issued by the State Administration of Taxation, which provides
guidance on the determination of the tax residence status of a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise, defined as an enterprise
that is incorporated under the laws of a foreign country or territory and that has a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as its primary
controlling shareholder. Although the Company does not have a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as our primary controlling shareholder
and is therefore not a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise within the meaning of Circular 82, in the absence of guidance
specifically applicable to us, we have made reference to the guidance set forth in Circular 82 to evaluate the tax residence status of
the Company and our subsidiaries organized outside the PRC. 

According to Circular 82,
a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise will be regarded as a PRC tax resident by virtue of having a de facto management
body in China and will be subject to PRC corporate income tax on its worldwide income only if all of the following criteria are
met: 

the primary location of the day-to-day operational management is in the PRC; 

decisions relating to the enterprise s financial and human resource matters are made or are subject to approval by organizations or personnel in the PRC; 

the enterprise s primary assets, accounting books and records, company seals, and board and shareholders meeting minutes are located or maintained in the PRC; and 

50 or more of voting board members or senior executives habitually reside in the PRC. 

14 

Currently,
our Hong Kong entities are not considered entities inside China and therefore not deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes
as defined above. However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties
remain with respect to the interpretation of the term de facto management body. As all of our management members are based
in Hong Kong, it remains unclear how the tax residency rule will apply to our case. If the PRC tax authorities determine that we or any
of our subsidiaries outside of China is a PRC resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, then we or such subsidiary could
be subject to PRC tax at a rate of 25 on its world-wide income, as our entity enterprise in China is an state high-tech enterprise, it
is possible to be impose 15 enterprise income tax on state high-tech enterprises in accordance with provisions of the Chinese tax law,
thus materially reducing our net income. In addition, we will also be subject to PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. Furthermore,
if the PRC tax authorities determine that we are a PRC resident enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes, gains realized on the sale
or other disposition of our ordinary shares may be subject to PRC tax, at a rate of 10 in the case of non-PRC enterprises or 20 in the
case of non-PRC individuals (in each case, subject to the provisions of any applicable tax treaty), if such gains are deemed to be from
PRC sources. It is unclear whether non-PRC shareholders of our company would be able to claim the benefits of any tax treaties between
their country of tax residence and the PRC in the event that we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise. Any such tax may reduce the
returns on your investment in our common stock. 

Value-Added
Tax and Business Tax 

The
Provisional Regulations of the PRC on Value-added Tax VAT were promulgated by the State Council on December 13, 1993 and
came into effect on January 1, 1994 which were subsequently amended on November 10, 2008, February 6, 2016 and November 19, 2017. The
Detailed Rules for the Implementation of the Provisional Regulations of the PRC on Value-added Tax (Revised in 2011) were promulgated
by the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation SAT on 28 October 2011 and came into effect on November
1, 2011 (collectively, the VAT Law ). According to the VAT Law, all enterprises and individuals engaged in the sale of goods,
the provision of processing, repair and replacement services, and the importation of goods within the territory of the PRC must pay value-added
tax. For general VAT taxpayers selling or importing goods other than those specifically listed in the VAT Law, the VAT rate is 17 . Starting
from April 1, 2019, the VAT rate for revenue generated from providing products was changed from 16 into 13 . VAT is reported as a deduction
of revenue when incurred. Entities that are VAT general taxpayers are allowed to offset qualified input VAT paid to suppliers against
their output VAT liabilities. Net VAT balance between input VAT and output VAT is recorded in taxes payable. 

On
March 23, 2016, the Ministry of Finance and the SAT jointly issued the Circular on Full Implementation of Business Tax to Value-added
Tax Reform which has been partially repealed on July 1, 2017 and January 1, 2018, confirms that business tax would be completely replaced
by VAT from May 1, 2016. 

Regulations
Relating to Foreign Exchange and Dividend Distribution 

Foreign
Exchange Regulations 

The
principal regulations governing foreign currency exchange in China are the Foreign Exchange Administration Regulations. Under the PRC
foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, such as profit distributions and trade and service-related foreign exchange
transactions, may be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. By contrast, approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities
is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment
of foreign currency-denominated loans or foreign currency is to be remitted into China under the capital account, such as a capital increase
or foreign currency loans to PRC subsidiaries. Our operating currency is the Hong Kong Dollar. If PRC authorities reinterpret foreign
exchange regulations to include the Hong Kong Dollar, then we may become subject to the regulations affecting foreign exchange and dividend
distributions as set forth herein. 

15 

In
November 2012, SAFE promulgated the Circular of Further Improving and Adjusting Foreign Exchange Administration Policies on Foreign Direct
Investment. Pursuant to this circular, the opening of various special purpose foreign exchange accounts, such as pre-establishment expense
accounts, foreign exchange capital accounts and guarantee accounts, the reinvestment of RMB proceeds by foreign investors in the PRC,
and remittance of foreign exchange profits and dividends by a foreign-invested enterprise to its foreign shareholders no longer require
the approval or verification of SAFE, and multiple capital accounts for the same entity may be opened in different provinces, which was
not possible previously. In addition, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Printing and Distributing the Provisions on Foreign Exchange Administration
over Domestic Direct Investment by Foreign Investors and the Supporting Documents in May 2013, which specifies that the administration
by SAFE or its local branches over direct investment by foreign investors in the PRC shall be conducted by way of registration and banks
shall process foreign exchange business relating to the direct investment in the PRC based on the registration information provided by
SAFE and its branches. 

Additionally,
pursuant to the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Further Simplifying and Improving the Direct Investment related
Foreign Exchange Administration Policies SAFE Notice No. 13 ), which was promulgated on February 13, 2015 and became effective
on June 1, 2015, the foreign exchange registration in relation to foreign direct investment shall be directly reviewed and handled by
qualified banks in accordance with SAFE Notice No. 13, and SAFE and its branches shall perform indirect regulation over the foreign exchange
registration via qualified banks. 

We
typically do not need to use our offshore foreign currency to fund our Hong Kong operations. In the event we need to do so, we may be
required to apply to obtain the relevant approvals of, registration or filing with SAFE and other PRC government authorities as necessary. 

On
August 29, 2008, SAFE issued the Circular on the Relevant Operating Issues Concerning the Improvement of the Administration of the Payment
and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises, or SAFE Circular 142. Pursuant to SAFE Circular 142, RMB resulting
from the settlement of foreign currency capital of a foreign-invested enterprise must be used within the business scope as approved by
the applicable government authority and cannot be used for domestic equity investment, unless it is otherwise approved. Documents certifying
the purposes of the settlement of foreign currency capital into RMB, including a business contract, must also be submitted for the settlement
of the foreign currency. In addition, SAFE strengthened its oversight of the flow and use of RMB capital converted from foreign currency
registered capital of a foreign-invested company. The use of such RMB capital may not be altered without SAFE s approval, and such
RMB capital may not be used to repay RMB loans if such loans have not been used. Violations of SAFE Circular 142 could result in severe
monetary fines or penalties. We expect that our use of RMB funds have been, and will be, within the approved business scope of our PRC
subsidiary. We believe that our PRC subsidiary is permitted to conduct its castor seeds distribution operations and provide consulting
services to castor farmers. However, we may not be able to use such RMB funds to make equity investments in the PRC through our PRC subsidiaries.
There are no costs associated with applying for registration or approval of loans or capital contributions with or from relevant PRC governmental
authorities, other than nominal processing charges. Under PRC laws and regulations, the PRC governmental authorities are required to process
such approvals or registrations or deny our application within a prescribed time period, which is usually less than 90 days. The actual
time taken, however, may be longer due to administrative delays. If we are required to obtain these registrations or approvals, we cannot
assure you that we will be able to obtain these government registrations or approvals on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to our
operations in Hong Kong. If we fail to receive such registrations or approvals, our ability to use the proceeds from our funds to capitalize
our Hong Kong operations may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and ability to fund and
expand our business. 

16 

SAFE
Circular 37 

SAFE
promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents Offshore Investment and Financing
and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, on July 4, 2014, which replaced the former circular commonly
known as SAFE Circular 75 promulgated by SAFE on October 21, 2005. SAFE Circular 37 requires PRC residents to register with
local branches of SAFE in connection with their direct establishment or indirect control of an offshore entity, for the purpose of overseas
investment and financing, with such PRC residents legally owned assets or equity interests in domestic enterprises or offshore
assets or interests, referred to in SAFE Circular 37 as a special purpose vehicle. SAFE Circular 37 further requires amendment
to the registration in the event of any significant changes with respect to the special purpose vehicle, such as increase or decrease
of capital contributed by PRC individuals, share transfer or exchange, merger, division or other material event. In the event that a PRC
shareholder holding interests in a special purpose vehicle fails to fulfill the required SAFE registration, the PRC subsidiaries of that
special purpose vehicle may be prohibited from making profit distributions to the offshore parent and from carrying out subsequent cross-border
foreign exchange activities, and the special purpose vehicle may be restricted in its ability to contribute additional capital into its
PRC subsidiary. Furthermore, failure to comply with the various SAFE registration requirements described above could result in liability
under PRC law for evasion of foreign exchange controls. On February 13, 2015, SAFE Notice No. 13 was promulgated, pursuant to which the
aforementioned registration shall be conducted with and handled by qualified banks. 

We
have notified substantial beneficial owners of our ordinary shares who we know are PRC residents of their filing obligation, and to the
best of our knowledge, those shareholders whom we know are PRC residents have completed the registration or will carry out the registration
as required under SAFE Circular 37. However, we may not be aware of the identities of all our beneficial owners who are PRC residents.
In addition, we do not have control over our beneficial owners and cannot assure you that all of our PRC resident beneficial owners will
comply with SAFE Circular 37. The failure of our beneficial owners who are PRC residents to register or amend their SAFE registrations
in a timely manner pursuant to SAFE Circular 37 or the failure of future beneficial owners of our company who are PRC residents to comply
with the registration procedures set forth in SAFE Circular 37 may subject such beneficial owners or our PRC subsidiaries to fines and
legal sanctions. Failure to register or amend the registration may also limit our ability to contribute additional capital to our PRC
subsidiaries or receive dividends or other distributions from our PRC subsidiaries or other proceeds from disposal of our PRC subsidiaries,
or we may be penalized by SAFE. 

Share
Option Rules 

Under
the Administration Measures on Individual Foreign Exchange Control issued by the PBOC on December 25, 2006, all foreign exchange matters
involved in employee share ownership plans and share option plans in which PRC citizens participate require approval from SAFE or its
authorized branch. Pursuant to SAFE Circular 37, PRC residents who participate in share incentive plans in overseas non-publicly-listed
companies may submit applications to SAFE or its local branches for the foreign exchange registration with respect to offshore special
purpose companies. In addition, under the Notices on Issues concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating
in Share Incentive Plans of Overseas Publicly-Listed Companies, or the Share Option Rules, issued by SAFE on February 15, 2012, PRC residents
who are granted shares or share options by companies listed on overseas stock exchanges under share incentive plans are required to (i)
register with SAFE or its local branches, (ii) retain a qualified PRC agent, which may be a PRC subsidiary of the overseas listed company
or another qualified institution selected by the PRC subsidiary, to conduct the SAFE registration and other procedures with respect to
the share incentive plans on behalf of the participants, and (iii) retain an overseas institution to handle matters in connection with
their exercise of share options, purchase and sale of shares or interests and funds transfers. 

17 

Regulation
of Dividend Distributions 

The
principal laws, rules and regulations governing dividend distributions by foreign-invested enterprises in the PRC are the Company Law
of the PRC, as amended, the Wholly Foreign-owned Enterprise Law and its implementation regulations, the Chinese-foreign Cooperative Joint
Venture Law and its implementation regulations, and the Chinese-foreign Equity Joint Venture Law and its implementation regulations. Under
these laws, rules and regulations, foreign-invested enterprises may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profit, if any, as determined
in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Both PRC domestic companies and wholly-foreign owned PRC enterprises are
required to set aside a general reserve of at least 10 of their after-tax profit, until the cumulative amount of such reserve reaches
50 of their registered capital. A PRC company is not permitted to distribute any profits until any losses from prior fiscal years have
been offset. Profits retained from prior fiscal years may be distributed together with distributable profits from the current fiscal year. 

Seasonality .

Our business is highly dependent
upon various festivals in Hong Kong and China. In Hong Kong and China, we experience peak demand for our services during Chinese new year,
Easter holiday, summer holiday and Christmas in December. 

Insurance . 

Our business is located in
Hong Kong are subject to the laws and regulations of Hong Kong governing businesses concerning, in particular labor, occupational safety
and health, contracts, tort and intellectual property. Furthermore, we need to comply with the rules and regulations of Hong Kong governing
the data usage and regular terms of service applicable to our potential customers or clients. As the information of our potential customers
or clients is preserved in Hong Kong, we need to comply with the Hong Kong Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance. 

CORPORATE INFORMATION 

Our principal executive and
registered offices are located at 17/F, 80 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, telephone number +852-2119 1031. 

Near-Term Requirements For
Additional Capital 

We believe that we will require
approximately 1,000,000 over the next 18-24 months to implement our business plan of expanding throughout Hong Kong. For the immediate
future, we intend to finance our business expansion efforts through loans from existing shareholders or financial institutions. 

Available
Information 

Access
to all of our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is provided, free of charge, on our website (www.luduson.com)
as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The reports will be provided
at no cost to the requester. Each request for these reports should be made to Luduson G Inc., Attention: Secretary, 17/F, 80 Gloucester
Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong. 

Globex Transfer, LLC located at 780 Deltona Boulevard,
Suite 202, Deltona, Florida 32725, telephone number (813) 344-4490, facsimile (386) 267-3124, serves as our stock transfer agent. 

18 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors . 

An
investment in our common stock involves a number of very significant risks. You should carefully consider the following known material
risks and uncertainties in addition to other information in this document in evaluating our company and its business before purchasing
shares of our company's common stock. You could lose all or part of your investment due to any of these risks. 

Risks Relating to the Company 

COVID-19
has had an adverse effect that is material on our business and may continue to do so for the next twelve months. 

During
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the rapidly growing coronavirus outbreak to be a global pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic
has significantly impacted health and economic conditions throughout Hong Kong and China. National, regional and local governments took
a variety of actions to contain the spread of COVID-19, including office and store closures or capacity limitations. These developments
have caused a material adverse impact on the Company s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We
cannot predict how soon we will be able to resume normal operations as our ability to resume will depend in part on the actions of a number
of governmental bodies over which we have no control. Moreover, once restrictions are lifted, it is unclear how quickly customers will
commence operations and resume consuming our products and service, which may be a function of continued concerns over safety and/or depressed
consumer sentiment due to adverse economic conditions, including job losses. Considering the significant uncertainty as to when we can
resume operations and the uncertain customer demand environment, in addition to the actions described above, we expect to engage in conversations
with potential investors to secure additional sources of financing. 

The
outbreak of COVID-19 has caused significant disruptions to the Company s ability to generate revenues and cash flows, and uncertainty
regarding the length of the disruption may adversely impact our financial condition and ability to raise additional capital. As part of
our business continuity efforts, we reduced expenses broadly, including by furloughing our workforce except a small team of essential
personnel, reducing pay and benefits for remaining employees, and cutting back capital spending. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will depend on our ability to have sufficient liquidity until
such time as we again generate revenue and profits capable of supporting our ongoing operations, all of which remain highly uncertain
at this time. 

We may be materially
and adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulation of the companies and businesses in the digital space. 

In recent activity, the PRC
government has issued extensive regulations affecting the digital industry such as online gaming, online tutoring, e-commerce and other
online and technology companies, including foreign ownership of, and the licensing and permit requirements pertaining to, companies in
the digital space. These laws and regulations are relatively new and evolving, and their interpretation and enforcement involve significant
uncertainty. As a result, in certain circumstances it may be difficult to determine what actions or omissions may be deemed to be in violations
of applicable laws and regulations. There is also uncertainty regarding such laws may be expanded to increase its effect on our business
and operations. Issues, risks and uncertainties relating to PRC regulations of digital businesses include, but are not limited to, the
following: 

There are uncertainties relating to the regulation of the online gaming and Internet business in China, including evolving licensing practices and the requirement for real-name registrations and the applicability of PRC regulations to Hong Kong companies. Permits, licenses or operations of our Hong Kong subsidiaries may be subject to challenge, we may not be able to timely obtain or maintain all the required licenses or approvals, permits, or to complete filing, registration or other formalities necessary for our present or future operations, and we may not be able to renew certain permits or licenses or renew certain filing or registration or other formalities. 

19 

The evolving PRC regulatory system in the digital space may lead to the establishment of new regulatory agencies. For example, in May 2011, the State Council announced the establishment of a new department, the State Internet Information Office. The primary role of this new agency is to facilitate the policy-making and legislative development in this field to direct and coordinate with the relevant departments in connection with online content administration and to deal with cross-ministry regulatory matters in relation to the Internet industry. We are unable to determine what policies this new agency or any new agencies to be established in the future may have or how they may interpret existing laws, regulations and policies and how they may affect us. Further, new laws, regulations or policies may be promulgated or announced that will regulate Internet activities, including online video and online advertising businesses. In August 2021, the National Press and Publication Administration issued new limits restricting online gaming for minors which may adversely impact our gaming business in Hong Kong. If these new laws, regulations or policies are promulgated, additional licenses may be required for our operations. If our operations do not comply with these new regulations after they become effective, or if we fail to obtain any licenses required under these new laws and regulations, we could be subject to penalties, and our business could be disrupted. 

The interpretation and
application of existing PRC laws, regulations and policies and possible new laws, regulations or policies relating to the digital industry
have created substantial uncertainties regarding the legality of existing and future foreign investments in, and the businesses and activities
of, Internet businesses in China and Hong Kong including our business. There are also risks that we may be found to violate the existing
or future laws and regulations given the uncertainty and complexity of China s regulation of the digital industry. 

Our business generates
and processes personal data, and we are required to comply with PRC laws and regulations relating to cyber security. These laws and regulations
could create unexpected costs, subject us to enforcement actions for compliance failures, or restrict portions of our business or cause
us to change our data practices or business model. 

Our business generates and
processes personal data and face risks inherent in handling and protecting personal data. In particular, we face a number of challenges
relating to data we collect through our game distribution platform, including: 

protecting the data in and hosted on our system, including against attacks on our system by outside parties or fraudulent behavior or improper use by our employees; 

addressing concerns related to privacy and sharing, safety, security and other factors; and 

complying with applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to the collection, use, storage, transfer, disclosure and security of personal information, including any requests from regulatory and government authorities relating to this data. 

Governments around the world,
including the PRC government, have enacted or are considering legislation related to online businesses. There may be an increase in legislation
and regulation related to the collection and use of anonymous internet user data and unique device identifiers, such as IP address or
mobile unique device identifiers, and other data protection and privacy regulation. The PRC regulatory and enforcement regime with regard
to data security and data protection is evolving. We may be required by Chinese governmental authorities to share personal information
and data that we collect to comply with PRC laws relating to cybersecurity. All these laws and regulations may result in additional expenses
to us and any non-compliance may subject us to negative publicity which could harm its reputation and negatively affect the trading price
of our securities. There are also uncertainties with respect to how these laws will be implemented in practice. PRC regulators have been
increasingly focused on regulation in the areas of data security and data protection. We expect that these areas will receive greater
attention and focus from regulators, as well as attract continued or greater public scrutiny and attention going forward, which could
increase our compliance costs and subject it to heightened risks and challenges associated with data security and protection. If we are
unable to manage these risks, we could become subject to penalties, fines, suspension of business and revocation of required licenses,
and our reputation and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, regulatory authorities around the
world have recently adopted or are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection. These legislative
and regulatory proposals, if adopted, and the uncertain interpretations and application thereof could, in addition to the possibility
of fines, result in an order requiring that we change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results
of operations. 

20 

We may become subject to a variety of laws
and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. We may be liable for improper use or
appropriation of personal information provided by our customers. 

We may become subject to a
variety of laws and regulations in the PRC and Hong Kong regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. These laws
and regulations are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us
are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. In particular, there are numerous laws and regulations
regarding privacy and the collection, sharing, use, processing, disclosure, and protection of personal information and other user data.
Such laws and regulations often vary in scope, may be subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions. 

We expect to obtain information
about various aspects of our operations as well as regarding our employees and third parties. We also maintain information about various
aspects of our operations as well as regarding our employees. The integrity and protection of our customer, employee and company data
is critical to our business. Our customers, end users and employees expect that we will adequately protect their personal information. 

We are required by applicable
laws to keep strictly confidential the personal information that we collect, and to take adequate security measures to safeguard such
information. 

The PRC Criminal Law, as amended
by its Amendment 7 (effective on February 28, 2009) and Amendment 9 (effective on November 1, 2015), prohibits institutions, companies
and their employees from selling or otherwise illegally disclosing a citizen s personal information obtained during the course of
performing duties or providing services or obtaining such information through theft or other illegal ways. On November 7, 2016, the Standing
Committee of the PRC National People s Congress issued the Cyber Security Law of the PRC, or Cyber Security Law, which became effective
on June 1, 2017. 

Pursuant to the Cyber Security
Law, network operators must not, without users consent, collect their personal information, and may only collect users personal
information necessary to provide their services. Providers are also obliged to provide security maintenance for their products and services
and shall comply with provisions regarding the protection of personal information as stipulated under the relevant laws and regulations. 

The Civil Code of the PRC
(issued by the PRC National People s Congress on May 28, 2020 and effective from January 1, 2021) provides main legal basis for
privacy and personal information infringement claims under the Chinese civil laws. PRC regulators, including the Cyberspace Administration
of China, MIIT, and the Ministry of Public Security have been increasingly focused on regulation in the areas of data security and data
protection. 

The PRC regulatory requirements
regarding cybersecurity are constantly evolving. For instance, various regulatory bodies in China, including the Cyberspace Administration
of China, the Ministry of Public Security and the SAMR, have enforced data privacy and protection laws and regulations with varying and
evolving standards and interpretations. In April 2020, the Chinese government promulgated Cybersecurity Review Measures, which came into
effect on June 1, 2020. According to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity
review when purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security. 

21 

In November 2016, the Standing
Committee of China s National People s Congress passed China s first Cybersecurity Law CSL ), which became
effective in June 2017. The CSL is the first PRC law that systematically lays out the regulatory requirements on cybersecurity and data
protection, subjecting many previously under-regulated or unregulated activities in cyberspace to government scrutiny. The legal consequences
of violation of the CSL include penalties of warning, confiscation of illegal income, suspension of related business, winding up for rectification,
shutting down the websites, and revocation of business license or relevant permits. In April 2020, the Cyberspace Administration of China
and certain other PRC regulatory authorities promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which became effective in June 2020. Pursuant
to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review when purchasing
network products and services which do or may affect national security. On July 10, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China issued
a revised draft of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review for public comments 2021 Measures ), which required that, in addition
to operator of critical information infrastructure, any data processor carrying out data processing activities
that affect or may affect national security should also be subject to cybersecurity review, and further elaborated the factors to be considered
when assessing the national security risks of the relevant activities, including, among others, (i) the risk of core data, important data
or a large amount of personal information being stolen, leaked, destroyed, and illegally used or exited the country; and (ii) the risk
of critical information infrastructure, core data, important data or a large amount of personal information being affected, controlled,
or maliciously used by foreign governments after listing abroad. The 2021 Measures became effective on February 15, 2022. The Cyberspace
Administration of China has said that under the 2021 Measures companies holding data on more than 1,000,000 users must now apply for cybersecurity
approval when seeking listings in other nations because of the risk that such data and personal information could be affected,
controlled, and maliciously exploited by foreign governments. The cybersecurity review will also investigate the potential national
security risks from overseas IPOs. Article 7 of the 2021 Measures states that Where any network platform operator who possesses
the personal information of more than one million users seeks foreign listings ),
it shall file an application with the Office of Cybersecurity Review for cybersecurity review. The cybersecurity review will also
investigate the potential national security risks from overseas IPOs. 

We do not know what regulations
will be adopted or how such regulations will affect us. In the event that the Cyberspace Administration of China determines that we are
subject to these regulations, our securities may no longer be traded on the OTC QB and we may be subject to fines and penalties. 

We believe that we will not
be subject to the cybersecurity review by the CAC for this offering, given that: (i) our products and services are offered not directly
to individual users but through our business customers; (ii) we do not possess a large amount of personal information in our business
operations; and (iii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus may not be classified as core
or important data by the authorities. However, there remains uncertainty as to how the 2021 Measures will be interpreted or implemented
and whether the PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, may adopt new laws, regulations, rules, or detailed implementation and interpretation
related to the 2021 Measures. If any such new laws, regulations, rules, or implementation and interpretation comes into effect, we will
take all reasonable measures and actions to comply and to minimize the adverse effect of such laws on us. 

On June 10, 2021, the Standing
Committee of the NPC promulgated the PRC Data Security Law, which took effect on September 1, 2021. The Data Security Law also sets forth
the data security protection obligations for entities and individuals handling personal data, including that no entity or individual may
acquire such data by stealing or other illegal means, and the collection and use of such data should not exceed the necessary limits.
The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, CSL and any other cybersecurity and related laws may limit the use and adoption
of our products and services and could have an adverse impact on our business. 

22 

On August 20, 2021, the Standing
Committee of the NPC approved the Personal Information Protection Law PIPL ), which will become effective on November 1,
2021. The PIPL regulates collection of personal identifiable information and seeks to address the issue of algorithmic discrimination.
Companies in violation of the PIPL may be subject to warnings and admonishments, forced corrections, confiscation of corresponding income,
suspension of related services, and fines. We offer our products and services mainly to corporate clients and have limited interactions
with individual end-users, which means our potential access or exposure to end-users personal identifiable information is limited.
However, in the event we inadvertently accesses or becomes exposed to end-users personal identifiable information, through its
corporate clients end-user-facing applications which access or store end users personal identifiable information, then we
may face heightened exposure to the PIPL. We cannot assure you that PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, would take the same view
as we do, and there is no assurance that we can fully or timely comply with such laws. In the event that we are subject to any mandatory
cybersecurity review and other specific actions required by the CAC, we face uncertainty as to whether any clearance or other required
actions can be timely completed, or at all. Given such uncertainty, we may be further required to suspend relevant business, shut down
our website, or face other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results. 

If we fail to retain
existing or attract new advertising customers to advertise within their customized gaming content, maintain and increase our wallet share
of advertising budget, or if we are unable to collect accounts receivable in a timely manner, our business, financial condition may be
adversely affected. 

We
generate a substantial part of our revenues from advertising or marketing customers who engage us to develop their customized gaming content
to launch in their digital interactive marketing campaigns. However, because our advertising customers are not under long term contracts,
we may not be able to retain our advertising customers in the future, attract new advertising customers continuously or be able to retain
our advertising customers at all. If our advertising customers find that they can generate better returns elsewhere, or if our competitors
provide better online advertising services to suit the advertising customers goals, we may lose some or all of our advertising
customers. Since most of our advertising customers are not bound by long-term contracts, they may easily reduce or discontinue advertising
arrangements without incurring material liabilities. Failure to retain existing advertising customers or attract new advertising customers
to advertise within the video content produced by us or on our e-commerce platform may materially and adversely affect our business, financial
conditions and results of operations. 

The
financial soundness of our marketing customers and agencies may affect our collection of accounts receivable. We make a credit assessment
of our marketing customers and agencies to evaluate the collectability of the digital marketing service fees before entering into a contract.
However, we may not be able to accurately assess the creditworthiness of each customer or agency, and any inability of customers or agencies
to pay us for our services in a timely manner would negatively our liquidity and cash flows and may materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may need to raise additional financing to support our operations and future acquisitions, but we cannot be sure that we will be able to
obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us when needed. If we are unable to obtain additional financing to meet our needs, our
operations may be adversely affected or terminated. 

Our ability to generate future
operating revenues depends in part on whether we can obtain the financing necessary to implement our business plan. We will likely require
additional financing through the issuance of debt and/or equity in order to establish profitable operations, and such financing may not
be forthcoming. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing to fund our operations
in light of factors beyond our control such as the market demand for our securities, the state of financial markets, generally, and other
relevant factors. Even if additional financing is available, it may not be available on terms favorable to us. At this time, we
have not identified or secured sources of additional financing. Any sale of our Common Stock in
the future may result in dilution to existing stockholders. Furthermore, there is no assurance that we will not incur debt in the future,
that we will have sufficient funds to repay any future indebtedness or that we will not default on our future debts, which would thereby
jeopardize our business viability. We may not be able to borrow or raise additional capital in the future to meet our needs, which might
result in the loss of some or all of your investment in our Common Stock. Even if we do raise sufficient capital and generate revenues
to support our operating expenses, there can be no assurance that the revenue will be sufficient to enable us to develop our business
to a level where it will generate profits and cash flows from operations or provide a return on investment. In addition, if we raise additional
funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our stockholders could be significantly
diluted, the newly-issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders and the trading
price of our Common Stock could be adversely affected. Further, if we obtain additional debt financing, a substantial portion of our operating
cash flow may be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on such indebtedness, and the terms of the debt securities issued
could impose significant restrictions on our operations. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, you may lose your entire investment. 

23 

Our future performance
depends to a significant degree upon the continued service of key members of management as well as marketing, sales and product development
personnel. 

We are dependent upon the
continued service of Mr. Ka Leung WONG, our Chief Executive Officer and Director, and Lan Chan, our Chief Financial Officer, Secretary
and Director. The loss of Messrs. WONG or CHAN or one or more of our other key personnel would have a material adverse effect on
our business, operating results and financial condition. We believe our future success will also depend in large part upon our ability
to attract, retain and further motivate highly skilled management, marketing, sales and product development personnel. We expect
to establish an incentive compensation plan for our key personnel to retain their services. We have experienced intense competition
for personnel, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our key employees or that we will be successful in attracting,
assimilating and retaining personnel in the future. 

Lan CHAN, our Chief
Financial Officer, Secretary and director, beneficially owns approximately or has the right to vote 53.05 of our outstanding common stock.
As a result, Mr. Chan has a substantial voting power in all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval including: 

Election of our board of directors; 

Removal of any of our directors or officers; 

Amendment of our Amended Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws; 

Adoption of measures that could delay or prevent a change in control or impede a merger, takeover or other business combination involving us. 

As a result of his ownership and position, Mr.
Wong is able to substantially influence all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of
significant corporate transactions. In addition, the future prospect of sales of significant amounts of shares held by him could affect
the market price of our common stock if the marketplace does not orderly adjust to the increase in shares in the market and the value
of your investment in our company may decrease. Mr. Wong s stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender
offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing
a premium over our stock price. 

Our procurement of new
games and amusement offerings is contingent upon availability, and in some instances, our ability to obtain licensing rights. 

Our
ability to continue to procure new games, amusement offerings, and other entertainment-related equipment is important to our business
strategy. The number of suppliers from which we can purchase games, amusement offerings and other entertainment-related equipment is limited.
To the extent that the number of suppliers declines, we could be subject to the risk of distribution delays, pricing pressure, lack of
innovation and other associated risks. We may not be able to anticipate or react to changing amusement offerings cost by adjusting purchasing
practices or game prices, and a failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. In addition, any decrease
in availability of new amusement offerings that appeal to customers could lead to decreases in revenues as customers negatively react
to lack of new game options. 

We
have successfully developed several proprietary amusement offerings that are not available to operations outside the Company. Our ability
to develop future offerings is dependent on, among other things, obtaining rights to compelling game content and developing new amusement
offerings that are accepted by our customers. There is no guarantee that additional licensing rights will be obtained by us or that our
customers will accept the future offerings that we develop. The result could be increased expenses without increased revenues putting
downward pressure on our results of operations and financial performance. 

24 

A
significant disruption in our computer systems and our inability to adequately maintain and update those systems could adversely affect
our operations and our ability to maintain user confidence . 

We
rely extensively on our computer systems to manage and account for inventory, process user transactions, manage and maintain the privacy
of users data, communicate with our vendors and other third parties, service accounts, and summarize and analyze results. We also rely
on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet to use our computer systems. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from
power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, malicious attacks, security breaches, and catastrophic events. If our systems
are damaged or fail to function properly or reliably, we may incur substantial repair or replacement costs, experience data loss or theft
and impediments to our ability to manage inventories or process user transactions, engage in additional promotional activities to retain
our users, and encounter lost user confidence, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

We
continually invest to maintain and update our computer systems. Implementing significant system changes increases the risk of computer
system disruption. The potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives, as well as providing
training and support for those initiatives, could disrupt or reduce our operational efficiency, and could negatively impact user experience
and user confidence. 

If
our efforts to protect the security of information about our resellers, customers, and other third parties are unsuccessful, we may face
additional costly government enforcement actions and private litigation, and our sales and reputation could suffer. 

We
regularly receive and store information about our resellers, customers, merchants, vendors and other third parties. We have programs in
place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access,
disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable
to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. In addition, hardware, software, or applications we develop
or procure from third parties or through open source solutions may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could
unexpectedly compromise information security. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, or those
of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, trickery, or other forms of deceiving our team members, contractors, and vendors.

To
date, we have not encountered significant incidents of data breach or breaches that were material to our consolidated financial statements.
If we, our vendors, or other third parties with whom we do business experience significant data security breaches or fail to detect and
appropriately respond to significant data security breaches, we could be exposed to government enforcement actions and private litigation.
In addition, our users could lose confidence in our ability to protect their information, which could cause them to discontinue using
our e-wallets, our digital products, or loyalty programs, or stop shopping with us altogether. 

The
success of our business depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brand. 

We
believe that maintaining and enhancing our brand is of significant importance to the success of our business. Our well-recognized brand
is critical to increasing our user base and, in turn, expanding our shoppers for our e-commerce platform and attractiveness to advertising
customers and content providers. Since the internet video industry is highly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brand depends
largely on our ability to become and remain a market leader in Hong Kong, which may be difficult and expensive to accomplish. To the extent
our original content is perceived as low quality or otherwise not appealing to users, our ability to maintain and enhance our brand may
be adversely impacted which in turn may result in a loss of users for our mobile and online video and e-commerce platform. 

25 

We may grow our business
through acquisitions in the near future, which may result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other harmful consequences. 

We expect to achieve our business
plan through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions and investments. We periodically evaluate an array of potential strategic
transactions and may make one or more acquisitions in the near future. The process of integrating an acquired company, business, or technology
may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. The areas where we face risks include: 

Implementation or remediation of controls, procedures, and policies at the acquired company; 

Diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to acquisition integration challenges; 

Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization; 

Retention of employees from the businesses we acquire; 

Integration of the acquired company s accounting, management information, human resource, and other administrative systems; 

Liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities; 

Litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders, or other third parties; 

In the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; and 

Failure to successfully further develop the acquired product, service or technology. 

Our failure to address these
risks or other problems encountered in connection with future acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated
benefits of such acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally. 

Future acquisitions may also
result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization expenses, or write-offs
of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. Also, the anticipated benefit of many of our acquisitions may not materialize. 

Other
factors can have a material adverse effect on our future profitability and financial condition. 

Many
other factors can affect our profitability and financial condition, including: 

changes in, or interpretations of, laws and regulations including changes in accounting standards and taxation requirements; 

changes in the rate of inflation, interest rates and the performance of investments held by us; 

changes in the creditworthiness of counterparties that transact business with; 

changes in business, economic, and political conditions, including: war, political instability, terrorist attacks, the threat of future terrorist activity and related military action; natural disasters; the cost and availability of insurance due to any of the foregoing events; labor disputes, strikes, slow-downs, or other forms of labor or union activity; and, pressure from third-party interest groups; 

changes in our business and investments and changes in the relative and absolute contribution of each to earnings and cash flow resulting from evolving business strategies, changing product mix, changes in tax rates and opportunities existing now or in the future; 

difficulties related to our information technology systems, any of which could adversely affect business operations, including any significant breakdown, invasion, destruction, or interruption of these systems; 

changes in credit markets impacting our ability to obtain financing for our business operations; or 

legal difficulties, any of which could preclude or delay commercialization of products or technology or adversely affect profitability, including claims asserting statutory or regulatory violations, adverse litigation decisions, and issues regarding compliance with any governmental consent decree. 

26 

Risk Factors Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong 

The PRC government has
significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of a Hong Kong company s business operations or to exert control over any
offering of securities conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, and may intervene with or influence our operations,
may limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, and may cause the value of such securities
to significantly decline or be worthless, as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals. 

The PRC government may intervene
or influence our operations at any time with little to no advanced notice, which could result in a material change in our operations and/or
the value of our common stock. For example, the PRC government has recently published new policies that significantly affected certain
industries such as the education and internet industries, and we cannot rule out the possibility that it will in the future release regulations
or policies regarding any industry that could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of our company.
Furthermore, the PRC government has also recently indicated an intent to exert more oversight and control over securities offerings and
other capital markets activities that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based companies. Any such action, once taken
by the PRC government, could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors
and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or in extreme cases, become worthless. 

Recently, the PRC government
initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in China with little advance notice, including
cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using variable
interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly
enforcement. We believe we are not subject to cybersecurity review with the Cyberspace Administration of China, or CAC, given that: (i)
our products and services are offered not directly to individual users but through our institutional customers; (ii) we do not possess
a large amount of personal information in our business operations; and (iii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on
national security and thus may not be classified as core or important data by the authorities. See also Risk Factors - We
may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection.
We may be liable for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided by our customers . 

We believe that we are not
subject to merger control review by China s anti-monopoly enforcement agency due to the level of our revenues which provided from
us and audited by our auditor, and the fact that we currently do not expect to propose or implement any acquisition of control of, or
decisive influence over, any company with revenues within China of more than RMB400 million. Currently, these statements and regulatory
actions have had no impact on our daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S.
or other foreign exchange. Since these statements and regulatory actions are new, it is highly uncertain how soon legislative or administrative
regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will
be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business
operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. 

27 

We face the risk that
changes in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in the Hong
Kong and the profitability of such business. 

Our business and assets are
primarily located in Hong Kong. Accordingly, economic, political and legal developments in Hong Kong and the PRC will significantly affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Policies of the PRC government can have significant effects on
economic conditions in Hong Kong. While we believe that the PRC will continue to strengthen its economic and trading relationships with
foreign countries and that business development in the PRC will continue to follow market forces, we cannot assure you that this will
be the case. Our interests may be adversely affected by changes in policies by the PRC government, including: 

changes in laws, regulations or their interpretation especially with respect to application of PRC tax, labor, currency restriction and other laws to Hong Kong operations; 

confiscatory taxation or changes in taxation; 

Currency revaluations or restrictions on currency conversion, imports or sources of supplies, or ability to continue as a for-profit enterprise; 

expropriation or nationalization of private enterprises; and 

the allocation of resources. 

Substantial uncertainties
and restrictions with respect to the political and economic policies of the PRC government and PRC laws and regulations could have a significant
impact upon the business that we may be able to conduct in Hong Kong and accordingly on the results of our operations and financial condition. 

Our business operations may
be adversely affected by the current and future political environment in the PRC. The PRC government has exercised and continues to exercise
substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulation and state ownership. We expect the Hong Kong
legal system to rapidly evolve in the near future and may become closer aligned with legal system in China with the PRC government exerting
more oversight and control over companies operating in Hong Kong, offerings conducted overseas and or foreign investment in Hong Kong
based issuers. The interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules may not always be uniform and the enforcement of these laws, regulations
and rules may involve uncertainties for you and us. Our ability to operate in Hong Kong, conduct overseas offerings and continue to investment
in Hong Kong based issuers may be harmed by these changes in its laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, import and
export tariffs, healthcare regulations, environmental regulations, land use and property ownership rights, and other matters. Accordingly,
government actions in the future, including any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally
planned economy or regional or local variations in the implementation of economic policies, could have a significant effect on economic
conditions in Hong Kong or particular regions thereof, and could limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer
securities to investors or require us to divest ourselves of any interest we then hold in Hong Kong properties or joint ventures. Any
such actions (including divesture or similar actions) could result in a material adverse effect on us and on your investment in us and
could render our securities and your investment in our securities worthless. 

28 

There are substantial uncertainties
regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations governing
our business, or the enforcement and performance of our contractual arrangements with borrowers in the event of the imposition of statutory
liens, death, bankruptcy or criminal proceedings. Only after 1979 did the Chinese government begin to promulgate a comprehensive system
of laws that regulate economic affairs in general, deal with economic matters such as foreign investment, corporate organization and governance,
commerce, taxation and trade, as well as encourage foreign investment in China. Although the influence of the law has been increasing,
China has not developed a fully integrated legal system and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects
of economic activities in China. Also, because these laws and regulations are relatively new, and because of the limited volume of published
cases and their lack of force as precedents, interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve significant uncertainties.
New laws and regulations that affect existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively. In addition, there have
been constant changes and amendments of laws and regulations over the past 30 years in order to keep up with the rapidly changing society
and economy in China. Because government agencies and courts that provide interpretations of laws and regulations and decide contractual
disputes and issues may change their interpretation or enforcement very rapidly with little advance notice at any time, we cannot predict
the future direction of Chinese legislative activities with respect to either businesses with foreign investment or the effectiveness
on enforcement of laws and regulations in China. The uncertainties, including new laws and regulations and changes of existing laws, as
well as, may cause possible problems to foreign investors. 

Although the PRC government
has been pursuing economic reform policies for more than two decades, the PRC government continues to exercise significant control over
economic growth in the PRC through the allocation of resources, controlling payments of foreign currency, setting monetary policy and
imposing policies that impact particular industries in different ways. We cannot assure you that the PRC government will continue to pursue
policies favoring a market oriented economy or that existing policies will not be significantly altered, especially in the event of a
change in leadership, social or political disruption, or other circumstances affecting political, economic and social life in the PRC. 

The Holding Foreign
Companies Accountable Act requires the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) to be permitted to inspect the issuer's public
accounting firm within three years. There are uncertainties under the PRC Securities Law relating to the procedures and requisite timing
for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. If the U.S.
securities regulatory agencies are unable to conduct such investigations, they may suspend or de-register our registration with the SEC
and delist our securities from applicable trading market within the US. 

The Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act was signed into law on December 18, 2020, and requires Auditors of publicly traded companies to submit to regular inspections
every three years to assess such auditors compliance with applicable professional standards. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate
passed the Accelerating Holdings Foreign Companies Accountable Act which, if passed by the U.S. House of Representatives and signed into
law, would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCA Act from three
years to two, thus reducing the time before our securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted. As a result, the time period before
our securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted will be reduced. If the U.S. securities regulatory agencies are unable to conduct
such investigations, there exists a risk that they may determine to suspend or de-register our registration with the SEC and may also
delist our securities from applicable trading market within the US. On December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted final amendments implementing
congressionally mandated submission and disclosure requirements of the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act. The rules apply to registrants
that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located
in a foreign jurisdiction and that PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in
foreign jurisdictions. 

According to Article 177 of
the Securities Law of the PRC Article 177 ), overseas securities regulatory authorities are prohibited from engaging in
activities pertaining to investigations or evidence collection directly conducted within the territories of the PRC, and Chinese entities
or individuals are further prohibited from providing documents and information in connection with securities business activities to any
organizations and/or persons abroad without the prior consent of the securities regulatory authority of the State Council and the competent
departments of the State Council. As of the date of this prospectus, we are not aware of any implementing rules or regulations which have
been published regarding application of Article 177. 

29 

We believe Article 177 is
only applicable where the activities of overseas authorities constitute a direct investigation or evidence collection by such authorities
within the territory of the PRC. Our principal business operation is conducted in Hong Kong. In the event that the U.S. securities regulatory
agencies carry out an investigation on us such as an enforcement action by the Department of Justice, the SEC or other authorities, such
agencies activities will constitute conducting an investigation or collecting evidence directly within the territory of the PRC
and accordingly fall within the scope of Article 177. In that case, the U.S. securities regulatory agencies may have to consider establishing
cross-border cooperation with the securities regulatory authority of the PRC by way of judicial assistance, diplomatic channels or establishing
a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authority of the PRC. However, there is no assurance that the U.S. securities
regulatory agencies will succeed in establishing such cross-border cooperation in this particular case and/or establish such cooperation
in a timely manner. 

Furthermore, it remains unclear
as to how Article 177 will be interpreted, implemented or applied by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission or other relevant government
authorities. As such, there are uncertainties as to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies to
conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act requires the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) be permitted to inspect the issuer's public accounting firm within three years. If the
U.S. securities regulatory agencies are unable to conduct such investigations, there exists a risk that they may determine to suspend
or de-register our registration with the SEC and may also delist our securities from applicable trading market within the US. 

Our auditor is located in
Kuala, Lumpur and is subject to PCAOB inspections with its most recent inspection occurring during 2021. Therefore, it is not subject
to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. However, in the event the Malaysian authorities subsequently take a
position disallowing the PCAOB to inspect our auditor, then we would need to change our auditor. Furthermore, due to the recent developments
in connection with the implementation of the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, we cannot assure you whether the SEC or other
regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent criteria to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s
audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or
experience as it relates to the audit of our financial statements. The requirement in the HFCA Act that the PCAOB be permitted to inspect
the issuer s public accounting firm within two or three years, may result in the delisting of our securities from applicable trading
markets in the U.S, in the future if the PCAOB is unable to inspect our accounting firm at such future time. 

Adverse regulatory developments
in China may subject us to additional regulatory review, and additional disclosure requirements and regulatory scrutiny to be adopted
by the SEC in response to risks related to recent regulatory developments in China may impose additional compliance requirements for companies
like us with Hong Kong-based operations, all of which could increase our compliance costs, subject us to additional disclosure requirements. 

The
recent regulatory developments in China, in particular with respect to restrictions on China-based companies raising capital offshore,
may lead to additional regulatory review in China over our financing and capital raising activities in the United States. In addition,
we may be subject to industry-wide regulations that may be adopted by the relevant PRC authorities, which may have the effect of limiting
our service offerings, restricting the scope of our operations in Hong Kong, or causing the suspension or termination of our business
operations in Hong Kong entirely, all of which will materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We may have to adjust, modify, or completely change our business operations in response to adverse regulatory changes or policy developments,
and we cannot assure you that any remedial action adopted by us can be completed in a timely, cost-efficient, or liability-free manner
or at all. 

30 

On
July 30, 2021, in response to the recent regulatory developments in China and actions adopted by the PRC government, the Chairman
of the SEC issued a statement asking the SEC staff to seek additional disclosures from offshore issuers associated with China-based operating
companies (including Hong Kong) before their registration statements will be declared effective. On August 1, 2021, the China Securities
Regulatory Commission stated in a statement that it had taken note of the new disclosure requirements announced by the SEC regarding the
listings of Chinese companies and the recent regulatory development in China, and that both countries should strengthen communications
on regulating China-related issuers. Since we operate in Hong Kong, we cannot guarantee that we will not be subject to tightened regulatory
review and we could be exposed to government interference from China. 

Under the PRC enterprise income tax law,
we may be classified as a PRC resident enterprise , which could result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our shareholders
and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of your investment. 

Under the PRC enterprise income
tax law that became effective on January 1, 2008, an enterprise established outside the PRC with de facto management bodies 
within the PRC is considered a resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes and is generally subject to a
uniform 25 enterprise income tax rate on its worldwide income. On April 22, 2009, the State Administration of Taxation, or the SAT, issued
the Notice Regarding the Determination of Chinese-Controlled Overseas Incorporated Enterprises as PRC Tax Resident Enterprise on the Basis
of De Facto Management Bodies, or SAT Circular 82, which provides certain specific criteria for determining whether the de facto
management body of a PRC-controlled enterprise that is incorporated offshore is located in China. Further to SAT Circular 82, on
August 3, 2011, the SAT issued the Administrative Measures of Enterprise Income Tax of Chinese-Controlled Offshore Incorporated Resident
Enterprises (Trial), or SAT Bulletin 45, which became effective on September 1, 2011, to provide more guidance on the implementation of
SAT Circular 82. 

According to SAT Circular
82, an offshore incorporated enterprise controlled by a PRC enterprise or a PRC enterprise group will be considered a PRC tax resident
enterprise by virtue of having its de facto management body in China and will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax on
its worldwide income only if all of the following conditions are met: (a) the senior management and core management departments in
charge of its daily operations function have their presence mainly in the PRC; (b) its financial and human resources decisions are subject
to determination or approval by persons or bodies in the PRC; (c) its major assets, accounting books, company seals, and minutes
and files of its board and shareholders meetings are located or kept in the PRC; and (d) not less than half of the enterprise s
directors or senior management with voting rights habitually reside in the PRC. SAT Bulletin 45 further clarifies the resident status
determination, post-determination administration as well as competent tax authorities. 

Although SAT Circular 82 and
SAT Bulletin 45 only apply to offshore incorporated enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise group instead of those
controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners, the determination criteria set forth therein may reflect SAT s general position on
how the term de facto management body could be applied in determining the tax resident status of offshore enterprises, regardless
of whether they are controlled by PRC enterprises, individuals or foreigners. 

We believe that none of our
entities outside of China is a PRC resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes even if the standards for de facto management body 
prescribed in the SAT Circular 82 are applicable to us. However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination
by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term de facto management body. 
If the PRC tax authorities determine that we or any of our subsidiaries outside of China is a PRC resident enterprise for enterprise income
tax purposes, we may be subject to PRC enterprise income on our worldwide income at the rate of 25 , which could materially reduce our
net income. In addition, we will also be subject to PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. 

31 

Although dividends paid by
one PRC tax resident to another PRC tax resident should qualify as tax-exempt income under the enterprise income tax law,
we cannot assure you that dividends by our Hong Kong subsidiaries to our British Virgin Islands holding company will not be subject to
a 10 withholding tax, as the PRC foreign exchange control authorities, which enforce the withholding tax on dividends, and the PRC tax
authorities have not yet issued guidance with respect to the processing of outbound remittances to entities that are treated as resident
enterprises for PRC enterprise income tax purposes. 

Non-PRC resident holders of
our common stock may also be subject to PRC withholding tax on dividends paid by us and PRC tax on gains realized on the sale or other
disposition of common stock, if such income is sourced from within the PRC. The tax would be imposed at the rate of 10 in the case of
non-PRC resident enterprise holders and 20 in the case of non-PRC resident individual holders. In the case of dividends, we would be
required to withhold the tax at source. Any PRC tax liability may be reduced under applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements. Although
our holding company is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, it remains unclear whether dividends received and gains realized by
non-PRC resident holders of our common stock will be regarded as income from sources within the PRC if we are classified as a PRC resident
enterprise. Any such tax will reduce the returns on your investment in our common stock. 

We cannot assure you that
the PRC tax authorities will not, at their discretion, adjust any capital gains and impose tax return filing and withholding or tax payment
obligations with respect to any internal restructuring, and our Hong Kong subsidiaries may be requested to assist in the filing. Any PRC
tax imposed on a transfer of our shares not through a public stock exchange, or any adjustment of such gains would cause us to incur additional
costs and may have a negative impact on the value of your investment in the company. 

We face uncertainty with respect to indirect
transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies. 

We face uncertainties regarding
the reporting on and consequences of private equity financing transactions involving the transfer of shares in the Company by non-resident
investors. In February 2015, the SAT issued the Bulletin on Issues of Enterprise Income Tax on Indirect Transfers of Assets by Non-PRC
Resident Enterprises, or SAT Bulletin 7, as amended in 2017. Pursuant to this bulletin, an indirect transfer of assets,
including equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident enterprises may be re-characterized and treated as a direct
transfer of PRC taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose
of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise income tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise
income tax. According to SAT Bulletin 7, PRC taxable assets include assets attributed to an establishment in China, immovable
properties located in China, and equity investments in PRC resident enterprises, in respect of which gains from their transfer by a direct
holder, being a non-PRC resident enterprise, would be subject to PRC enterprise income taxes. When determining whether there is a reasonable
commercial purpose of the transaction arrangement, features to be taken into consideration include: whether the main value of the
equity interest of the relevant offshore enterprise derives from PRC taxable assets; whether the assets of the relevant offshore enterprise
mainly consist of direct or indirect investment in China or if its income mainly derives from China; whether the offshore enterprise and
its subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding PRC taxable assets have real commercial nature which is evidenced by their actual function
and risk exposure; the duration of existence of the business model and organizational structure; the replicability of the transaction
by direct transfer of PRC taxable assets; and the tax situation of such indirect transfer and applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements.
In respect of an indirect offshore transfer of assets of a PRC establishment, the resulting gain is to be included with the enterprise
income tax filing of the PRC establishment or place of business being transferred, and would consequently be subject to PRC enterprise
income tax at a rate of 25 . Where the underlying transfer relates to the immovable properties located in China or to equity investments
in a PRC resident enterprise, which is not related to a PRC establishment or place of business of a non-resident enterprise, a PRC enterprise
income tax of 10 would apply, subject to available preferential tax treatment under applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements,
and the party who is obligated to make the transfer payments has the withholding obligation. SAT Bulletin 7 does not apply to transactions
of sale of shares by investors through a public stock exchange where such shares were acquired from a transaction through a public stock
exchange. 

32 

There is uncertainty as to
the application of SAT Bulletin 7. We face uncertainties as to the reporting and other implications of certain past and future transactions
where PRC taxable assets are involved, such as offshore restructuring, sale of the shares in our offshore subsidiaries or investments.
We may be subject to filing obligations or taxed if we are a transferor in such transactions, and may be subject to withholding obligations
if we are a transferee in such transactions under SAT Bulletin 7. For transfer of shares in us by investors that are non-PRC resident
enterprises, our Hong Kong subsidiaries may be requested to assist in the filing under SAT Bulletin 7. As a result, we may be required
to expend valuable resources to comply with SAT Bulletin 7 or to request the relevant transferors from whom we purchase taxable assets
to comply with these circulars, or to establish that we should not be taxed under these circulars, which may have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations. 

The M A Rules and
certain other PRC regulations may make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions. 

The Regulations on Mergers
and Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, adopted by six PRC regulatory agencies in 2006 and
amended in 2009, and some other regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions established complex procedures and requirements
for acquisition of Chinese companies by foreign investors, including requirements in some instances that the Ministry of Commerce of the
PRC be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic
enterprise. Moreover, the Anti-Monopoly Law promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress, which became
effective in 2008, requires that transactions which are deemed concentrations and involve parties with specified turnover thresholds must
be cleared by the Ministry of Commerce before they can be completed. In addition, the security review rules issued by the Ministry of
Commerce and became effective in September 2011 specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors that raise national
defense and security concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire de facto control over domestic
enterprises that raise national security concerns are subject to strict review by the Ministry of Commerce, and the rules
prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review, including by structuring the transaction through a proxy or contractual
control arrangement. 

In the future, we may pursue
potential strategic acquisitions that are complementary to our business and operations. Complying with the requirements of the above-mentioned
regulations and other rules to complete such transactions could be time-consuming, and any required approval processes, including obtaining
approval or clearance from the Ministry of Commerce, may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could affect
our ability to expand our business or maintain our market share. Furthermore, according to the M A Rules, if a PRC entity or individual
plans to merger or acquire its related PRC entity through an overseas company legitimately incorporated or controlled by such entity or
individual, such a merger and acquisition will be subject to examination and approval by the Ministry of Commerce. The application and
interpretations of M A Rules are still uncertain, and there is possibility that the PRC regulators may promulgate new rules or
explanations requiring that we obtain approval of the Ministry of Commerce for our completed or ongoing mergers and acquisitions. There
is no assurance that we can obtain such approval from the Ministry of Commerce for our mergers and acquisitions, and if we fail to obtain
those approvals, we may be required to suspend our acquisition and be subject to penalties. Any uncertainties regarding such approval
requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and corporate structure. 

Furthermore, the M A Rules,
among other things, purport to require that an offshore special purpose vehicle controlled directly or indirectly by PRC domestic companies
or individuals and formed for purposes of overseas listing through acquisition of PRC domestic interests obtain the approval of the CSRC
prior to the listing and trading of such special purpose vehicle s securities on an overseas stock exchange. The CSRC has not issued
any definitive rules or interpretations concerning whether offerings such as this offering are subject to the CSRC approval procedures
under the M A Rules. Although we are of the position that we are not required to obtain approval from the CSRC under the M A Rules
for listing and trading of our securities, uncertainties still exist as to how the M A Rules will be interpreted and implemented and
the opinion stated above is subject to any new laws, rules and regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations in any form
relating to the M A Rules. 

33 

PRC regulations relating to offshore investment
activities by PRC residents may limit our Hong Kong subsidiaries ability to increase their registered capital or distribute profits
to us or otherwise expose us to liability and penalties under PRC law. 

The State Administration of
Foreign Exchange SAFE promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Relating to PRC Resident s Investment and Financing
and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, in July 2014 that requires PRC residents or entities
to register with SAFE or its local branch in connection with their establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the
purpose of overseas investment or financing. In addition, such PRC residents or entities must update their SAFE registrations when the
offshore special purpose vehicle undergoes material events relating to any change of basic information (including change of such PRC residents
or entities, name and operation term), increases or decreases in investment amount, transfers or exchanges of shares, or mergers or divisions. 

SAFE Circular 37 is issued
to replace the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Administration for PRC Residents Engaging in Financing and Roundtrip
Investments through Overseas Special Purpose Vehicles. If our shareholders who are PRC residents or entities do not complete their registration
with the local SAFE branches, our Hong Kong subsidiaries may be prohibited from distributing their profits and proceeds from any reduction
in capital, share transfer or liquidation to us, and we may be restricted in our ability to contribute additional capital to our Hong
Kong subsidiaries. Moreover, failure to comply with SAFE registration described above could result in liability under PRC laws for evasion
of applicable foreign exchange restrictions. 

However, we may not be informed
of the identities of all the PRC residents or entities holding direct or indirect interest in us, nor can we compel our shareholders to
comply with the requirements of SAFE Circular 37. As a result, we cannot assure you that all of our shareholders who are PRC residents
or entities have complied with, and will in the future make or obtain any applicable registrations or approvals required by, SAFE Circular
37. Failure by such shareholders to comply with SAFE Circular 37, or failure by us to amend the foreign exchange registrations of its
Hong Kong subsidiaries, if applicable, could subject us to fines or legal sanctions, restrict our overseas or cross-border investment
activities, limit our Hong Kong subsidiaries ability to make distributions or pay dividends to us or affect o our ownership structure,
which could adversely affect our business and prospects. For a detailed description of the potential government regulations facing the
Company and the offering associated with our operations in Hong Kong, please refer to Government and Industry Regulations 
Regulations Relating to Foreign Exchange and Dividend Distribution . 

PRC regulation of loans
to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent
us from using the proceeds we receive from offshore financing activities to make loans to or make additional capital contributions to
our Hong Kong subsidiaries, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand business. 

Any transfer of funds by us
to our Hong Kong subsidiaries, either as a shareholder loan or as an increase in registered capital, may become subject to approval by
or registration or filing with relevant governmental authorities in China. According to the relevant PRC regulations on foreign-invested
enterprises in China, capital contributions to PRC subsidiaries are subject to the approval of or filing with the Ministry of Commerce
in its local branches and registration with a local bank authorized by SAFE. It is unclear if Hong Kong subsidiaries will be deemed a
PRC subsidiary. If Hong Kong subsidiaries are deemed to be PRC subsidiaries, (i) any foreign loan procured by our Hong Kong subsidiaries
will be required to be registered with SAFE or its local branches or filed with SAFE in its information system; and (ii) our Hong
Kong subsidiaries will not be able to procure loans which exceed the difference between their total investment amount and registered capital
or, as an alternative, only procure loans subject to the calculation approach and limitation as provided in the People s Bank of
China Notice No. 9 PBOC Notice No. 9 ). We may not be able to obtain these government approvals or complete such
registrations on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to future capital contributions or foreign loans by us to our Hong Kong subsidiaries,
if required. If we fail to receive such approvals or complete such registration or filing, our ability to use the proceeds we receive
from our offshore financing activities and to capitalize our Hong Kong operations may be negatively affected, which could adversely affect
our liquidity and ability to fund and expand our business. 

34 

The Circular on Reforming
the Administration of Foreign Exchange Settlement of Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises, or SAFE Circular 19, effective as of June 1,
2015, as amended by Circular of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming and Regulating Policies on the Control over
Foreign Exchange Settlement under the Capital Account, or SAFE Circular 16, effective on June 9, 2016, allows FIEs to settle their
foreign exchange capital at their discretion, but continues to prohibit FIEs from using the Renminbi fund converted from their foreign
exchange capitals for expenditure beyond their business scopes, and also prohibit FIEs from using such Renminbi fund to provide loans
to persons other than affiliates unless otherwise permitted under its business scope. If Safe Circulars 16 and 19 are interpreted to apply
to the Hong Kong Dollar, our ability to use Hong Kong Dollars converted from the net proceeds from our offshore financing activities to
fund the establishment of new entities in Hong Kong, to invest in or acquire any other Hong Kong or PRC companies may be limited, which
may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our Hong Kong subsidiaries
may be subject to restrictions on paying dividends or making other payments to us, which may restrict its ability to satisfy liquidity
requirements, conduct business and pay dividends to holders of our common stock. 

We are a holding company incorporated
in Nevada. We rely on dividends from our Hong Kong subsidiaries for our cash and financing requirements, such as the funds necessary to
service any debt we may incur. Current PRC regulations permit PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to foreign parent companies only out of
their accumulated after-tax profits upon satisfaction of relevant statutory condition and procedures, if any, determined in accordance
with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, PRC subsidiaries are required to set aside at least 10 of their accumulated
profits each year, if any, to fund certain reserve funds until the total amount set aside reaches 50 of its registered capital. Furthermore,
if PRC subsidiaries and their subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict
their ability to pay dividends or make other payments to the foreign parent company, which may restrict the ability of the foreign parent
company to satisfy its liquidity requirements. If such restrictions on dividend and other payments are interpreted to apply to Hong Kong
entities, our ability to rely on payments from our Hong Kong subsidiaries will be adversely affected. 

In addition, the Enterprise
Income Tax Law of the PRC, or the PRC EIT Law, and its implementation rules provide that withholding tax rate of 10 will be applicable
to dividends payable by Chinese companies to non-PRC-resident enterprises unless otherwise exempted or reduced according to treaties or
arrangements between the PRC central government and governments of other countries or regions where the non-PRC-resident enterprises are
incorporated. For a detailed description of the potential government regulations facing the Company and the offering associated with our
operations in Hong Kong, please refer to Government and Industry Regulations Regulations Relating to Foreign Exchange
and Dividend Distribution . 

Governmental control of currency conversion
may limit our ability to utilize revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment. 

The PRC government imposes
controls on the convertibility of the Renminbi into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China.
Approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is required where Renminbi is to be converted into foreign currency
and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. In light of the flood
of capital outflows of China in 2016 due to the weakening Renminbi, the PRC government has imposed more restrictive foreign exchange policies
and stepped up scrutiny of major outbound capital movement including overseas direct investment. More restrictions and substantial vetting
process are put in place by SAFE to regulate cross-border transactions falling under the capital account. If any of our shareholders regulated
by such policies fail to satisfy the applicable overseas direct investment filing or approval requirement timely or at all, it may be
subject to penalties from the relevant PRC authorities. The PRC government may at its discretion further restrict access in the future
to foreign currencies for current account transactions. 

35 

We receive substantially all
of our revenues in Hong Kong Dollars. Under our current corporate structure, we and our British Virgin Islands holding company may rely
on dividend payments from our Hong Kong subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements that we may have. If the PRC government
expands its currency controls to include the Hong Kong Dollar, we will be required to obtain SAFE approval to use cash generated from
the operations of our Hong Kong subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities to pay off their respective debt in a currency other
than Hong Kong Dollar or Renminbi owed to entities outside China, or to make other capital expenditure payments outside China in a currency
other than Renminbi or the Hong Kong Dollar. We may be prevented from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies to satisfy our foreign currency
demands. As a result, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders. For a detailed description of the
potential government regulations facing the Company and the offering associated with our operations in Hong Kong, please refer to Government
and Industry Regulations Regulations Relating to Foreign Exchange and Dividend Distribution . 

Failure to comply with
PRC regulations regarding the registration requirements for employee stock ownership plans or share option plans may subject the PRC plan
participants or us to fines and other legal or administrative sanctions. 

Pursuant to SAFE Circular
37, PRC residents who participate in share incentive plans in overseas non-publicly-listed companies may submit applications to SAFE or
its local branches for the foreign exchange registration with respect to offshore special purpose companies. In the meantime, our directors,
executive officers and other employees who are PRC citizens or who are non-PRC residents residing in the PRC for a continuous period of
not less than one year, subject to limited exceptions, and who have been granted incentive share awards by us, may follow the Notices
on Issues Concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating in Stock Incentive Plan of Overseas Publicly-Listed
Company, or 2012 SAFE notices, promulgated by the SAFE in 2012. Pursuant to the 2012 SAFE notices, PRC citizens and non-PRC citizens who
reside in China for a continuous period of not less than one year who participate in any stock incentive plan of an overseas publicly
listed company, subject to a few exceptions, are required to register with SAFE through a domestic qualified agent, which could be the
PRC subsidiaries of such overseas listed company, and complete certain other procedures. In addition, an overseas entrusted institution
must be retained to handle matters in connection with the exercise or sale of stock options and the purchase or sale of shares and interests.
Our executive officers and other employees who are PRC citizens or who reside in the PRC for a continuous period of not less than one
year and who have been granted options will be subject to these regulations. It is unclear if these regulations will be expanded to include
Hong Kong residents or citizens. Failure to complete the SAFE registrations may subject them to fines, and legal sanctions and may also
limit our ability to contribute additional capital into our Hong Kong subsidiaries and limit our Hong Kong subsidiaries ability
to distribute dividends to us if Hong Kong residents or citizens are covered under these PRC regulations. We also face regulatory uncertainties
that could restrict our ability to adopt additional incentive plans for our directors, executive officers and employees under PRC law. 

The SAT has issued certain
circulars concerning employee share options and restricted shares. Under these circulars, employees working in China who exercise share
options or are granted restricted shares will be subject to PRC individual income tax. It is unclear whether these regulations will be
expanded in the future to cover our employees in Hong Kong. Our Hong Kong subsidiaries may become obligated to file documents related
to employee share options or restricted shares with relevant tax authorities and to withhold individual income taxes of those employees
who exercise their share options. If our employees fail to pay or we fail to withhold their income taxes according to relevant laws and
regulations, we may face sanctions imposed by the tax authorities or other PRC governmental authorities. 

36 

Risks Related to our International Operations 

We are subject to risks
associated with doing business internationally including compliance with domestic and foreign laws and regulations, economic downturns,
political instability and other risks that could adversely affect our operating results. 

We conduct our businesses
and have assets located in Hong Kong. We are required to comply with numerous and broad reaching laws and regulations administered by
United States federal, state and local, and foreign governmental authorities. We must also comply with other general business regulations
such as those directed toward accounting and income taxes, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, global trade, handling of regulated substances,
and other commercial activities, conducted by our employees and third-party representatives globally. Any failure to comply with applicable
laws and regulations could subject us to administrative penalties and injunctive relief, and civil remedies including fines, injunctions,
and recalls of our products. In addition, changes to regulations or implementation of additional regulations may require us to modify
existing processing facilities and/or processes, which could significantly increase operating costs and negatively impact operating results. 

Our operating results may
be affected by changes in trade, monetary, fiscal and environmental policies, laws and regulations, and other activities of governments,
agencies, and similar organizations. These conditions include but are not limited to changes in a country s or region s economic
or political conditions, trade regulations affecting production, pricing and marketing of products, local labor conditions and regulations,
reduced protection of intellectual property rights, changes in the regulatory or legal environment, restrictions on currency exchange
activities, currency exchange fluctuations, burdensome taxes and tariffs, enforceability of legal agreements and judgments, other trade
barriers, and regulation or taxation of greenhouse gases. International risks and uncertainties, including changing social and economic
conditions as well as terrorism, political hostilities, and war, may limit our ability to transact business in these markets and may adversely
affect our revenues and operating results. 

We
may be exposed to liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and any determination that we violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practice Act, or FCPA, and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign
governments and their officials and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute for the purpose of obtaining
or retaining business. We will have operations, agreements with third parties and make sales in Asia, which may experience corruption.
Our proposed activities in Asia create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of the employees, consultants, or
sales agents of our Company, because these parties are not always subject to our control. It will be our policy to implement safeguards
to discourage these practices by our employees. Also, our existing practices and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective,
and the employees, consultants, or sales agents of our Company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations
of the FCPA may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect
our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, the government may seek to hold our Company liable for successor
liability FCPA violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. 

We expect our revenues
to be paid in non-U.S. currencies, and if currency exchange rates become unfavorable, we may lose some of the economic value of the revenues
in U.S. dollar terms. 

Our primary operations are
conducted in Hong Kong and our operating currency is the Hong Kong Dollar. Since we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars
but report our financial results in U.S. dollars, we face exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. For instance, if currency
exchange rates were to change unfavorably, the U.S. dollar equivalent of our operating income recorded in foreign currencies would be
diminished. 

37 

We currently do not, but may
in the future, implement hedging strategies, such as forward contracts, options, and foreign exchange swaps to mitigate this risk. There
is no assurance that our efforts will successfully reduce or offset our exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. Additionally, hedging
programs expose us to risks that could adversely affect our financial results, including the following: 

We have limited experience in implementing or operating hedging programs. Hedging programs are inherently risky and we could lose money as a result of poor trades; 

We may be unable to hedge currency risk for some transactions or match the accounting for the hedge with the exposure because of a high level of uncertainty or the inability to reasonably estimate our foreign exchange exposures; 

We may be unable to acquire foreign exchange hedging instruments in some of the geographic areas where we do business, or, where these derivatives are available, we may not be able to acquire enough of them to fully offset our exposure; 

We may determine that the cost of acquiring a foreign exchange hedging instrument outweighs the benefit we expect to derive from the derivative, in which case we would not purchase the derivative and would be exposed to unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates; 

To the extent we recognize a gain on a hedge transaction in one of our subsidiaries that is subject to a high statutory tax rate, and a loss on the related hedged transaction that is subject to a lower rate, our effective tax rate would be higher; and 

Significant fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could greatly increase our hedging costs. 

We anticipate increased
exposure to exchange rate fluctuations as we expand the breadth and depth of our international sales. 

In our financial statements,
we translate our local currency financial results into U.S. dollars based on average exchange rates prevailing during a reporting period
or the exchange rate at the end of that period. To the extent the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, the translation
of these foreign currency denominated transactions could result in reduced revenue, operating expenses and net income for our international
operations. Similarly, to the extent the U.S. dollar weakens against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign currency denominated
transactions could result in increased revenue, operating expenses and net income for our international operations. 

Because our holding
company structure creates restrictions on the payment of dividends, our ability to pay dividends is limited. 

We are a holding company whose
primary assets are our ownership of the equity interests in our subsidiaries. We conduct no other business and, as a result, we depend
entirely upon our subsidiaries earnings and cash flow. If we decide in the future to pay dividends, as a holding company, our ability
to pay dividends and meet other obligations depends upon the receipt of dividends or other payments from our operating subsidiaries. Our
subsidiaries and projects may be restricted in their ability to pay dividends, make distributions or otherwise transfer funds to us prior
to the satisfaction of other obligations, including the payment of operating expenses or debt service, restrictions on the conversion
of local currency into U.S. dollars or other hard currency and other regulatory restrictions. If future dividends are paid in the Hong
Kong Dollars, fluctuations in the exchange rate for the conversion of any of these currencies into U.S. dollars may adversely affect the
amount received by U.S. stockholders upon conversion of the dividend payment into U.S. dollars. We do not presently have any intention
to declare or pay dividends in the future. You should not purchase shares of our common stock in anticipation of receiving dividends in
future periods. 

38 

It may be difficult
for stockholders to enforce any judgment obtained in the United States against us, which may limit the remedies otherwise available to
our stockholders . 

Substantially all of our assets
are located in Hong Kong. Moreover, our current directors and officers are nationals of Hong Kong. All or a substantial portion of the
assets of this person are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for our stockholders to effect service of
process within the United States upon this person. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of Hong
Kong would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or such officers and/or directors predicated upon
the civil liability provisions of the securities law of the United States or any state thereof or be competent to hear original
actions brought in Hong Kong against us or such persons predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or
any state thereof. 

Risks Related to our Common
Stock 

Due to the limited trading market for our securities,
you may have difficulty selling any shares you purchase in this offering. 

While our shares of common
stock are quoted on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets Group, Inc., there is presently no meaningful demand for our common stock and virtually
no public market exists for the shares being offered in this prospectus. The OTCQB is a regulated quotation service that displays real-time
quotes, last sale prices and volume information in over-the-counter securities. The OTCQB is not an issuer listing service, market or
exchange. Although the OTCQB does not have any listing requirements per se, to be eligible for quotation on the OTCQB, issuers must remain
current in their filings with the SEC or applicable regulatory authority. Market makers are not permitted to begin quotation of a security
whose issuer does not meet this filing requirement. If no market is ever developed for our common stock, it will be difficult for you
to sell any shares you purchase in this offering. In such a case, you may find that you are unable to achieve any benefit from your investment
or liquidate your shares without considerable delay, if at all. 

Our common stock may become
subject to the penny stock rules of the sec and the trading market in our securities is limited, which makes transactions
in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. 

Under U.S. federal securities
legislation, our common stock will constitute penny stock is if has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to
certain exceptions. While the market price of our common stock is currently above 5.00, there can be no assurance that are price will
consistently remain above 5.00, given the lack of liquidity in our stock. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt,
the rules require that a broker or dealer approve a potential investor's account for transactions in penny stocks, and the broker or dealer
receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.
In order to approve an investor's account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and
investment experience objectives of the person, and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable
for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions
in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by
the Commission relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the
suitability determination. Brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules.
This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies
available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent
price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

39 

FINRA sales practice
requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In addition to the penny
stock rules described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA has adopted rules that require that
in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable
for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make
reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information.
Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not
be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers
buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

Certain restrictions
on the extent of puts may have little, if any, effect on the adverse impact of our issuance of shares in connection with the Investment
Agreement and the Equity Purchase Agreement, and as such, Strattner and Williamsburg, or the Selling Security Holders, may sell a large
number of shares, resulting in substantial dilution to the value of shares held by existing stockholders. 

Each Selling Security Holder
has agreed to refrain from holding an amount of shares which would result in Strattner and Williamsburg owning more than 9.99 and 4.99 ,
respectively, of the then-outstanding shares of our common stock at any one time. These restrictions, however, do not prevent the Selling
Security Holders from selling shares of common stock received in connection with a put, and then receiving additional shares of common
stock in connection with a subsequent put. In this way, each Selling Security Holder could sell more than the foregoing limits in a relatively
short time frame while still maintaining compliance with the prescribed limitations. 

Because the Selling
Security Holders will be paying less than the then-prevailing market price for our common stock, your ownership interest may be diluted
and the value of our common stock may decline by exercising the put right pursuant to the Investment Agreement or the Equity Purchase
Agreement. 

The common stock to be issued
to the Selling Security Holders pursuant to the Investment Agreement or the Equity Purchase Agreement will be purchased at a price that
is a discount to market. Because the put price is lower than the prevailing market price of our common stock, to the extent that the put
right is exercised, your ownership interest may be diluted. The Selling Security Holders have a financial incentive to sell our common
stock immediately upon receiving the shares to realize the profit equal to the difference between the discounted price and the market
price. If the Selling Security Holders sell the shares, the price of our common stock could decrease. If our stock price decreases, the
Selling Security Holders may have a further incentive to sell the shares of our common stock that it holds. These sales may have a further
adverse impact on our stock price. 

The pricing structure
of the Investment Agreement and the Equity Purchase Agreement may result in dilution to our stockholders. 

Pursuant to the Investment
Agreement and the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Selling Stockholders committed to purchase, subject to certain conditions, up to an aggregate
of 35,000,000 of our common stock over a prescribed period. If we sell shares to the Selling Security Holders under the Investment Agreement
or the Equity Purchase Agreement, it will have a dilutive effect on the holdings of our current stockholders, and may result in downward
pressure on the price of our common stock. If we draw down amounts under the Investment Agreement or the Equity Purchase Agreement, we
will issue shares to the Selling Security Holders at a discount. If we draw down amounts under these agreements when our share price is
decreasing, we will need to issue more shares to raise the same amount than if our stock price was higher. Issuances in the face of a
declining share price will have an even greater dilutive effect than if our share price were stable or increasing, and may further decrease
our share price. 

40 

We may not be able to
access sufficient funds pursuant to the terms of the Investment Agreement or the Equity Purchase Agreement. 

Our ability to purchase shares
of our common stock to the Selling Security Holders and obtain funds pursuant to the terms of the Investment Agreement and Equity Purchase
Agreement is limited, including restrictions on when we may exercise our put rights, restrictions on the amount we may put to the Selling
Security Holders at any one time, which is determined in part by the trading price of our common stock, and a limitation on the obligation
of the Selling Security Holders to purchase if such purchase would result in the Selling Security Holders beneficially owning more than
9.99 or 4.99 , as applicable, of our common stock. Accordingly, we may not be able to access sufficient funds when needed. 

Future
issuances of our common stock could dilute current stockholders or adversely affect the market. 

Our
business plan contemplates expanding our operations through acquisitions which may involve significant issuances of our common stock.
 Future issuances of our common stock may be at values substantially below the price paid by the current holders of our common stock.
In addition, common stock could be issued to fend off unwanted tender offers or hostile takeovers without further stockholder approval.
Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock, or even just the prospect of such sales, could depress the prevailing price of our common
stock and our ability to raise equity capital in the future. Additionally, large share issuances would generally have a negative impact
on our share price. It is possible that, due to additional share issuance, you could lose a substantial amount, or all, of your investment.
In addition, if a trading market develops for our common stock, we may attempt to raise capital by selling shares of our common stock,
possibly at a discount to market. These actions will result in dilution of the ownership interests of existing shareholders, further dilute
common stock book value, and that dilution may be material. 

The
market for penny stocks has experienced numerous frauds and abuses that could adversely impact investors in our stock. 

Company
management believes that the market for penny stocks has suffered from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: 

Control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; 

Manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; 

Boiler room practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by sales persons; 

Excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and 

Wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses. 

41 

The
market price of our common stock may be volatile, and our stock price may fall below your purchase price at the time you desire to sell
your shares of our common stock, resulting in a loss on your investment. 

The
market price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including,
without limitation: 

actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly and annual operating results, financial condition or asset quality; 

changes in general economic or business conditions, both domestically and internationally; 

the effects of, and changes in, trade, monetary and fiscal policies, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve, or in laws and regulations affecting us; 

the number of securities analysts covering us; 

publication of research reports about us, our competitors, or the financial services industry generally, or changes in, or failure to meet, securities analysts estimates of our financial and operating performance, or lack of research reports by industry analysts or ceasing of coverage; 

changes in market valuations or earnings of companies that investors deemed comparable to us; 

the average daily trading volume of our common stock; 

future issuances of our common stock or other securities; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

perceptions in the marketplace regarding our competitors and/or us; 

significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by or involving our competitors or us; and 

other news, announcements or disclosures (whether by us or others) related to us, our competitors, our core market or the financial services industry. 

The
stock market and, in particular, the market for financial institution stocks have experienced significant fluctuations in recent years.
In many cases, these changes have been unrelated to the operating performance and prospects of particular companies. In addition, significant
fluctuations in the trading volume in our common stock may cause significant price variations to occur. Increased market volatility may
materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock, which may make it difficult for you to resell your shares at the
volume, prices and times desired. 

Investing
in our Company is highly speculative and could result in the entire loss of your investment. 

An
investment in our shares is highly speculative and involves significant risk. Our shares should not be purchased by any person who cannot
afford to lose their entire investment. Our business objectives are also speculative, and it is possible that we would be unable to accomplish
them. Our shareholders may be unable to realize a substantial or any return on their purchase of the offered shares and may lose their
entire investment. For this reason, each prospective purchaser of the offered shares should read this prospectus and all of its exhibits
carefully and consult with their attorney, business and/or investment advisor. 

42 

State securities laws may
limit secondary trading, which may restrict the states in which and conditions under which you can sell the shares offered by this prospectus. 

Secondary trading in common
stock sold in this offering will not be possible in any state until the common stock is qualified for sale under the applicable securities
laws of the state or there is confirmation that an exemption, such as listing in certain recognized securities manuals, is available for
secondary trading in the state. If we fail to register or qualify, or to obtain or verify an exemption for the secondary trading of, the
common stock in any particular state, the common stock could not be offered or sold to, or purchased by, a resident of that state. In
the event that a significant number of states refuse to permit secondary trading in our common stock, the liquidity for the common stock
could be significantly impacted thus causing you to realize a loss on your investment. 

The Company does not intend
to seek registration or qualification of its shares of common stock the subject of this offering in any State or territory of the United
States. Aside from a secondary trading exemption, other exemptions under state law and the laws of US territories may be available
to purchasers of the shares of common stock sold in this offering, 

Anti-takeover effects of
certain provisions of Delaware state law hinder a potential takeover of our company. 

Though not now, in the future
we may become subject to Delaware s business combination law which prohibits certain business combinations between Delaware corporations
and interested stockholders for three years after the interested stockholder first becomes an interested
stockholder, unless the corporation's board of directors approves the combination in advance. For purposes of Delaware law, an interested
stockholder is any person who is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of fifteen percent or more of the voting power of
the outstanding voting shares of the corporation. A corporation is subject to Delaware s business combination law if it has more
than 2000 stockholders or has its securities listed on a national securities exchange. The effect of Delaware s business combination
law is to potentially discourage parties interested in taking control of our company from doing so if it cannot obtain the approval of
our board of directors. 

Because we do not intend
to pay any cash dividends on our common stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell
them. 

We intend to retain any future
earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock
in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they
sell them. Stockholders may never be able to sell shares when desired. Before you invest in our securities, you should be aware that there
are various risks. You should consider carefully these risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this annual
report before you decide to purchase our securities. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, our business,
financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

43 

ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff
Comments . 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

ITEM
2. Properties . 

Our corporate office is located
at 17/F, 80 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong. We are parties to an office rental agreement at a monthly rate of HK 2,500 (approximately
 321), for a term of 12 months. 

We
maintain our approximately 2,186 square feet production workshop at Room 8, 4/F, Trans Asia Centre, 18 Kin Hong St, Kwai Chung, Kowloon,
Hong Kong. According to the lease, we pay a monthly rent of HK 25,000 (approximately US 3,205). The lease expires on December 31, 2022.
The foregoing description of the lease and lease extension is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Lease Agreement and Extension
Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to this registration statement and incorporated herein by reference. 

We believe that our current
facilities are adequate for our current needs. We expect to secure new facilities or expand existing facilities as necessary to support
future growth. We believe that suitable additional space will be available on commercially reasonable terms as needed to accommodate our
operations. 

ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings .

There are no material pending
legal proceedings to which we or our subsidiaries are a party or to which any of our or their property is subject, nor are there any such
proceedings known to be contemplated by governmental authorities. None of our directors, officers, affiliates or any owner of record or
beneficially of more than 5 of our common stock, or any associate of any of the foregoing, is involved in a proceeding adverse to our
business or has a material interest adverse to our business. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES . 

Not applicable. 

44 

PART II 

ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 

(a) Market Information 

Shares of our common stock
are quoted on the OTC Pink under the symbol LDSN . Shares of our common stock began trading on April 1, 2020. As of March
31, 2023, the last closing price of our securities was 0.66, with little to no quoting activity. There is no established public trading
market for our securities and a regular trading market may not develop, or if developed, may not be sustained. 

The following table sets forth,
for the fiscal quarters indicated, the high and low bid information for our common stock, as reported on the Pink Sheets. The following
quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

Quarterly period 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.32 
 0.11 
 
 Third Quarter 
 1.00 
 0.11 
 
 Second Quarter 
 1.15 
 0.95 
 
 First Quarter 
 2.65 
 1.10 
 
 Fiscal year ended December 31, 2021: 

Fourth Quarter 
 8.00 
 2.00 
 
 Third Quarter 
 17.95 
 1.02 
 
 Second Quarter 
 16.00 
 5.70 
 
 First Quarter 
 5.50 
 1.75 

(b) Approximate Number of Holders of Common Stock 

As of February 13, 2023, there
were approximately 62 shareholders of record of our common stock. Such number does not include any shareholders holding shares in nominee
or street name . 

(c) Dividends 

Holders of our common stock
are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors. On January 2, 2020, prior to the consummation of
the acquisition of LHCL, LHCL declared and paid dividends of 184,919 to the shareholders. Except as otherwise set forth above, we paid
no dividends during the periods reported herein, nor do we anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

(d) Equity Compensation Plan Information 

None. 

(e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

45 

ITEM 6. RESERVED . 

ITEM 7. Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

This discussion summarizes
the significant factors affecting the operating results, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows of the Company and its subsidiary
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. The discussion and analysis that follows should be read together with the section
entitled Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements and our consolidated financial statements and the notes to
the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Except for historical information,
the matters discussed in this section are forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and are based upon judgments
concerning various factors that are beyond the Company s control. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently
subject to risks and uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the
forward-looking statements. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report. 

Currency and exchange
rate 

Unless otherwise noted,
all currency figures quoted as U.S. dollars , dollars or US refer to the legal currency of the
United States. References to Hong Kong Dollar are to the Hong Kong Dollar, the legal currency of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region of the People s Republic of China. Throughout this report, assets and liabilities of the Company s subsidiaries are
translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing
during the period. The gains and losses resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are recorded as a separate
component of accumulated other comprehensive income within the statement of stockholders equity. 

Impact of COVID-19 on our business 

The outbreak of COVID-19 that
started in late January 2020 in the PRC has negatively affected our business. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19
as a pandemic and has resulted in quarantines, travel restrictions, and the temporary closure of stores and business facilities in China
and the U.S. in the subsequent months. Given the rapidly expanding nature of the COVID-19 pandemic, and because substantially all of the
Company s business operations and its workforce are concentrated in China, the Company s business, results of operations,
and financial condition for calendar year 2020 have been adversely affected. 

Management believes that COVID-19
could continue to have a material impact on its financial results for the first half of calendar year 2021 and could cause the potential
impairment of certain assets. To mitigate the overall financial impact of COVID-19 on the Company s business, management has worked
closely with its service centers to enhance their marketing and promotion activities during the second quarter of 2021 that were designed
to generate sales in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2021. 

To resume normal operations
in the second quarter of 2021, we believe that the Company can generate sufficient cash flow over the next 12 months to implement the
revised business plan. 

46 

Results of Operations 

We are not required to obtain permission
from the Chinese authorities to operate or to issue securities to foreign investors. 

Our audited consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that we will be able to continue to operate in the future in the
normal course of business. In our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, it has included a note
about our ability to continue as a going concern due to consecutive quarterly losses from operations in 2021 as a result of COVID-19.
Business closures in Hong Kong and limitations on business operations arising from COVID-19 has significantly disrupted our ability to
generate revenues and cash flow during the fiscal year 2022. 

The success of our business
strategy is dependent in part upon the availability of additional capital resources on terms satisfactory to management as we are not
generating sufficient revenues from our business operations. Our sources of capital in the past have included advance from stockholders
and affiliates. There can be no assurance that we can raise such additional capital resources on satisfactory terms. We believe that our
current cash and other sources of liquidity discussed above are adequate to support operations for at least the next 12 months. We anticipate
continuing to rely on equity sales of our common shares and shareholder loans in order to continue to fund our business operations. Issuances
of additional shares will result in dilution to our existing shareholders. There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales
of our equity securities or arrange for debt or other financing to fund our plan of operations. 

Comparison of the years ended December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 

The following table sets forth certain operational
data for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues, net 
 52,361 
 1,001,438 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 (7,663 
 (230,840 
 
 Gross profit 
 44,698 
 770,598 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (467,651 
 (5,214,194 
 
 Other (expenses) income 
 86,535 

Loss before Income Taxes 
 (336,418 
 (4,443,596 
 
 Income tax expense 
 
 (90,993 
 
 Net loss 
 (336,418 
 (4,534,589 

47 

Revenue . We generated
revenues of 52,361 and 1,001,438 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The significant decrease is due to the decrease in
business volume due to downturn economy under the pandemic, respectively. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the following customers accounted for 10 or more of our total net revenues: 

Revenues 
(US 

Percentages of 
Revenues 

Accounts 
Receivable 
(US 

Ease Audio Group Limited 

52,361 

100 

19,211 

Total: 

52,361 

100 

19,211 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, the following customers accounted for 10 or more of our total net revenues: 

Revenues 
(US 

Percentages of 
Revenues 

Accounts 
Receivable 
(US 

Ease Audio Group Limited 

693,304 

70 

2,427,487 

Yu Lin Nuo Ya Interactive Entertainment Company Limited 

154,067 

15 

1,509,812 

Shenzhen Jiu Sheng Optoelectronic Comm Tech Co., Ltd 

154,067 

15 

1,164,531 

Total: 

1,001,438 

100 

5,101,830 

All customers are located
in the PRC and Hong Kong. 

Cost of Revenue . Cost
of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 7,663, and as a percentage of net revenue, approximately 14.6 . Cost of revenue
for the year months ended December 31, 2021, was 230,840, and as a percentage of net revenue, approximately 23.0 . Cost of revenue decreased
primarily as a result of the decrease in our business volume. 

Gross Profit . We achieved
a gross profit of 44,698 and 770,598 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in gross profit is primarily
attributable to the decrease in our business volume. 

Operating Expenses .
We incurred operating expenses of 467,651 and 5,214,194 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Operating expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisted of 72,581 of professional fees, 116,667 of debt discount and 278,403 of general and
administrative expenses. Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisted of 4,977,996 in allowance for doubtful accounts,
 88,932 of professional fees and 147,266 of general and administrative expenses. The decrease in general and administrative expenses
is attributable to a significant decrease in allowance for doubtful accounts. 

Income Tax Expense .
Our income tax expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 90,993, respectively. 

Net Loss . We incurred
a net loss of 336,418 and 4,534,589 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in net loss is primarily
attributable to the decrease in our business volume and a significant allowance for doubtful accounts. 

48 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 37,212, net accounts receivable of 19,211, deposits, prepayments and other
receivables of 826,844, debt discount of 583,333 a nd amount due from a director of 24,840. 

As of December 31, 2021, we
had cash and cash equivalents of 290, net accounts receivable of 129,150, deposits, prepayments and other receivables of 827,971 and
debt discount of 700,000. 

We believe that our current
cash and other sources of liquidity discussed below are adequate to support general operations for at least the next 12 months. It is
expected to incur significantly greater expenses in the near future as we develop our product offerings or enter into strategic partnerships.
We also expect our general and administrative expenses to increase as we expand our finance and administrative staff, add infrastructure,
and incur additional costs related to being reporting act company, including directors and officers insurance and increased
professional fees. We believe that we will require approximately 1 to 2 million over the next 12-24 months to implement our business
plan. For the immediate future, we intend to finance our business expansion efforts through equity purchase by institutional banks, and
loans from existing shareholders or financial institutions. 

We have never paid dividends
on our Common Stock. Our present policy is to apply cash to investments in product development, acquisitions or expansion; consequently,
we do not expect to pay dividends on Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 

Going Concern Uncertainties 

Our continuation as a going
concern is dependent upon improving our profitability and the continuing financial support from our stockholders. Our sources of capital
in the past have included the sale of equity securities, which include common stock sold in private transactions and public offerings,
lease liability and short-term and long-term debts. In addition, with respect to the ongoing and evolving coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak,
which was designated as a pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020, the outbreak has caused substantial disruption
in international economies and global trades and if repercussions of the outbreak are prolonged, could have a significant adverse impact
on our business. Given the addition political and public health challenges, our ability to obtain external financing or financing from
existing shareholders to fund our working capital needs has been materially and adversely impacted, and there can be no assurance that
we will be able to raise such additional capital resources on satisfactory terms. We believe that our current cash and other sources of
liquidity discussed below are adequate to support general operations for at least the next 12 months. 

We require additional funding
to meet its ongoing obligations and to fund anticipated operating losses. Our auditor has expressed substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to fund its initial business
plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect
the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result in the Company not being
able to continue as a going concern. 

We expect to incur marketing
and professional and administrative expenses as well expenses associated with maintaining our filings with the Commission. We will require
additional funds during this time and will seek to raise the necessary additional capital. If we are unable to obtain additional financing,
we may be required to reduce the scope of our business development activities, which could harm our business plans, financial condition
and operating results. Additional funding may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. We intend to continue to fund its business
by way of equity or debt financing and advances from related parties. Any inability to raise capital as needed would have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

49 

If we cannot raise additional
funds, we will have to cease business operations. As a result, our common stock investors might lose all of their investment. 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 76,698 
 (4,982 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

Net cash used in financing activities 
 (38,570 
 (14,560 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was 76,698, which consisted primarily of a net loss of 336,418, offset by a decrease
in deposits, prepayments and other receivables of 1,127, a decrease in accounts receivables of 196,481, an increase in accrued expenses
and other payables of 32,876, and depreciation of plant and equipment of 152,507 and debt discount of 116,667. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 4,982, which consisted primarily of net loss of 4,534,589, depreciation of plant
and equipment of 157,487, allowance for doubtful accounts of 4,977,996 and an increase of accrued expenses and other payables of 77,805
and tax payable of 86,638, offset by an increase in accounts receivable of 607,400, an increase in deposits, prepayments and other receivables
of 162,919. 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, there is no net cash provided by investing activities. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, there is no net cash provided by investing activities. 

Net Cash (Used In) Provided by Financing Activities. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was 38,570, consisting primarily of advance to a director. 

 For the year ended December
31, 2021, net cash used in financing activities was 14,560, consisting primarily of advance to a director. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have not entered into any
financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. In addition, we have not entered
into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our own shares and classified as shareholders equity, or that are not reflected
in our financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated
entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. Moreover, we do not have any variable interest in an unconsolidated
entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development
services with us. 

50 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

We prepare our financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted by the United States of America U.S. GAAP ), which require us
to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect our reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and
any related disclosures. Although there were no material changes made to the accounting estimates and assumptions in the past three years,
we continually evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on the most recently available information, our own historical experience
and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Since the use of estimates is an integral component
of the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from our expectations as a result of changes in our estimates. 

We believe that our accounting
policies involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity in their application and require us to make significant accounting estimates.
Accordingly, the policies we believe are the most critical to understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results
of operations are summarized in Note 3 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to our consolidated financial
statements. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 2 - Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting
pronouncements. 

The Company believes that
other recent accounting pronouncement will not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results
of operations and cash flows. 

ITEM
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

ITEM 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The consolidated financial
statements and the Report of Independent Registered Certified Public Accounting Firm thereon are filed pursuant to this Item 8 and are
included in this report beginning on page F-1. 

51 

LUDUSON G INC. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 F-22 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

F- 2 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current asset: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 37,212 
 290 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 19,211 
 129,150 
 
 Amount due from a director 
 24,840 

Debt discount 
 583,333 
 700,000 
 
 Deposits, prepayments and other receivables 
 826,844 
 827,971 

Total current assets 
 1,491,440 
 1,657,411 

Non-current asset: 

Plant and equipment 
 109,373 
 262,677 

TOTAL ASSETS 
 1,600,813 
 1,920,088 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 
 137,453 
 104,577 
 
 Amount due to a director 
 
 13,730 
 
 Tax payable 
 829,070 
 830,200 

Total current liabilities 
 966,523 
 948,507 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 966,523 
 948,507 

Commitments and contingencies 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, 0.0001 par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common stock, 0.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 28,210,000 and 28,210,000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 2,821 
 2,821 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 1,032,179 
 1,032,179 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 (13,165 
 (12,292 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (387,545 
 (51,127 

Shareholders equity 
 634,290 
 971,581 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 1,600,813 
 1,920,088 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 3 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
(LOSS) INCOME 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US )) 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue, net 
 52,361 
 1,001,438 

Cost of revenue 
 (7,663 
 (230,840 

Gross profit 
 44,698 
 770,598 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 
 (278,403 
 (236,198 
 
 Debt discount 
 (116,667 

Professional fee 
 (72,581 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 
 (4,977,996 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (467,651 
 (5,214,194 

Loss from operation 
 (422,953 
 (4,443,596 

Other (expenses) income: 

Interest expense 
 (7 

Bad debt recovery 
 86,542 

Total other expenses 
 86,535 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
 (336,418 
 (4,443,596 

Income tax expense 
 
 (90,993 

NET LOSS 
 (336,418 
 (4,534,589 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Foreign currency translation loss 
 (873 
 (22,865 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (337,291 
 (4,557,454 

Net loss per share: 

Basic and diluted 
 (0.01 
 (0.16 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted 
 28,210,000 
 28,141,233 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US )) 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 
 (336,418 
 (4,534,589 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Depreciation of plant and equipment 
 152,507 
 157,487 
 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 
 4,977,996 
 
 Bad debt recovery 
 (86,542 

Debt discount 
 116,667 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 196,481 
 (607,400 
 
 Deposits, prepayments and other receivables 
 1,127 
 (162,919 
 
 Accrued expenses and other payables 
 32,876 
 77,805 
 
 Tax payable 
 
 86,638 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 76,698 
 (4,982 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of plant and equipment 
 
 (462,109 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayment to a director 
 (38,570 
 (14,560 

Net cash used in financing activities 
 (38,570 
 (14,560 

Effect on exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents 
 (1,206 
 (20,615 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 36,922 
 (40,157 

BEGINNING OF YEAR 
 290 
 40,447 

END OF YEAR 
 37,212 
 290 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for tax 

Cash paid for interest 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Common stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Accumulated other comprehensive 
 Retained 
 Total shareholders 

No. of shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 (loss) income 
 earnings 
 equity 

Balance as at January 1, 2021 
 28,110,000 
 2,811 
 332,189 
 10,573 
 4,483,462 
 4,829,035 

Shares issued for commitment shares as debt discount 
 100,000 
 10 
 699,990 

700,000 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 

(22,865 
 
 (22,865 
 
 Net loss for the year 

(4,534,589 
 (4,534,589 

Balance as at December 31, 2021 
 28,210,000 
 2,821 
 1,032,179 
 (12,292 
 (51,127 
 971,581 

Balance as at January 1, 2022 
 28,210,000 
 2,821 
 1,032,179 
 (12,292 
 (51,127 
 971,581 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

(873 
 
 (873 
 
 Net loss for the year 

(336,418 
 (336,418 

Balance as at December 31, 2022 
 28,210,000 
 2,821 
 1,032,179 
 (13,165 
 (387,545 
 634,290 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 6 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

1. 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION 

Luduson G Inc. the Company or LDSN was organized under the laws of the State of Delaware on March 6, 2014 under the name Jovanovic-Steele, Inc. The Company s name
was changed to Baja Custom Designs, Inc. on November 30, 2017. The Company was established as part of the Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization
of Pacific Shores Development, Inc. PSD ). The Company s name was further changed to Luduson G Inc. on July 15, 2020. 

Currently, the Company through its subsidiaries,
mainly provide events marketing strategies with a combination of digital interactive solutions and content production services in Hong
Kong. The Company is principally engaged in developing and distributing digital entertainment - interactive game software and providing
system development consultancy, maintenance services to the customers and providing interactive games installations in shopping mall events,
exhibitions and brand promotions. 

On April 15, 2020, Linda Master, the former Chief
Executive Officer, President and majority owner of the Company, sold 14,960,000 shares of her common stock of the Company, or 95.8 of
the issued and outstanding stock of the Company, to Lan Chan, the current Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
of the Company. 

On May 8, 2020, the Company executed a Share Exchange
Agreement with Luduson Holding Company Limited, a limited liability company organized under the laws of British Virgin Islands LHCL ),
and the shareholders of LHCL. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company purchased Ten Thousand (10,000) shares of LHCL (the
 LHCL Shares ), representing all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of LHCL. As consideration, the Company
agreed to issue to the shareholders of LHCL Ten Million (10,000,000) shares of its common stock, at a value of 0.10 per share, for an
aggregate value of 1,000,000. The Company consummated the acquisition of LHCL on May 22, 2020. 

Because the Company is a shell company, LHCL will
comprise the ongoing operations of the combined entity and its senior management will serve as the senior management of the combined entity,
LHCL is deemed to be the accounting acquirer for accounting purposes. The transaction will be treated as a recapitalization of the Company.
Accordingly, the consolidated assets, liabilities and results of operations of the Company will become the historical financial statements
of LHCL, and the Company s assets, liabilities and results of operations will be consolidated with LHCL beginning on the acquisition
date. LHCL was the legal acquiree but deemed to be the accounting acquirer. The Company was the legal acquirer but deemed to be the accounting
acquiree in the reverse merger. The historical financial statements prior to the acquisition are those of the accounting acquirer (LHCL).
After completion of the Share Exchange Transaction, the Company s consolidated financial statements include the assets and liabilities,
the operations and cash flow of the accounting acquirer. 

Description of subsidiaries 

Name 

Place of incorporation 
 and kind of 
 legal entity 
 
 Principal activities 
 
 Particulars of registered/ paid up share capital 

Effective interest 
 held 

Luduson Holding Company Limited 
 
 British Virgin Islands 
 
 Investment holding 
 
 10,000 ordinary shares at par value of 1 
 
 100 

Luduson Entertainment Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 
 10,000 ordinary shares for HK 10,000 
 
 100 

G Music Asia Limited 
 
 British Virgin Islands 
 
 Event planning 
 
 2 ordinary shares at par value of 1 
 
 100 

The Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter
referred to as (the Company ). 

F- 7 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

2. 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
reflect the application of certain significant accounting policies as described in this note and elsewhere in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements and notes. 

Basis of presentation 

These accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America US GAAP ). 

Use of estimates and assumptions 

In preparing these consolidated financial statements,
management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheet and revenues
and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Basis of consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include
the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company
have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost
and represent cash on hand, demand deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions and all highly liquid investments with an
original maturity of three months or less as of the purchase date of such investments. 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced
amount and do not bear interest, which are due within contractual payment terms, generally 30 to 90 days from completion of service. Credit
is extended based on evaluation of a customer's financial condition, the customer credit-worthiness and their payment history. Accounts
receivable outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. Past due balances over 90 days and over a specified
amount are reviewed individually for collectibility. At the end of fiscal year, the Company specifically evaluates individual customer s
financial condition, credit history, and the current economic conditions to monitor the progress of the collection of accounts receivables.
The Company will consider the allowance for doubtful accounts for any estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to
make required payments. For the receivables that are past due or not being paid according to payment terms, the appropriate actions are
taken to exhaust all means of collection, including seeking legal resolution in a court of law. Account balances are charged off against
the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company does
not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to its customers. The allowance for doubtful accounts was 4,879,118 and 4,972,680
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 8 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Plant and equipment 

Plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis over the following expected
useful lives from the date on which they become fully operational and after taking into account their estimated residual values: 

Expected useful lives 

Leasehold improvement 
 
 3 years 

Computer equipment 
 
 3-5 years 

Furniture and equipment 
 
 5 years 

Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed
as incurred. When assets have been retired or sold, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any
resulting gain or loss is recognized in the results of operations. 

Revenue recognition 

The Company recognizes
revenue from its contracts with customers in accordance with ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company
recognizes revenues when satisfying the performance obligation of the associated contract that reflects the consideration expected to
be received based on the terms of the contract. 

Under ASC 606, a performance obligation is a promise
within a contract to transfer a distinct good or service, or a series of distinct goods and services, to a customer. Revenue is recognized
when performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of promised goods or services. The amount of revenue recognized
reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for goods or services. Under the standard,
a contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements
that the Company determines are within the scope of ASC 606, the Company performs the following five steps: 

identify the contract with a customer; 

identify the performance obligations in the contract; 

determine the transaction price; 

allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and 

recognize revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied. 

The transaction price for each contract is determined
based on the amount the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for transferring the promised products or services to the
customer. Collectability of revenue is reasonably assured based on historical evidence of collectability of fees the Company charges its
customers. The transaction price in the contract is allocated to each distinct performance obligation in an amount that represents the
relative amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for satisfying each performance obligation. Revenue is recognized
when performance obligations are satisfied. At contract inception, the Company determines whether it satisfies the performance obligation
over time or at a point in time. 

The Company derives its revenues from the sale
of marketing software solution and maintenance service, in a monthly term. The Company s performance obligation includes the software
maintenance to certain digital interactive system or outdoor LED interactive gaming system. 

F- 9 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

The majority of the Company s contracts
with customers only contain a single performance obligation. When the agreements involve with multiple performance obligations, the Company
will account for individual performance obligations separately, if they are distinct. 

The Company recognizes its revenue upon the rendering
of certain services, upon the monthly billing. 

Cost of revenue 

Cost of revenue consists primarily of the fees
paid to contracted programmers and labor costs, which are directly attributable to the rendering of services. 

Income taxes 

The Company adopted the ASC 740 Income tax 
provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13, which addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a
tax return should be recorded in the consolidated financial statements. Under paragraph 740-10-25-13, the Company may recognize the tax
benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the
taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements
from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50 likelihood of being realized
upon ultimate settlement. Paragraph 740-10-25-13 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income
taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities for
unrecognized income tax benefits according to the provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13. 

The estimated future tax effects of temporary
differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs
and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded on its balance sheets and provides
valuation allowances as management deems necessary. 

Uncertain tax positions 

The Company did not take any uncertain tax positions
and had no adjustments to its income tax liabilities or benefits pursuant to the ASC 740 provisions of Section 740-10-25 for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Foreign currencies translation 

Transactions denominated in currencies other than
the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency
using the applicable exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded in the consolidated statement
of operations. 

The reporting currency of the Company is United
States Dollar US and the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been expressed in US . In addition, the Company
is operating in Hong Kong and maintain its books and record in its local currency, Hong Kong Dollars HKD ), which is a functional
currency as being the primary currency of the economic environment in which their operations are conducted. In general, for consolidation
purposes, assets and liabilities of its subsidiary whose functional currency is not US are translated into US , in accordance with ASC
Topic 830-30, Translation of Financial Statement , using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and
expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the period. The gains and losses resulting from translation of financial statements
of foreign subsidiary are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income within the statements of changes
in shareholders equity. 

F- 10 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Translation of amounts from HKD into US has been
made at the following exchange rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31,2022 
 December 31,2021 
 
 Year-end HKD:US exchange rate 
 7.80776 
 0.12825 
 
 Annual average HKD:US exchange rate 
 7.83025 
 0.12839 

Comprehensive income 

ASC Topic 220, Comprehensive Income ,
establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components and accumulated balances. Comprehensive income
as defined includes all changes in equity during a period from non-owner sources. Accumulated other comprehensive income, as presented
in the accompanying consolidated statements of changes in shareholders equity, consists of changes in unrealized gains and losses
on foreign currency translation. This comprehensive income is not included in the computation of income tax expense or benefit. 

Retirement plan costs 

Contributions to retirement plans (which are defined
contribution plans) are charged to general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operation as the related employee
service are provided. 

Share-based compensation 

The Company follows ASC 718, Compensation Stock
Compensation ASC 718 ), which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment
awards, including restricted stock units, based on estimated grant date fair values. Restricted stock units are valued using the market
price of the Company s common shares on the date of grant. The Company records compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures,
over the requisite service period. 

Debt issued with common stock 

Debt issued
with common stock is accounted for under the guidelines established by ASC 470-20 Accounting for Debt With Conversion or Other
Options . The Company recorded the relative fair value of common stock and warrants related to the issuance of debt as a debt discount
or premium. The discount or premium is subsequently amortized to interest expense over the expected term of the debt. 

Leases 

The Company
adopts the FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842). for all periods presented. 
This standard requires lessees to recognize lease assets right of use and related lease obligations lease liabilities on the balance sheet for leases with terms in excess of 12 months. 

The Company determines
if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use ROU assets and
operating lease liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in finance lease ROU assets and finance lease
liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 

ROU assets represent
the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation
to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease and finance lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at January
1, 2019 based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term discounted using the rate implicit in the lease. In cases where
the implicit rate is not readily determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement
date in determining the present value of lease payments. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over
the lease term. 

F- 11 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Related parties 

The Company follows the ASC 850-10, Related
Party for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. 

Pursuant to section 850-10-20 the related parties
include a) affiliates of the Company; b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election
of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of section 825 10 15, to be accounted for by the equity method
by the investing entity; c) trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and Income-sharing trusts that are managed by or under
the trusteeship of management; d) principal owners of the Company; e) management of the Company; f) other parties with which the Company
may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one
of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g) other parties that can significantly
influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting
parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully
pursuing its own separate interests. 

The consolidated financial statements shall include
disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items
in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated or combined
financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a) the nature of the relationship(s) involved;
b) a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods
for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions
on the financial statements; c) the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented
and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d) amount due from
or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. 

Commitments and contingencies 

The Company follows the ASC 450-20, Commitments 
to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result
in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such
contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal
proceedings that are pending against the Company or un-asserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the
perceived merits of any legal proceedings or un-asserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected
to be sought therein. 

F- 12 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

If the assessment of a contingency indicates that
it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would
be accrued in the Company s consolidated financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency
is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an
estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. 

Loss contingencies considered remote are generally
not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not believe, based upon
information available at this time that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results
of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company s
business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. 

Fair value of financial instruments 

The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of
the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and has adopted paragraph 820-10-35-37
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Paragraph 820-10-35-37 to measure the fair value of its financial instruments.
Paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair
value measurements and related disclosures, paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a fair value
hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value
hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest
priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification are described below: 

Level 1 
 
 Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. 

Level 2 
 
 Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. 

Level 3 
 
 Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. 

Financial assets are considered Level 3 when their
fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant
model assumption or input is unobservable. 

The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority
to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. If
the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the categorization is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument. 

The carrying amounts of the Company s financial
assets and liabilities, such as cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, deposits, prepayment and other receivables, amount due
from a director and operating lease right-of-use assets, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. 

F- 13 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Recent accounting pronouncements 

From time to time, new accounting pronouncements
are issued by the Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB or other standard setting bodies and adopted by the Company
as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the Company believes that the impact of recently issued standards that
are not yet effective will not have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 

In May 2021,
the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications
and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified
Written Call Options. This ASU clarifies the accounting for modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call
options (i.e. warrants) so that the transaction should be treated as an exchange of the original instrument for a new instrument. This
standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 on a prospective basis, with early adoption permitted. The Company
adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2022, and the adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on its consolidated
financial statements. 

In December
2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 .
This ASU defers the sunset date of Topic 848, which provides relief to entities affected by reference rate reform. The ASU defers the
sunset date of Topic 848 from December 31, 2022, to December 31, 2025. The standard is effective immediately and the Company adopted the
standard in December 2022 with no financial impact. The Company is currently assessing the impact ASU 2020-04, for which this ASU 2022-06
relates, will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

The Company has reviewed all recently issued,
but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may be expected to
cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 

3. 
 COVID-19 RELATED RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES 

Since the beginning of 2020, COVID-19 has become
a global pandemic. As a result of the measures implemented by governments around the world, the business operations have been directly
affected. In particular, during 2022, the Company experienced a significant decline in demand for marketing and gaming businesses, as
a result of the reduction in cost budgets by the merchandizers and competition in online gaming businesses. In order to mitigate the risk
from COVID-19, the Company took expedited measures to reduce operating expenses and preserve cash, including headcount reduction, freezing
hiring and voluntary salary reductions from the senior leadership. The majority of the Company s customers suffered from liquidity
difficulties and deteriorated the collection of the accounts receivables. 

Due to the speed and fluidity with which the COVID-19
pandemic continues to evolve, and the emergence of highly contagious variants, the Company has experienced by a certain extent of the
impact of COVID-19 on its business operations. The ultimate extent of the impact of any epidemic, pandemic, outbreak, or other public
health crisis on the business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of such epidemic, pandemic, outbreak, or other
public health crisis and actions taken to contain or prevent the further spread, including the effectiveness of vaccination and booster
vaccination campaigns, among others. Accordingly, the Company cannot predict the extent to which our business, financial condition and
results of operations will be affected. 

F- 14 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

4. 
 GOING CONCERN UNCERTAINTIES 

The Company s consolidated financial statements
as of December 31, 2022 been prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going
concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has
incurred a net loss of 336,418 for the current year. In addition, with respect to the ongoing and evolving coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak,
which was designated as a pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020, the outbreak has caused substantial disruption
in international and U.S. economies and markets and if repercussions of the outbreak are prolonged, could have a significant adverse impact
on the Company s business. 

In order to continue as a going concern, the Company
will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s plan is to obtain such resources for the Company by obtaining
capital and the continued financial support from management and significant shareholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses
and seeking third party equity and/or debt financing. Management believes the Company is currently pursuing additional financing for its
operations. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in securing sufficient funds to sustain the operations. 

These and other factors raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result in the Company
not being able to continue as a going concern. 

5. 
 BUSINESS SEGMENT 

The Company considers its business activities
to constitute two reportable segments. The segment analysis of the Company s revenues is as follows: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Digital marketing 

52,361 

577,753 

Entertainment 

- 

423,685 

52,361 

1,001,438 

F- 15 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

6. 
 ACCOUNTS AND RETENTION RECEIVABLE 

The majority of the Company s sales are
on open credit terms and in accordance with terms specified in the contracts governing the relevant transactions. The Company evaluates
the need of an allowance for doubtful accounts based on specifically identified amounts that management believes to be uncollectible.
If actual collections experience changes, revisions to the allowance may be required. Based upon the aforementioned criteria, the Company
has not provided the allowance for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as follows: 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Accounts receivable, cost 
 4,898,329 
 5,101,830 
 
 Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 
 (4,879,118 
 (4,972,680 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 19,211 
 129,150 

As the COVID-19 pandemic evolves, the Company 
customers suffer from a general economic downturn in Hong Kong and China, including, but not limited to, financial market volatility and
erosion, deteriorating credit, liquidity concerns, further increases in government intervention, increasing unemployment, broad declines
in consumer discretionary spending, reductions in production because of decreased demand, layoffs and other restructuring activities.
The Company s business has been directly affected and experienced from the deteriorating collection trend and considered to make
a significant allowance for long-aged and doubtful accounts receivable. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company reversed 86,542 as bad debt recovery and made 4,977,996 on the allowance for doubtful accounts and charged to the consolidated
statements of operations, respectively. 

F- 16 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

7. 
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 

Plant and equipment consisted of the following: 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Leasehold improvement 
 64,495 
 64,495 
 
 Computer equipment 
 418,371 
 418,371 
 
 Furniture and equipment 
 6,908 
 6,908 
 
 Foreign translation difference 
 (3,314 
 (2,651 

486,460 
 487,123 
 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 (377,316 
 (224,809 
 
 Less: foreign translation difference 
 229 
 363 

109,373 
 262,677 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 were 152,507 and 157,487, respectively. 

8. 
 DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES 

Deposits, prepayments and other receivables consisted
of the following: 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Deposit for business project 
 138,426 
 138,615 
 
 Prepayment for vending machine 
 518,715 
 519,422 
 
 Prepayments 
 166,501 
 166,728 
 
 Rental deposit 
 3,202 
 3,206 

826,844 
 827,971 

Prepayment for business project represents the
security deposit to the project under the collaboration agreement, which is unsecured and non-refundable. The prepayment will be charged
to the project cost upon the commencement of its project in the next six months. 

Prepayment for vending machine represents the
purchase deposit of purchasing vending machines. The prepayment will be charged to the project cost upon the use of the machine in the
next twelve months. 

F- 17 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

9. 
 AMOUNT DUE FROM (TO) A RELATED PARTY 

As of December 31, 2022, the amount due from (to)
a related party, represented temporary advances made to (by) and repayments to the Company s director, Mr. Wong Ka Leung, which
was unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. Imputed interest on this amount is considered insignificant. 

10. 
 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Authorized shares 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the authorized
share capital of the Company consisted of 100,000,000 shares of common stock with 0.0001 par value, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred
stock also with 0.0001 par value. No other classes of stock are authorized. 

The Company's first issuance of common stock,
totaling 580,000 shares, took place on March 6, 2014 pursuant to the Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization confirmed by the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court in the matter of Pacific Shores Development, Inc. PSD ). The Court ordered the distribution of shares in the Company
to all general unsecured creditors of PSD, with these creditors to receive their Pro Rata share (according to amount of debt held) of
a pool of 80,000 shares in the Company. The Court also ordered the distribution of shares in the Company to all administrative creditors
of PSD, with these creditors to receive one share of common stock in the Company for each 0.10 of PSD's administrative debt which they
held. A total of 500,000 shares were issued to PSD s administrative creditors. 

The Court has also ordered the distribution of
2,500,000 warrants in the Company to all administrative creditors of PSD, with these creditors to receive five warrants in the Company
for each 0.10 of PSD's administrative debt which they held. These creditors received 2,500,000 warrants consisting of 500,000 A
Warrants each convertible into one share of common stock at an exercise price of 4.00; 500,000 B Warrants each convertible
into one share of common stock at an exercise price of 5.00; 500,000 C Warrants each convertible into one share of common
stock at an exercise price of 6.00; 500,000 D Warrants each convertible into one share of common stock at an exercise price
of 7.00; and 500,000 E Warrants each convertible into one share of common stock at an exercise price of 8.00. All warrants
are exercisable at any time prior to August 30, 2025. As of the date of this report, no warrants have been exercised. 

On May 22, 2020, the Company consummated the acquisition
of LHCL and agreed to issue to the shareholders of LHCL Ten Million (10,000,000) shares of its common stock, at a value of 0.10 per share,
for an aggregate value of 1,000,000. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
has a total of 2,500,000 shares of warrants. 

Issued and outstanding shares 

On January 2, 2020, the Company declared and paid
a dividend of 184,919 to its shareholders. 

On May 8,
2020, the Company executed a Share Exchange Agreement the Share Exchange Agreement with Luduson Holding Company
Limited, a limited company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands LHCL ), and the shareholders of LHCL.
Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company agreed to purchase Ten Thousand (10,000) ordinary shares representing 100 of the
issued and outstanding ordinary shares of the LHCL (the LHCL Shares ). As consideration, the Company agreed to issue to the
shareholders of LHCL Ten Million (10,000,000) shares of its common stock, at a value of US 0.10 per share, for an aggregate value of US 1,000,000.
The Company consummated the acquisition of LHCL on May 22, 2020. 

F- 18 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

On May 8, 2020, the Company and its shareholders
executed a Share Exchange Agreement the Share Exchange Agreement with Baji Custom Design Inc., a limited company
organized under the laws of the State of Delaware BJCD ). Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company agreed to
sell its aggregate of 10,000 ordinary shares representing 100 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of the Company. As consideration,
the Company s Shareholders were received 10,000,000 shares of BJCD s common stock, at a value of 0.10 per share, for an aggregate
value of 1,000,000 (the Shares ). The parties are entitled to terminate the Share Exchange Agreement if closing has not
occurred on or prior to August 1, 2020. The consummation of the transactions contemplated in the Share Exchange Agreement is subject to
normal and customary conditions precedent including, without limitation, satisfactory due diligence of the Company by BJCD. 

On September 9, 2020, the Company issued 2,500,000
shares of its common stock to five individuals of consultants and service providers for the IT programming and marketing services rendered
to the Company, at the fair value of 0.13 per shares, totally 325,000. 

In September 2021, the Company issued 100,000
restricted shares of its common stock to Williamsburg as Initial Commitment Shares which is treated as debt discount and it will be amortized
 to interest expense over the expected term of the debt . 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
has a total of 28,210,000 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding. 

11. 
 INCOME TAX 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the local United States of America and foreign components of (loss) income before income taxes were comprised of the following: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Domestic 
 (166,167 

Foreign 
 (170,251 
 (4,534,589 
 
 Total 
 (336,418 
 (4,534,589 

The provision for income taxes as shown in the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations consists of the following: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Current: 

Domestic 

Foreign 
 
 90,993 

Deferred: 

Domestic 

Foreign 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 90,993 

F- 19 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

The effective tax rate in the years presented
is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range of income tax rate. The Company operates
in various countries: United States of America and Hong Kong that are subject to taxes in the jurisdictions in which they operate, as
follows: 

United States of America 

LDSN is registered in the State of Delaware and
is subject to US federal corporate income tax. The U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Reform Act was signed into law.
The Tax Reform Act significantly revised the U.S. corporate income tax regime by, among other things, lowering the U.S. corporate tax
rate from 35 to 21 effective January 1, 2018. The Company s policy is to recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits in its income tax provision. The Company has not accrued or paid interest or penalties which were not material to its results
of operations for the periods presented. Deferred tax asset is not provided for as the tax losses may not be able to carry forward after
a change in substantial ownership of the Company in May 2020. 

As of December 31, 2022, the operations in the
United States of America incurred 509,783 of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward to offset future taxable income.
The net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2038, if unutilized. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance against
the deferred tax assets of 107,054 on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes
it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. 

ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes , which
requires an assessment of both positive and negative evidence when determining whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets
are recoverable. Such assessment is required on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. The Company s history of cumulative losses,
along with expected future U.S. losses required that a full valuation allowance be recorded against all net deferred tax assets. The Company
intends to maintain a full valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets until sufficient positive evidence exists to support reversal
of the valuation allowance. 

BVI 

Under the current BVI law, the Company is not
subject to tax on income. 

Hong Kong 

The Company s subsidiary operating in Hong
Kong is subject to the Hong Kong Profits Tax at the two-tiered profits tax rates from 8.25 to 16.5 on the estimated assessable profits
arising in Hong Kong during the current year, after deducting a tax concession for the tax year. The reconciliation of income tax rate
to the effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Loss before income taxes 
 (28,091 
 (4,443,596 
 
 Statutory income tax rate 
 16.5 
 16.5 
 
 Income tax expense at statutory rate 
 (4,635 
 (733,193 
 
 Tax effect of non-deductible items 
 4,152 
 847,355 
 
 Tax effect of non-taxable items 
 (2,356 
 (700 
 
 Net operating loss 
 2,839 

One-off tax reduction 
 
 (22,469 
 
 Income tax expense 
 
 90,993 

F- 20 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

12. 
 NET LOSS PER SHARE 

Basic net loss per share is computed using the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. The dilutive effect of potential common shares outstanding is included
in diluted net loss per share. The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 
 (336,418 
 (4,534,589 

Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic and diluted 
 28,210,000 
 28,141,233 

Net loss per share Basic and diluted 
 (0.01 
 (0.16 

13. 
 PENSION COSTS 

The Company is required to make contribution under
a defined contribution pension scheme for all of its eligible employees in Hong Kong. The Company is required to contribute a specified
percentage of the participants' relevant income based on their ages and wages level. The total contributions made were 2,298 and 2,311
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

14. 
 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Apart from the transactions and balances detailed
elsewhere in these accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company has no other significant or material related party transactions
during the years presented. 

15. 
 CONCENTRATIONS OF RISK 

The Company is exposed to the following concentrations of risk: 

(a) Major
customers 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the individual customer who accounts for 10 or more of the Company s revenues and its outstanding receivable balances as at year-end
dates, are presented as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Customers 
 Revenues 
 Percentage of revenues 
 Accounts receivable 

Customer A 
 52,361 
 100 
 19,211 

Total: 
 52,361 
 100 Total: 
 19,211 

At December 31, 2022, accounts receivable balances
were provided by the allowance of doubtful accounts of 4,879,118. 

F- 21 

LUDUSON G INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2021 

Customers 
 
 Revenues 

Percentage 
of revenues 

Accounts 
receivable 

Customer A 

693,304 

70 

2,427,487 

Customer B 

154,067 

15 

1,509,812 

Customer C 

154,067 

15 

1,164,531 

Total: 

1,001,438 

100 
 
 Total: 
 
 5,101,830 

At December 31, 2021, accounts receivable balances
were provided by the allowance of doubtful accounts of 4,972,680. 

All customers are located in the PRC and Hong
Kong. 

(b) 
 Economic and political risk 

The Company s major operations are conducted
in Hong Kong. Accordingly, the political, economic, and legal environments in Hong Kong, as well as the general state of Hong Kong s
economy may influence the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

(c) 
 Exchange rate risk 

The Company cannot guarantee that the current
exchange rate will remain steady; therefore there is a possibility that the Company could post the same amount of profit for two comparable
periods and because of the fluctuating exchange rate actually post higher or lower profit depending on exchange rate of HKD converted
to US on that date. The exchange rate could fluctuate depending on changes in political and economic environments without notice. 

16. 
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no material
commitments or contingencies. 

On August 20, 2021, the Company entered into an
Equity Purchase Agreement with Williamsburg Venture Holdings, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company Investor ), pursuant
to which the Investor agreed to invest up to Thirty Million Dollars 30,000,000) over a 36-month period in accordance with the terms
and conditions of that certain Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2021, by and between the Company and the Investor (the
 Equity Purchase Agreement ). During the term, the Company shall be entitled to put to the Investor, and the Investor shall
be obligated to purchase, such number of shares of the Company s common stock and at such price as are determined in accordance
with the Equity Purchase Agreement. The per share purchase price for the Williamsburg Put Shares will be equal to 88 the lowest traded
price of the Common Stock on the principal market during the five (5) consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date which Williamsburg
received the Williamsburg Put Shares as DWAC Shares in its brokerage account (as reported by Bloomberg Finance L.P., Quotestream, or other
reputable source). In connection with the Equity Purchase Agreement, the parties also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the
 Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to register with the SEC the common stock issuable under
the Equity Purchase Agreement, among other securities. The Company agreed to use its best efforts to file such registration statement
with the SEC by November 30, 2021 and Form S-1 became effective on June 29, 2022. 

17. 
 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

In accordance with ASC Topic 855, Subsequent
Events , which establishes general standards of accounting for and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet date
but before consolidated financial statements are issued, the Company has evaluated all events or transactions that occurred after December
31, 2022, up through the date the Company issued the audited consolidated financial statements. The Company determined that there are
no further events to disclose. 

F- 22 

ITEM 9. Changes in and
Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. Controls and
Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act)
that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time specified in the Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an
issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including
its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rule 13a-15
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of the end of the period covered by this report, we have carried out an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our company s disclosure controls and procedures. Under the direction of our Chief
Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting and concluded that (i) there continue to be material weaknesses in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting,
that the weaknesses constitute a deficiency and that this deficiency could result in misstatements of the foregoing accounts
and disclosures that could result in a material misstatement to the financial statements for the period covered by this report that would
not be detected, and (ii) accordingly, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

However, it should be noted
that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

Management's Annual Report
On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act. Our management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ). Management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework. During our assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, management
identified significant deficiencies related to (i) the U.S. GAAP expertise of our internal accounting staff and chief financial officer,
(ii) our internal audit functions and (iii) a lack of segregation of duties within accounting functions. Although management believes
that these deficiencies do not amount to a material weakness, our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective at December
31, 2022. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting
that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of the Company s
financial reporting. 

52 

In
light of these material weaknesses, we performed additional analyses and procedures in order to conclude that our consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were fairly stated in accordance with the
U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that despite our material weaknesses, our consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2022 are fairly stated, in all material respects, in accordance with the U.S. GAAP. 

This Annual Report does not
include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
that permit the Company to provide only management's report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in the
Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING
FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

None. 

53 

PART III 

ITEM 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Set forth below are the present
directors and executive officers of the Company. Note that there are no other persons who have been nominated or chosen to become directors
nor are there any other persons who have been chosen to become executive officers. There are no arrangements or understandings between
any of the directors, officers and other persons pursuant to which such person was selected as a director or an officer. Directors are
elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and have qualified. Officers
are appointed to serve until the meeting of the board of directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors
have been elected and qualified. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 
 
 Ka Leung Wong 

45 

Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Lan Chan 

60 

Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Director 

Biographies 

Set forth below are brief
accounts of the business experience during the past five years of each director, executive officer and significant employee of the Company. 

Ka Leung (Wallis) WONG ,
age 45, joined us as our President, Chief Executive Officer and Director on May 8, 2020. He has more than 30 years experience
in the manufacturing, import and export trade industry in Asia. In 2004, Mr. Wong founded 3 Dynamics (Asia) Limited, a Hong Kong based
mobile game and entertainment services company where he currently serves as the director. Under his leadership, 3 Dynamics has become
one of the top innovators in Hong Kong, leveraging location-based technology in 3G and Wi-Fi game applications. He has successfully developed
and launched more than 80 mobile games and entertainment services (including multiple award-winning games, 3G Mopas , Hong
Kong War and DigiPublish Platform) and launched in multiple regions such as Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, Mainland China,
Southeast Asia and Europe. 

Mr. Wong is the vice chairman
(interaction design) of Hong Kong Digital Entertainment Association and the founding member of International Federation of Creativity
and Technology. Mr. Wong has received numerous awards including the gold award of HSBC Young IT Entrepreneur (2001), second runner-up
of Net King Business Plan Contest (Open Group) (2001), one of the three winners of the 1st Digital Pioneers Programme organized by The
British Council (2007), one of the three Hong Kong finalists of The Creative Young Entrepreneur Awards (2007), and Paragon 100 (Young
Entrepreneurs and Social Changemakers of Up to 30 years of age) by The Foundation of Youth Social Entrepreneurs in 2009. 

Mr. Wong holds a Bachelor s
Degree (Honours) in Electronic Engineering and a Continuing Education Diploma in Information and Internet Security from City University
of Hong Kong. He also holds a Master Degree of Business Administration at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. Mr. Wong brings
to our board his deep experience in the mobile game and entertainment services industry. 

Lan CHAN , age
60, joined us as our Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director on April 15, 2020. He has more than 30 years experience
in the manufacturing, import and export trade industry in Asia. He graduated from a tertiary school in Hong Kong and received his engineering
diploma. He founded his business that markets and distributes LED products and components throughout the People s Republic of China
and the Asian region in 2012 and currently serves as its director. Mr. Chan will bring to the Company his deep experience of conducting
business in the PRC and Asia region. 

54 

Family Relationships. 

There are no family relationships between any of
our directors or executive officers. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

No executive officer or director
has been involved in the last ten years in any of the following: 

Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business or property of such person, or of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; 

Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

Being the subject of or a party to any judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, or any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, including but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail, fraud, wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

Being the subject of or a party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act, any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Board Committees and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

We do not currently have a
standing audit, nominating or compensation committee of the board of directors, or any committee performing similar functions. Our board
of directors performs the functions of audit, nominating and compensation committees. As of the date of this report, no member of our
board of directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated
under the Securities Act. We hope to attract a director who qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as our business
operations mature. 

Our board of directors does
not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by our shareholders. Our board of directors
has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our company s requirements as well as the qualifications of each candidate
when the board considers a nominee for a position on our board of directors. 

There have not been any
material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the registrant s board of directors since
December 31, 2022. 

55 

Code of Ethics 

We have not yet adopted a
code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer principal accounting officer or controller
in light of our Company s current stage of development. We expect to adopt a code of ethics in the near future. 

ITEM 11. Executive
Compensation. 

Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 

Currently, our executive directors
and officers do not receive compensation for services provided in such capacities. We anticipate providing cash compensation for
services in the future to our executive officers and directors. We expect to establish an incentive compensation plan as our company
matures. We expect that our executive compensation philosophy will be to create a long-term direct relationship between pay and our performance.
Our executive compensation program will be designed to provide a balanced total compensation package over the executive s career
with us. The compensation program objectives will be to attract, motivate and retain the qualified executives that help ensure our future
success, to provide incentives for increasing our profits by awarding executives when corporate goals are achieved and to align the interests
of executives and long-term stockholders. We expect the compensation package of our named executive officers to consist of the following
main elements: 

1. 
 base salary for our executives that is competitive relative to the market, and that reflects individual performance, retention and other relevant considerations; 

2. 
 incentive compensation consisting of stock options, restricted stock and the like; and 

3. 
 discretionary bonus awards payable in cash and or securities of the Company tied to the satisfaction of corporate objectives. 

Process for Setting Executive Compensation 

As we do not have Compensation
Committee, our Board will be responsible for developing and overseeing the implementation of our philosophy with respect to the compensation
of executives and for monitoring the implementation and results of the compensation philosophy to ensure compensation remains competitive,
creates proper incentives to enhance stockholder value and rewards superior performance. The Board will annually review and approve for
each named executive officer, and particularly with regard to the Chief Executive Officer, all components of the executive s compensation.
The Board may award discretionary bonuses to each of the named executives, and reviews and approves the process and factors (including
individual and corporate performance measures and actual performance versus such measures) used by the Chief Executive Officer to recommend
such awards. Additionally, the Board will review and approve the base salary, equity-incentive awards (if any) and any other special or
supplemental benefits of the named executive officers. 

We expect our Chief Executive
Officer to periodically provide the Board with an evaluation of each named executive officer s performance, based on the individual
performance goals and objectives developed by the Chief Executive Officer at the beginning of the year, as well as other factors. The
Board will provide an evaluation for the Chief Executive Officer. These evaluations will serve as the bases for bonus recommendations
and changes in the compensation arrangements of our named executives. 

56 

Our Compensation Peer Group 

We expect to engage in informal
market analysis in evaluating our executive compensation arrangements. As the Company and its businesses mature, we may retain compensation
consultants that will assist us in developing a formal benchmark and selecting a compensation peer group of companies similar to us in
size or business for the purpose of comparing executive compensation levels. 

Program Components 

We expect our executive compensation
program to consist of the following elements: 

Base Salary 

Our base salary structure
will be designed to encourage internal growth, attract and retain new talent, and reward strong leadership that will sustain our growth
and profitability. The base salary for each named executive officer will reflect our past and current operating profits, the named executive
officer s individual contribution to our success throughout his career, internal pay equity and informal market data regarding comparable
positions within similarly situated companies. In determining and setting base salary, the Board will consider all of these factors, though
it will not assign specific weights to any factor. The Board will generally review the base salary for each named executive officer on
an annual basis. For each of our named executive officers, we expect to review base salary data internally obtained by the Company for
comparable executive positions in similarly situated companies to ensure that the base salary rate for each executive is competitive relative
to the market. 

Discretionary Bonus 

The objectives of our bonus
awards will be to encourage and reward our employees, including the named executive officers, who contribute to and participate in our
success by their ability, industry, leadership, loyalty or exceptional service and to recruit additional executives who will contribute
to that success. 

Each of our named executive
officers will be eligible for consideration for a discretionary cash bonus. The Chief Executive Officer will make recommendations regarding
bonus awards for the named executive officers and the Board provides the bonus recommendation for the Chief Executive Officer. However,
the Board/Compensation Committee will have sole and final authority and discretion in designating to whom awards are made, the size of
the award, if any, and its terms and conditions. The bonus recommendation for each of the named executive officers depends on a number
of factors, including (i) the performance of the Company for the year, (ii) the satisfaction of certain individual and corporate
performance measures, and (iii) other factors which the Board may deem relevant. The Company did not award any cash bonuses during
fiscal year 2022. 

Stock Holdings 

The Board recognizes the importance
of having a portion of the named executive officers compensation be paid in the form of equity, to help align the executives 
interests with the interests of the Company s shareholders. Initially, we expect the Board to emphasize the cash-based portion of
our compensation program over a stock program because it believes the discretionary nature of the cash-based compensation gives it the
needed flexibility to factor in and reward the attainment of longer-term goals for the Company and the executives, as the Board deems
appropriate. 

We have not timed nor do we
plan to time our release of material non-public information for the purpose of affecting the value of executive compensation. 

57 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following summary compensation
table sets forth the aggregate compensation we paid or accrued during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 to (i) our Chief
Executive Officer (principal executive officer), (ii) our two most highly compensated executive officers other than the principal executive
officer who were serving as executive officers on December 31, 2022, whose total compensation was in excess of 100,000, and (iii) up
to two additional individuals who would have been within the two-other-most-highly compensated but were not serving as executive officers
on December 31, 2022. 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Fiscal Year 

Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Equity 
 Awards 
 ) 

All Other 
 Compen- 
 sation ) 

Total 
 ) 

Ka Leung WONG (1) 

2022 

45,975 

0 

0 

0 

45,975 

(Chief Executive Officer, President and Director) 

2021 

46,220 

0 

0 

0 

46,220 

Lan CHAN (2) 

2022 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

(Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director) 

2021 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

_______________ 

(1) 
 Ka Leung WONG has served as our Chief Executive Officer, President and Director since May 22, 2020. 
 
 (2) 
 Lan Chan was appointed to serve as our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director effective April 15, 2020. Mr. Chan resigned from his positions as Chief Executive Officer and President effective May 22, 2020, and was concurrently appointed Chief Operating Officer. 

Narrative disclosure to Summary Compensation

Our executive officers are
not parties to employment agreements with the Company. As the Company matures, we expect to enter into compensation arrangements in the
near future. 

Other than set out above and
below, there are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers.
We expect to establish one or more incentive compensation plans in the future. Our directors and executive officers may receive securities
of the Company as incentive compensation at the discretion of our board of directors in the future. We do not have any material bonus
or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers. 

Equity Awards 

There are no unvested options,
warrants or convertible securities outstanding. 

At no time during the last
fiscal year with respect to any of any of our executive officers was there: 

any outstanding option or other equity-based award repriced or otherwise materially modified (such as by extension of exercise periods, the change of vesting or forfeiture conditions, the change or elimination of applicable performance criteria, or the change of the bases upon which returns are determined; 

any waiver or modification of any specified performance target, goal or condition to payout with respect to any amount included in non-stock incentive plan compensation or payouts; 

any option or equity grant; 

any non-equity incentive plan award made to a named executive officer; 

any nonqualified deferred compensation plans including nonqualified defined contribution plans; or 

any payment for any item to be included under All Other Compensation in the Summary Compensation Table. 

58 

Compensation of Directors 

During our fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, we did not provide compensation to any of our employee directors for serving as our director. We currently have no
formal plan for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors, although we may elect to issue stock options
to such persons from time to time. Directors are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with attendance at meetings of our board of directors. Our board of directors may award special remuneration to any director
undertaking any special services on our behalf other than services ordinarily required of a director. 

Compensation Risk Management 

Our Board of directors and
human resources staff conducted an assessment of potential risks that may arise from our compensation programs. Based on this assessment,
we concluded that our policies and practices do not encourage excessive and unnecessary risk taking that would be reasonably likely to
have material adverse effect on the Company. The assessment included our cash incentive programs, which awards non-executives with cash
bonuses for punctuality. Our compensation programs are substantially identical among business units, corporate functions and global locations
(with modifications to comply with local regulations as appropriate). The risk-mitigating factors considered in this assessment included: 

the alignment of pay philosophy, peer group companies and compensation amounts relative to local competitive practices to support our business objectives; and 

effective balance of cash, short- and long-term performance periods, caps on performance-based award schedules and financial metrics with individual factors and Board and management discretion. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

We have not yet established
a Compensation Committee. Our Board of Directors performs the functions that would be performed by a compensation committee. During the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, none of our executive officers has served: (i) on the compensation committee (or other board committee
performing equivalent functions or, in the absence of any such committee, the entire board of directors) of another entity, one of whose
executive officers served on our board of directors; (ii) as a director of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on the
compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions or, in the absence of any such committee, the entire
board of directors) of the registrant; or (iii) as a member of the compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent
functions or, in the absence of any such committee, the entire board of directors) of another entity, one of whose executive officers
served as a director of the company. 

Compensation Committee Report 

Our board of directors has
reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis in this report with management. Based on its review and discussion with
management, the board of directors recommended that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. The material in this report is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not incorporated by reference
in any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made on,
before, or after the date of this Report on Form 10-K and irrespective of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Submitted by the board of directors: 

 Ka Leung Wong 

 Lan Chan 

59 

ITEM 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets
forth certain information concerning the number of shares of our common stock owned beneficially as of February 13, 2023 by: (i) each
person (including any group) known to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii) each of our directors
and each of our named executive officers (as defined under Item 402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K), and (iii) officers and directors as a group.
Unless otherwise indicated, the shareholders listed possess sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 

Name of Beneficial Owner (2) 
 
 Amount and 
Nature of 
Beneficial 
Ownership(1) 
 
 Percent of 
Class 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Lan CHAN (3) 
 
 13,878,195 
 
 49.20 
 
 Ka Leung WONG (4) 
 
 1,200,000 
 
 4.25 

All executive officers and directors as a group (2 persons) 
 
 15,078,195 
 
 53.45 

Shareholders Holding In Excess of 5 

Siu Chung CHEUNG 
 
 6,800,000 
 
 24.10 

(1) 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. For purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of February 13, 2023. Applicable percentage ownership is based on 28,210,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of February 13, 2023, and any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of February 13, 2023, is deemed to be outstanding for such person, but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. 
 
 (2) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each beneficial owner listed is 17/F, 80 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong. Except as otherwise indicated, the persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock owned by them, except to the extent that power may be shared with a spouse. 
 
 (3) 
 Lan Chan was appointed to serve as our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director effective April 15, 2020. Mr. Chan resigned from his positions as Chief Executive Officer and President effective May 22, 2020, and was concurrently appointed Chief Operating Officer. 
 
 (4) 
 Ka Leung Wong was appointed to serve as our Chief Executive Officer, President and Director effective May 22, 2020. 

60 

ITEM 13 . Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Other than as disclosed below,
there are no transactions during our two most recent fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, or any currently proposed
transaction, in which our Company was or to be a participant and the amount exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average
of our Company s total assets at year end for our last two completed years, and in which any of our directors, officers or principal
stockholders, or any other related person as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K, had or have any direct or indirect material interest. 

From time to time, Mr. Wong
Ka Leung, our director, makes temporary advances on an unsecured, interest-free basis with no fixed repayment terms. As of December 31,
2022, the amount due from Mr. Wong was 4,840. As of December 31, 2021, the amount due to Mr. Wong
was 66,135. 

We have not adopted policies
or procedures for approval of related person transactions but review them on a case-by-case basis. We believe that all related party transactions
were on terms at least as favorable as we would have secured in arm s-length transactions with third parties. Except as set forth
above, we have not entered into any material transactions with any director, executive officer, and promoter, beneficial owner of five
percent or more of our common stock, or family members of such persons. 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors currently
consists of Ka Leung Wong, our CEO, and Lan Chan, our Secretary, CFO, and COO. Our directors do not qualify as an independent director
under the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Stock Market or the NYSE because they are executive officers of the Company. As
of the date hereof, we have not adopted a standard of independence nor do we have a policy with respect to independence requirements for
our board members or that a majority of our board be comprised of independent directors. 

ITEM 14. Principal
AccountING Fees And Services. 

J S Associate JS audited our financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

All audit work was performed
by the full time employees of JS for the above mentioned fiscal years. Our board of directors does not have an audit committee. The functions
customarily delegated to an audit committee are performed by our full board of directors. Our board of directors approves in advance,
all services performed by JS, but have not adopted pre-approval policies or procedures. Our board of directors has considered whether
the provision of non-audit services is compatible with maintaining the principal accountant s independence, and has approved such
services. 

The following table sets forth
fees billed by our auditors during the last two fiscal years for services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and
the review of our quarterly financial statements, services by our auditors that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements and that are not reported as audit fees, services rendered in connection with tax compliance, tax
advice and tax planning, and all other fees for services rendered. 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Audit fees 
 43,000 
 38,000 
 
 Audit related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total 
 43,000 
 38,000 

61 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. Exhibits
and Financial Statement Schedules. 

The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

Financial Statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

No financial statement schedules are included because
such schedules are not applicable, are not required, or because required information is included in the financial statements or notes
thereto. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 Plan of Reorganization (1) 
 
 3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation (1) 
 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (1) 
 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (2) 
 
 3.4 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (2) 
 
 4.1 
 Form of A Common Stock Purchase Warrant (1) 
 
 4.2 
 Form of B Common Stock Purchase Warrant (1) 
 
 4.3 
 Form of C Common Stock Purchase Warrant (1) 
 
 4.4 
 Form of D Common Stock Purchase Warrant (1) 
 
 4.5 
 Form of E Common Stock Purchase Warrant (1) 
 
 4.6 
 Description
 of Securities (3) 
 
 10.1 
 Lease Agreement, dated December 28, 2018, by and between Luduson Entertainment Limited and Chen Xiu Ying (4) 
 
 10.2 
 Rental Agreement, dated December 28, 2021 (5) 
 
 10.3 
 Memorandum of Understanding dated August 6, 2020, by and between G Music Asia Limited and I-Generation Company Limited (6) 
 
 10.4 
 Investment Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, by and between Luduson G Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Strattner Alternative Credit Fund LP, a Delaware limited partnership (7) 
 
 10.5 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, by and between Luduson G Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Strattner Alternative Credit Fund LP, a Delaware limited partnership (7) 
 
 10.6 
 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated August 20, 2021, by and between Luduson G Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Williamsburg Venture Holdings, LLC (8) 

62 

10.7 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 20, 2021, by and between Luduson G Inc., a Delaware corporation and Williamsburg Venture Holdings, LLC (8) 
 
 21 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL
 Instances Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 _______________________ 

Filed Herewith. 

To be Filed by Amendment. 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits to Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 30, 2018. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits to the Definitive Information Statement of Schedule 14C filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 8, 2020. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits to the annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25, 2021. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2020. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits to the annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 15, 2022. 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2020. 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 26, 2021. 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 20, 2021. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K
SUMMARY. 

None. 

63 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

April 17, 2023 
 LUDUSON G INC. 

By: 
 /s/Ka Leung Wong 

Ka Leung Wong 

Chief Executive Officer 

64 

<EX-21>
 11
 luduson_ex2100.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiaries 

Name 

Place of incorporation 
 and kind of 
 legal entity 
 
 Principal activities 
 
 Particulars of registered/ paid up share capital 

Effective interest 
 held 

Luduson Holding Company Limited 
 
 British Virgin Islands 
 
 Investment holding 
 
 10,000 ordinary shares at par value of 1 
 
 100 

Luduson Entertainment Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 
 10,000 ordinary shares for HK 10,000 
 
 100 

G Music Asia Limited 
 
 British Virgin Islands 
 
 Event planning 
 
 2 ordinary shares at par value of 1 
 
 100 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 luduson_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

LUDUSON
G INC. 
CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO
RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A), 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
RULE 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ka Leung Wong,
certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Luduson G Inc. 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Ka Leung Wong 

Ka Leung Wong Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated:
April 17, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 luduson_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

LUDUSON G INC. 
CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO
RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A), 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
RULE 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Lan Chan, certify
that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Luduson G Inc. 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Lan Chan 

Lan Chan Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: April 17, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 luduson_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

LUDUSON
G Inc. 

 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Luduson G Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ka Leung Wong,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

By: 
 /s/ Ka Leung Wong 

Ka Leung Wong Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 luduson_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

LUDUSON G Inc. 

 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Luduson G Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lan Chan, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Lan Chan 

Lan Chan Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

