<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1844211_0001213900-23-029870.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4543162</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>446413</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>925142</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>963691</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1066711</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1022582</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-029870.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414160531
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-029870
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			B. Riley Principal 250 Merger Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001844211
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				851635003
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40389
		FILM NUMBER:		23821146

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		299 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		FLOOR 21
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10171
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 457-3300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		299 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		FLOOR 21
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10171

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-029870.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_brileyprin250.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

(Commission File Number) 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant BRIVU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock, each at an exercise price of 11.50 per share BRIVW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required of file reports pursuant of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed as of June 30, 2022 (the last business
day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately million. 

As of April 12, 2023, there were shares
of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
were issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

B. RILEY PRINCIPAL 250 MERGER CORP. 

FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 45 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 45 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 

Part II. 
 
 46 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
 Securities 
 46 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 47 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 47 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 50 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 51 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 51 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 52 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 52 

Part III. 
 
 53 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 53 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 63 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 63 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 66 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 68 

Part IV. 
 
 69 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 69 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The statements contained in
this annual report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements.
Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations,
hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, 
 believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, 
 may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements
about: 

our
ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
ability to complete our initial business combination; 

impact
that proposed SEC rules may have on our ability to complete an initial business combination; 

our
expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our
officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in
approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
pool of prospective target businesses; 

our
potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the
ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
lack of a market for our securities; 

the
use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the
trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

the
effects of the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak; or 

our
financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors in this Annual Report. Should one
or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material
respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

ii 

B .
RILEY PRINCIPAL 250 MERGER CORP. 

PART I 

References in this report to we, 
 us or the Company refer to B. Riley Principal 250 Merger Corp. References to our management 
or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to B. Riley
Principal 250 Sponsor Co., LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, an affiliate of B. Riley Financial, Inc. B.
Riley Financial ). 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (an Initial Business
Combination ). We intend to effectuate an Initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering
(the Public Offering and the private placement that closed simultaneously with the Public Offering, including the
proceeds from the Over-Allotment Public Units (as defined below) and the Over-Allotment Private Placement Units, and from additional issuances
of, if any, our capital stock and our debt, or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

In
connection with our formation in June 2020, a wholly-owned subsidiary of B. Riley Financial was issued 7,187,500 shares of Class B common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. In June 2020,
all of the Founder Shares were contributed to B. Riley Principal 250 Sponsor Co., LLC (the Sponsor ), a Delaware limited
liability company and a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of B. Riley Financial. 

The
Company completed the sale of 15,000,000 units (the Public Units at an offering price of 10.00 per
Public Unit in the Public Offering on May 11, 2021. The Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 555,000 units at a price of 10.00 per
unit (the Private Placement Units in a private placement that closed on May 11, 2021 simultaneously with the Public
Offering. The sale of the 15,000,000 Public Units in the Public Offering generated gross proceeds of 150,000,000, less underwriting
commissions of 3,000,000 (2 of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering) and other offering costs of 571,103. The Private Placement
Units generated 5,550,000 of gross proceeds. The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the prospectus
for the Public Offering, May 7, 2021, to purchase additional Public Units. On June 14, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment
in full and purchased an additional 2,250,000 Public Units (the Over-Allotment Public Units ), generating
gross proceeds of 22,500,000, less underwriting commissions of 450,000 (2 of the gross proceeds of the Over-Allotment Units).
On June 14, 2021, simultaneously with consummation of the sale of the Over-Allotment Public Units, the Company consummated a private sale
of an additional 45,000 Private Placement Units (the Over-Allotment Private Placement Units to the Sponsor,
generating gross proceeds of 450,000. 

Each
Public Unit and Private Placement Unit consists of one share of the Company s Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value Class
A common stock , and with respect to the shares underlying the Public Units, the Public Shares and, with
respect to the shares underlying the Private Placement Units, the Private Placement Shares ), and one-third of one
redeemable warrant (each a Warrant and, with respect to the Warrants underlying the Public Units, the Public
Warrants , with respect to the Warrants underlying the Private Placement Units, the Private Placement Warrants ).
One Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one whole share of Class A common stock at an initial exercise price of 11.50 per
share. 

Upon
completion of the Public Offering and the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment in full, 172,250,000 of proceeds were
placed in the Company s Trust Account at Bank of America, N.A., with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee
(the Trust Account and have been and will continue to be invested in permitted United States government securities 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, which we refer to as the Investment Company
Act, having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under
the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Unless and until the Company completes
the Initial Business Combination, it may pay its expenses only from the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the Private Placement
held outside the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022, there was 442,978 cash available to us outside the Trust Account. 

1 

Except
with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, the proceeds
from the Public Offering may not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of: (i) the completion of the Initial Business
Combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 
of its Public Shares if it does not complete the Initial Business Combination by May 11, 2023; or (iii) the redemption of all of the Company s
Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete the Initial Business Combination by May 11, 2023 (at which such time up to 100,000 of
interest shall be available to the Company to pay dissolution expenses), subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust
Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the
Company s public stockholders. 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

All
of the 17,250,000 Public Shares sold as part of the Public Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for
the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer
in connection with the Initial Business Combination. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments,
which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject
to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation
of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
since all of the shares of Class A common stock can be redeemed or become redeemable subject to the occurrence of future events considered
outside the Company s control under ASC 480-10-S99, all shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption are presented as temporary
equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheets. 

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to
equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock
are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate an Initial
Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering, including the proceeds from the sale of the Over-Allotment
Public Units, the Private Placement and the proceeds from the sale of the Over-Allotment Private Placement Units and from additional issuances
of, if any, our capital stock and our debt, or a combination of cash, stock and debt as the consideration. We may be seeking to complete
our Initial Business Combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or
growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If
our Initial Business Combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our Initial Business Combination or used for redemptions of our Public Shares,
we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or
expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing
our Initial Business Combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds other than the funds raised by the sale of the Public Units, the Over-Allotment
Public Units, the Private Placement Units and the Over-Allotment Private Placement Units in order to meet the expenditures required for
operating our business. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking due diligence and negotiating
an Initial Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate
our business prior to our Initial Business Combination. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of equity
securities and may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion
of our Initial Business Combination, and we may effectuate our Initial Business Combination using the proceeds of such offering rather
than using the amounts held in the Trust Account. In addition, we are targeting businesses with enterprise values that are greater than
we could acquire with the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units, and may as a result, if the
cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the Trust Account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions
by public stockholders, be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed Initial Business Combination. Subject to compliance
with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our Initial Business
Combination. In the case of an Initial Business Combination funded with assets other than the Trust Account assets, our proxy materials
or tender offer documents disclosing the Initial Business Combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required
by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds privately through the
issuance of equity or equity-linked securities, or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our Initial Business
Combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement
or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

2 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring
of our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we must consummate an Initial Business Combination with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market
value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust
Account). If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our Initial Business Combination,
we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm that regularly prepares
fairness opinions solely with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able
to make such independent determination of fair market value, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with
the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects,
including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex
financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting
such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value meets the 80 fair market value test, unless
such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not
anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our stockholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy
statement that we deliver to stockholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed Initial Business Combination will include
such opinion. In addition, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any Initial Business Combination must be approved by a majority of our independent
directors. 

We
anticipate structuring our Initial Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our Initial
Business Combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target
business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete
such Initial Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of
the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns
or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the Initial Business Combination may collectively
own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the Initial Business
Combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for
all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as
a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our Initial Business Combination
could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our Initial Business Combination. If less than 100 of the equity
interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business
or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test.
If the Initial Business Combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate
value of all of the target businesses. There is no basis for investors in the Public Offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks
of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our Initial Business Combination. 

To
the extent we effect our Initial Business Combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings
with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as
a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us and other reviews as we deem appropriate. We may also retain
consultants with expertise relating to a prospective target business. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our Initial Business Combination, and the costs associated
with that process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our Initial Business Combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another Initial Business Combination. 

3 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders
upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of our
Initial Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination including interest earned on the funds held in the
Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public
Shares, subject to the limitations described herein. Solely for illustrative purposes, as of December 31, 2022, the amount in the Trust
Account is approximately 10.07 per Public Share. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and any Public
Shares held by them in connection with the completion of our Initial Business Combination. Such persons did not receive separate consideration
for their waiver of redemption rights. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions; Submission
of our Initial Business Combination to a Stockholder Vote 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of our
Initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Initial Business Combination or
(ii) without a stockholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed
Initial Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of
factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under
applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, as described above under the heading Stockholders May Not Have the Ability
to Approve Our Initial Business Combination. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval
while direct mergers with our Company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common
stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an Initial
Business Combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to
seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed Initial Business Combination. So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq,
we will be required to comply with Nasdaq s shareholder approval rules. 

The
requirement that we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares by one of the two methods listed
above is contained in provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will apply whether or not we maintain our
registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq. Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common
stock entitled to vote thereon. 

If a stockholder vote
is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursu ant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our Initial Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial
and other information about the Initial Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon
the public announcement of our Initial Business Combination, we or our Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with
Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Public Shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our Public Shares through a tender offer, to comply with
Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our Initial Business Combination until
the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more
than a specified number of Public Shares which are not purchased by our Sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we
may not redeem Public Shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. If public stockholders
tender more Public Shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the Initial Business Combination. 

If
we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in connection with a stockholder meeting, we will: 

conduct
the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation
of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file
proxy materials with the SEC. 

4 

If
we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our Initial Business Combination only if a
majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Initial Business Combination. A quorum for such meeting
will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Company representing a majority
of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our Sponsor will count
toward this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their Founder Shares,
Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares purchased (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of
our Initial Business Combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes,
and abstentions will have no effect on the approval of our Initial Business Combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition
to our Sponsor s Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares, we would need only 6,168,751 or 35.8 of the 17,250,000 Public Shares
sold in the Public Offering to be voted in favor of an Initial Business Combination (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order
to have our Initial Business Combination approved. If only the minimum quorum of shares of common stock is present at the meeting to
approve our Initial Business Combination, we would need only 628,126 or 3.6 of the 17,250,000 Public Shares sold in the Public Offering
to be voted in favor of an Initial Business Combination in order to have our Initial Business Combination approved. However, if
certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation are proposed in connection with an Initial Business Combination,
we may also require the approval of the holders of Public Shares voting as a separate class. We
intend to give not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which
a vote shall be taken to approve our Initial Business Combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our
Sponsor, officers and directors, may make it more likely that we will consummate our Initial Business Combination. Each public stockholder
may elect to redeem its Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the Initial Business Combination, or do not vote
at all, and irrespective of whether they hold Public Shares on the record date established for the stockholder meeting held to approve
the Initial Business Combination. 

Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our Public Shares in an amount that would cause our
net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed Initial Business Combination may impose a minimum cash requirement
for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes
or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay
for all Public Shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms
of the proposed Initial Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the Initial Business
Combination or redeem any Public Shares, and all Public Shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may,
however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with
our Initial Business Combination. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion
of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our Initial Business Combination, and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our Initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert
or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights
with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in the Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares . 
Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating
large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed
Initial Business Combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current
market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares
sold in the Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or
our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability
to redeem more than 20 of the shares sold in the Public Offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a
small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination, particularly in
connection with an Initial Business Combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or
a certain amount of cash. However, we will not restrict our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess
Shares) for or against our Initial Business Combination. 

5 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if no Initial Business Combination 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have until May 11, 2023 to complete our Initial Business Combination.
If we are unable to complete our Initial Business Combination by such deadline, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and
our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our Warrants,
which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our Initial Business Combination by May 11, 2023. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our Initial Business Combination, we have encountered and expect to continue
encountering, intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies,
private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities
are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover,
many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target
businesses is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the Initial
Business Combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise
their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our Initial Business Combination and our outstanding Warrants, and
the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may
place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an Initial Business Combination. 

Facilities 

Our
executive offices are located at 299 Park Avenue, 21st Floor, New York, NY 10171, and our telephone number is (212) 457-3300. Our executive
offices are provided to us by an affiliate of our Sponsor. We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 3,750 per month
for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current
operations. 

Employees 

We
currently have one officer. This individual is not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but he intends to devote
as much of his time as he deems necessary to our affairs until we have completed our Initial Business Combination. The amount of time
he will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our Initial Business Combination
and the stage of the Initial Business Combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion
of our Initial Business Combination. 

6 

Available Information 

We
are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events in a Current Report on Form 8-K.
The public may read any materials we file with the SEC on SEC s Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements
and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our website is located at https://brileyfin.com/principal250mergercorp.
We provide a link through our investor relations website to the section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov., that has all of the
reports that we file or furnish with the SEC. In addition, the Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request
from us in writing at 299 Park Avenue, 21st Floor, New York, NY 10171 or by telephone at (212) 457-3300. 

Further,
corporate governance information, including our code of ethics, audit committee charter, compensation committee charter, insider trading
policy and related party transaction policy, is also available on our website. The contents of our websites are not incorporated by reference
into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended
to be inactive textual references only. 

Risk Factors Summary 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk and uncertainties. You should consider carefully all of the risks described
below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial
condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline,
and you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

We
are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective. 

Our
public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed Initial Business Combination, which means we may complete
our Initial Business Combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination 

Stockholders 
opportunity to effect their investment decision regarding a potential Initial Business Combination may be limited to the exercise of
your right to redeem your Public Shares from us for cash. 

If
 we seek stockholder approval of our Initial Business Combination, our Sponsor and management team
have agreed to vote in favor of such Initial Business Combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

The
ability of our public stockholders to redeem their Public Shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential
business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into an Initial Business Combination with a target. 

The
ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our Public Shares may not allow us
to complete the most desirable Initial Business Combination or optimize our capital structure. 

The
requirement that we complete our Initial Business Combination within the prescribed timeframe may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating an Initial Business Combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential
business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our
Initial Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

7 

Our
search for an Initial Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate an Initial Business Combination,
may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and other events and the status of debt and equity markets,
as well as protectionist legislation in our target markets. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our Initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may
elect to purchase Public Shares or Public Warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed Initial Business
Combination and reduce the public float of our Public Shares or Public Warrants. 

If
a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our Public Shares in connection with our Initial Business Combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its Public Shares, such Public Shares may not be redeemed. 

Our
stockholders are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our Initial Business Combination. If we have not completed our Initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public
stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their Public Shares,
and our Public Warrants will expire worthless. 

If
the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient
to allow us to operate until at May 11, 2023, it could limit the amount of cash available to fund our search for a target business or
businesses and complete our Initial Business Combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team to fund our
search and to complete our Initial Business Combination. 

We
have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop
and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report out financial
results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and
operating results. 

We
may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

Past
performance by our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses
with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company. 

Our
stockholders do not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore,
to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares or Public Warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Unlike
some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our the holders of our Founder Shares will receive additional
shares of Class A common stock if we issue certain shares to consummate an Initial Business Combination. 

The
nominal purchase price paid by our Sponsor for the Founder Shares may result in significant dilution to the implied value of your Public
Shares upon the consummation of an Initial Business Combination. 

8 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in our
securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information
contained in this Annual Report and the prospectus associated with our Public Offering, before making a decision to invest in our securities.
If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In
that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Forward-looking
statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can
be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve
a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies
regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or
circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. Factors that might cause or contribute to such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, those set forth herein and should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere
in this report. 

Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation
of or Inability to Consummate, an Initial Business Combination 

Our public stockholders
may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed Initial Business Combination, which means we may complete our Initial Business
Combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We
may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to approve our Initial Business Combination unless the Initial Business Combination would require
stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. In such case, the decision as to whether we will seek
stockholder approval of a proposed Initial Business Combination or will allow stockholders to sell their Public Shares to us in a tender
offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and
whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Even if we seek stockholder approval, the
holders of our Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares will participate in the vote for such approval. Accordingly, we may complete
our Initial Business Combination even if holders of a majority of our Public Shares do not approve of the Initial Business Combination
we complete. However, if certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation are proposed in connection with an
Initial Business Combination, we may also require the approval of the holders of Public Shares voting as a separate class. 

If we seek stockholder
approval of our Initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such Initial Business
Combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

Pursuant
to the letter agreement, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares as well
as any Public Shares purchased (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions), in favor of our Initial Business Combination.
Our Sponsor owns Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares representing 22.2 of our outstanding shares of common stock. As a result,
in addition to our Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares, we would need only 6,168,751, or 35.8 of the 17,250,000 Public Shares
sold in the Public Offering to be voted in favor of an Initial Business Combination (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order
to have our Initial Business Combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our Initial Business Combination, the
agreement by our Sponsor, officers and directors to vote in favor of our Initial Business Combination will increase the likelihood that
we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such Initial Business Combination. However, if certain amendments to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation are proposed in connection with an Initial Business Combination, we may also require the approval
of the holders of Public Shares voting as a separate class. 

9 

Stockholders 
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Initial Business Combination will be limited to the exercise
of your right to redeem your Public Shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the Initial Business Combination. 

At
the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our Initial
Business Combination. Since our board of directors may complete an Initial Business Combination without seeking stockholder approval,
public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the Initial Business Combination, unless we seek such stockholder
vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential
Initial Business Combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20
business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our Initial Business Combination. 

The ability of
our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination
targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into an Initial Business Combination with a target. 

We
may seek to enter into an Initial Business Combination agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we
have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be
able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the Initial Business Combination. Furthermore,
in no event will we redeem our Public Shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition,
our proposed Initial Business Combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or
its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions.
In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted
for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Initial Business Combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, and if the minimum cash condition is not waived by our target, we will not complete
the Initial Business Combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned
to the holders thereof. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into an Initial Business
Combination with us. 

The ability of
our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most
desirable Initial Business Combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At
the time we enter into an agreement for our Initial Business Combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption
rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our Initial Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the
purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we may need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust
Account or arrange for third party financing to meet such requirements. In addition, if a larger number of Public Shares are submitted
for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the
Trust Account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or
the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution
provision of the Class B common stock results in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of
the Class B common stock at the time of our Initial Business Combination. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the
most desirable Initial Business Combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the fee payable to B. Riley
Securities pursuant to the terms of the business combination marketing agreement will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed
in connection with an Initial Business Combination. 

10 

The ability of
our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that
our Initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful and that our public stockholders would have to wait for liquidation in order to
redeem their stock. 

If
our Initial Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing which condition is not waived by the target company, the probability that our
Initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our Initial Business Combination is unsuccessful, our public stockholders
would not receive their pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If our public stockholders are in
need of immediate liquidity, they could attempt to sell their stock in the open market; however, at such time, our stock may trade at
a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, our public stockholders may suffer a material loss
on their investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with their exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or
they are able to sell their stock in the open market. 

The requirement
that we complete our Initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over
us in negotiating an Initial Business Combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business
combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination
on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning an Initial Business Combination will be aware that we must
complete our Initial Business Combination by May 11, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating
an Initial Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete our Initial Business Combination with that particular target business,
we may be unable to complete our Initial Business Combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to May
11, 2023, unless such date is extended by a stockholder approved amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In
addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our Initial Business Combination on terms that we would
have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We may not be able
to complete our Initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our Public Shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive
 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our Public Warrants will expire worthless. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we must complete our Initial Business Combination within 24 months from
the closing of the Public Offering, i.e., May 11, 2023. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our Initial
Business Combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination may be negatively impacted by general
market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our Initial
Business Combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and
not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, and our Public Warrants will expire worthless. In certain
circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See 
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

11 

Our search for
an Initial Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate an Initial Business Combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist
legislation in our target markets. 

The
global spread and unprecedented impact of COVID-19, including variants of the virus (such as the Delta and Omicron variants),
has resulted in significant disruption and has created additional risks to the Company s and target companies businesses,
the industry and the economy. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) a global
pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, lowered equity market valuations,
created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, and increased unemployment levels, all of which may become heightened
concerns upon a second wave of infection or future developments. In addition, the pandemic has resulted in temporary closures of many
businesses and the institution of social distancing and sheltering in place requirements in many states and communities. The COVID-19
pandemic has and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect
the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential partner business with which we consummate an Initial
Business Combination could be materially and adversely affected. 

Furthermore,
we may be unable to complete an Initial Business Combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability
to have meetings with potential investors or the partner business s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to
negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for an Initial Business Combination
will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning
COVID-19 variants, short and long-term vaccine efficacy, treatment options and the actions to contain further waves of COVID-19 or treat
its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of
time, our ability to consummate an Initial Business Combination, or the operations of a partner business with which we ultimately consummate
an Initial Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In
addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted
by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing
being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Finally,
a sustained or prolonged COVID-19 resurgence, such as the new Omicron variant, may also have the effect of heightening many of the other
risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities. 

If we seek stockholder
approval of our Initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase Public
Shares or Public Warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed Initial Business Combination and reduce the
public float of our Class A common stock or Public Warrants. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our Initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Initial
Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase
Public Shares or Public Warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to
or following the completion of our Initial Business Combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Any such price per
share may be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection
with our Initial Business Combination. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although
still the record holder of our Public Shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its
redemption rights. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately
negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling
stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their Public Shares. It is intended that, if Rule 10b-18
would apply to purchases by our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates, then such purchases will comply with
Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, to the extent it applies, which provides a safe harbor for purchases made under certain
conditions, including with respect to timing, pricing and volume of purchases. 

12 

Additionally, at any time
at or prior to our Initial Business Combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic
information), our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates, may enter into transactions with investors and others to
provide them with incentives to acquire Public Shares, vote their Public Shares in favor of our Initial Business Combination or not redeem
their Public Shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated
any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase Public Shares or Public
Warrants in such transactions. The purpose of any such transactions could be to (1) increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder
approval of the Initial Business Combination, (2) reduce the number of Public Warrants outstanding and/or increase the likelihood of
approval on any matters submitted to the Public Warrant holders for approval in connection with our Initial Business Combination or (3)
satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at
the closing of our Initial Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases
of our securities may result in the completion of our Initial Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition,
if such purchases are made, the public float of our securities may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our
securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a
national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section
13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Additionally, in the
event our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates, were to purchase Public Shares or warrants from public stockholders,
such purchases would be structured in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act including, in pertinent part,
through adherence to the following: 

our
 registration statement/proxy statement filed for our Initial Business Combination transaction
 would disclose the possibility that our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates,
 may purchase Public Shares or Public Warrants from public stockholders outside the redemption
 process, along with the purpose of such purchases; 

if
 our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates, were to purchase Public Shares
 or Public Warrants from public stockholders, they would do so at a price no higher than the
 price offered through our redemption process; 

our
 registration statement/proxy statement filed for our Initial Business Combination transaction
 would include a representation that any of our securities purchased by our Sponsor, directors,
 officers, advisors or their affiliates, would not be voted in favor of approving the Initial
 Business Combination transaction; 

our
 Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates, would not possess any redemption
 rights with respect to our securities or, if they do acquire and possess redemption rights,
 they would waive such rights; and 

we
 would disclose in a Form 8-K, before our security holder meeting to approve the Initial Business
 Combination transaction, the following material items: 

o the
 amount of our securities purchased outside of the redemption offer by our Sponsor, directors,
 officers, advisors or their affiliates, along with the purchase price; 

o the
 purpose of the purchases by our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates; 

o the
 impact, if any, of the purchases by our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates,
 on the likelihood that the Initial Business Combination transaction will be approved; 

o the
 identities of our security holders who sold to our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors
 or their affiliates, (if not purchased on the open market) or the nature of our security
 holders (e.g., 5 security holders) who sold to our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors
 or their affiliates; and the number of our securities for which we have received redemption
 requests pursuant to our redemption offer. 

13 

If a stockholder
fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our Public Shares in connection with our Initial Business Combination, or fails to comply
with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our Initial Business
Combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents,
as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer
documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our Public Shares in connection with our Initial Business Combination will
describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem Public Shares. For example, we intend
to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in
 street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents
mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the Initial Business Combination in the
event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In addition, if we conduct redemptions
in connection with a stockholder vote, a public stockholder seeking redemption of its Public Shares must also submit a written request
for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included.
In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

Our stockholders are not entitled to
protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

We
are a blank check company under the U.S. securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000,
and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated
by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits
or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means we will have a longer period of time to complete our Initial Business Combination
than companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the Public Offering had been subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit
the release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released
to us in connection with our completion of an Initial Business Combination. 

If we seek stockholder
approval of our Initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if a stockholder
or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 20 of our Class A common stock, they will lose the ability
to redeem all such shares in excess of 20 of our Class A common stock. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our Initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Initial Business
Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), is restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate
of 20 of the shares sold in the Public Offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However,
we will not restrict our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our Initial
Business Combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem their Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to
complete our Initial Business Combination and stockholders could suffer a material loss on their investment in us if they sell Excess
Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, our stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess
Shares if we complete our Initial Business Combination. And as a result, stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding
20 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

14 

Because of our
limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our Initial Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only
approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our Public Shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our Warrants
will expire worthless. 

We
expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which
may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities competing for the types of businesses we
intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting,
directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors
possess greater technical, human and other resources or more industry knowledge than we do, and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially
acquire with the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units, our ability to compete with respect
to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, because we are obligated to
pay cash for the shares of Class A common stock which our public stockholders redeem in connection with our Initial Business Combination,
target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our Initial Business Combination. This may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an Initial Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Initial
Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account
and our Warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon
our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced
and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

If the net proceeds
of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to
operate until at least May 11, 2023, we may be unable to complete our Initial Business Combination, in which case our public stockholders
may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our Warrants will expire worthless. 

We
believe that the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account will be sufficient to allow us to operate until at least May 11, 2023;
however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available
to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down
payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses
from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect
to a particular proposed Initial Business Combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter
of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required
to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for,
or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our Initial Business Combination, our public
stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account
and our Warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon
our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be
reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors
herein. 

If the net proceeds
of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient, it could limit
the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our Initial Business Combination and we will
depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team to fund our search for an Initial Business Combination, to pay our franchise and income
taxes and to complete our Initial Business Combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our Initial
Business Combination. 

Of
the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units, only approximately 442,978 is available to us outside
of the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor,
management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. None of our Sponsor, members of our management team nor
any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from
funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of our Initial Business Combination. Up to 1,500,000
of such working capital loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of
the lender. Prior to the completion of our Initial Business Combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor
or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any
and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. If we need additional funds and are unable to obtain these loans, we may
be unable to complete our Initial Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Initial Business Combination because we do not
have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. Consequently, our public
stockholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our Public Shares, and our Warrants will expire worthless.
In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See 
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

15 

We have identified
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain
an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely
manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

We
have identified a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting related to the accrual of interest income and accounting
for our complex financial instruments (including redeemable equity instruments as described above) as of December 31, 2022. In light of
the material weakness identified and the resulting restatement, although we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable
accounting requirements, we plan to enhance our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better
evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time
include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel
and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can
only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and
corrected on a timely basis. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate
the material weakness. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will
ultimately have the intended effects. 

A
material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of its accounts or disclosures that could result in a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such a case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law
requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may
lose confidence in our financial reporting, our securities price may decline and we may face litigation as a result of the foregoing.
We cannot assure you that the measures it has taken to date, or any measures it may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential
future material weaknesses. 

As
a result of this material weakness, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of
December 31, 2022. 

We may face litigation
and other risks as a result of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

We
may face potential for litigation or other disputes which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities
laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the restatement and material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
and the preparation of our financial statements. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have no knowledge of any such litigation or
dispute. However, we can provide no assuran ce that such litigation or dispute will not arise in
the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition or our ability to complete an Initial Business Combination. 

16 

If third parties
bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
may be less than 10.00 per share. 

Our
placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all
vendors, service providers (other than Marcum LLP, as set forth below), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we
do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account
for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they
may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary
responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain
advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute
an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such
third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Marcum LLP, our independent registered
public accounting firm, and the underwriters of the Public Offering will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies
held in the Trust Account. 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our Public Shares, if we are unable to complete our Initial Business Combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise
of a redemption right in connection with our Initial Business Combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors
that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount
received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors.
Pursuant to the letter agreement, which is filed with this Annual Report, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to
the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have
entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of
funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the
Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of
the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target
business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Public Offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have
we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our Sponsor s
only assets are securities of our Company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.
None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
target businesses. 

Our directors may
decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account
available for distribution to our public stockholders. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per share and (ii) the actual amount per share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the
value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable
to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would
determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. 

While
we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary
duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent
directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not
likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account
available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

17 

If, after we distribute
the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims
of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by
paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If, before distributing
the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and
the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law,
and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders
in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If we are deemed
to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our
activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our Initial Business Combination. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the
nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the
issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our Initial Business Combination. 

In
addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

reg istration as an investment
company; 

adoption of a specific
form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping,
voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure
that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not
include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total
assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business is to identify and complete an
Initial Business Combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy
businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be
a passive investor. 

18 

We
do not believe that our principal activities subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account
may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted
to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business
plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant
bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act. Our securities are not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment
securities. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our Initial
Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we
do not complete our Initial Business Combination within the allotted time; or (iii) absent an Initial Business Combination by May 11,
2023, our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the Public Shares. If
we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be
subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which
we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete an Initial Business Combination or may result in our liquidation. If
we are unable to complete our Initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or
less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our Warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances,
our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third
parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

Those
laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time. In particular, it is possible that we
may become subject to different or heightened rules or requirements, or face increased regulatory scrutiny, by the SEC. These changes
could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations, and we may not have launched our Company
had we been subject to these changes in laws, regulations or increased regulatory scrutiny at the time of the Public Offering. In addition,
a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
including our ability to negotiate and complete our Initial Business Combination. 

If we are deemed
to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an Initial
Business Combination and instead be required to liquidate. To mitigate the risk of that result, on or prior to the 24-month anniversary
of the effective date of the registration statement relating to our Public Offering, we may instruct Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account and instead hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash. As a result,
following such change, we will likely receive minimal, if any, interest, on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the
dollar amount that our public stockholders would have otherwise received upon any redemption or liquidation if the assets in the Trust
Account had remained in U.S. government securities or money market funds. 

On
March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals relating, among other things, to circumstances
in which special purpose acquisition companies SPACs such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment
Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition
of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria.
To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a
de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a company to file a report on
Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months
after the effective date of the registration statement for its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete
its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of the registration statement for its initial public
offering. We understand that the SEC has recently been taking informal positions regarding the Investment Company Act consistent with
the SPAC Rule Proposals. 

19 

There
is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours, that does
not complete its initial business combination within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule. As indicated
above, we completed our Public Offering in May 2021 and have operated as a blank check company searching for a target business with which
to consummate an Initial Business Combination since such time (or approximately 24 months after the effective date of our Public Offering,
as of the date of this annual report). As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered
investment company if the SPAC Rule Proposals are adopted as proposed. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the
Investment Company Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an Initial Business Combination and instead be required
to liquidate. If we are required to liquidate, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares in a successor
operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants or rights following such a transaction,
and our warrants or rights would expire worthless. 

The
funds in the Trust Account have, since our Public Offering, been held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of
185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. To mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment
company under the Investment Company Act, we may, on or prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement
relating to our Public Offering, or May 7, 2023, instruct Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to
the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter
to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash (i.e., in one or more bank accounts) until the earlier of the consummation of an Initial
Business Combination or our liquidation. Following such liquidation of the assets in our Trust Account, we would likely receive minimal
interest, if any, on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would have otherwise
received upon any redemption or liquidation if the assets in the Trust Account had remained in U.S. government securities or money market
funds. This means that the amount available for redemption would not increase after such liquidation. 

In
addition, even prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement relating to Public Offering, we may
be deemed to be an investment company. The longer that the funds in the Trust Account are held in short-term U.S. government securities
or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, there is a greater risk that
we may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate. Accordingly, we may determine,
in our discretion, to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account at any time, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, and instead
hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash, which would further reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any
redemption or our liquidation. 

Our stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under
the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by
them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our Public
Shares in the event we do not complete our Initial Business Combination by May 11, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under
Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes
reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against
the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period
before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any
liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our
Public Shares as soon as reasonably possible following May 11, 2023 in the event we do not complete our Initial Business Combination and,
therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. 

20 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such
time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within
the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations
are limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such
as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the
DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro
rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after
the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought
against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but
no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion
of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our Public Shares in the event we do not complete our
Initial Business Combination by May 11, 2023 is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution
is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances
that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be
six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 

We may not hold
another annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our Initial Business Combination, which could delay the opportunity
for our stockholders to elect directors. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we were required to hold an annual meeting no later than one full year after
our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are required to hold an annual meeting
of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in
lieu of such a meeting. Accordingly, on December 16, 2022, we held an annual meeting at which stockholders elected Samuel McBride and
Timothy Presutti to continue to serve on the board of directors. We may not hold another annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors
prior to the consummation of our Initial Business Combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which
requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold another annual meeting prior to the consummation of our Initial
Business Combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance
with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. Until we hold another annual meeting of stockholders, public stockholders may not be afforded the opportunity
to discuss company affairs with management. 

Because we are
neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with
which to pursue our Initial Business Combination, stockholders will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target
business s operations. 

We
may pursue business combination opportunities in any industry or geographic region, except that we will not, under our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our Initial Business Combination with another blank check company or similar
company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business
combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results
of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our Initial Business Combination, we
may be affected by numerous risks relating to the target with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable
business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and
operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the
risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control
and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot
assure you that an investment in our Public Units, Public Shares, or Public Warrants will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors
than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose
to remain stockholders following our Initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the
breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring
a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the Initial Business
Combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

21 

Although we have
identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into
our Initial Business Combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with
which we enter into our Initial Business Combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our Initial Business Combination will not have some or all of these attributes. If we complete our Initial Business
Combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination
with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective Initial Business
Combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their
redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide
to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of
our Initial Business Combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete
our Initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our Warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may
receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against
us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than
 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

We may seek business
combination opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue, cash flow or earnings,
which could subject us to volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

To
the extent we complete our Initial Business Combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These
risks include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of
the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside
of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We are not required
to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, stockholders
may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. 

Unless
we complete our Initial Business Combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or from an independent valuation or appraisal firm that regularly prepares fairness opinions that the price we are paying
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

In
addition, if our board of directors is not able to determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, in connection
with Nasdaq rules that require that our Initial Business Combination must occur with one or more operating businesses or assets with a
fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working
capital purposes and taxes), we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent valuation or
appraisal firm that regularly prepares fairness opinions solely with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. 

22 

Other
than the two circumstances described above, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from
an independent valuation or appraisal firm. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of
directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used
will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our Initial Business Combination. 

We will issue additional
common stock or preferred stock to complete our Initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our
Initial Business Combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio
greater than one-to-one at the time of our Initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par
value 0.0001 per share, 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 82,150,000 and 5,687,500 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class
B common stock, respectively, available for issuance, which amounts do not take into account the shares of Class A common stock reserved
for issuance upon exercise of outstanding Warrants or the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of Class B common stock.
Shares of Class B common stock are convertible into shares of our Class A common stock initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to
adjustment as set forth herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A common stock or equity-linked securities
related to our Initial Business Combination. 

We
may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to complete our Initial Business Combination or under
an employee incentive plan after completion of our Initial Business Combination (although our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we may not issue securities that can vote with common stockholders on matters related to our pre-Initial Business Combination
activity). We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one
at the time of our Initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our Initial
Business Combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds
from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on any Initial Business Combination. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with the approval of our stockholders. However,
our executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose
any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 
of our Public Shares if we do not complete our Initial Business Combination by May 11, 2023 unless we provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided
by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. 

The issuance of additional
shares of common or preferred stock: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred
stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of
shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units,
Class A common stock and/or Warrants. 

23 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete an Initial Business Combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial
condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments
as of December 31, 2022 to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial
debt to complete our Initial Business Combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from
the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance
of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have
a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues
after an Initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness
even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest,
if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if
the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal
and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses,
make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting
to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic,
industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for
expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less
debt. 

We may only be able to complete one Initial
Business Combination with the proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units, which will cause us to be solely
dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of services and limited operating activities. This lack of diversification
may negatively impact our operating results and profitability. 

Of the net proceeds from our
Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units, only 442,978 remains available outside of our Trust Account at December
31, 2022 to complete our Initial Business Combination and pay related fees and expenses. 

24 

We may effectuate our Initial
Business Combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However,
we may not be able to effectuate our Initial Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including
the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that
present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By
completing our Initial Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic,
competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading
of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different
industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business,
property or asset, or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single
or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon
the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our Initial Business Combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete
Initial Business Combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination
and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its
business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay
our ability, to complete our Initial Business Combination. We do not, however, intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries
in conjunction with our Initial Business Combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers)
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results
of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our Initial Business
Combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in an Initial Business Combination with
a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our Initial Business
Combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our Initial Business Combination with a privately held company. Very little public information
generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential Initial Business
Combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in an Initial Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable
as we suspected, if at all. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete an Initial Business Combination with which
a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our Public Shares in
an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, a proposed Initial Business Combination may
impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or
other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. Nevertheless, we may be able to complete
our Initial Business Combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have
redeemed their Public Shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our Initial Business Combination and do not conduct redemptions in
connection with our Initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, may enter into privately negotiated agreements to
sell their Public Shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration
we would be required to pay for all Public Shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions
pursuant to the terms of the proposed Initial Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, and if the minimum
cash condition is not waived by our target, we will not complete the Initial Business Combination or redeem any Public Shares, all Public
Shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate Initial Business Combination. 

25 

In order to effectuate an Initial Business
Combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments,
including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our Initial Business Combination that our stockholders
may not support. 

In order to effectuate an
Initial Business Combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified
governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business
combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an Initial Business Combination and, with respect to
their Warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the Warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock. The warrant agreement
provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective
provision, and that all other modifications or amendments will require the vote or written consent of the holders of at least 50 of the
then outstanding Public Warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants, a majority
of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires us to
provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we
do not complete our Initial Business Combination by May 11, 2023. To the extent any such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change
the nature of any securities offered in the Public Offering, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected
securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate
an Initial Business Combination in order to effectuate our Initial Business Combination. 

The provisions of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing
the release of funds from our Trust Account), including an amendment to permit us to withdraw funds from the Trust Account such that the
per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated, may be amended with
the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies.
It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate
the completion of an Initial Business Combination that some of our stockholders may not support. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-Initial Business Combination activity (including the requirement to
deposit proceeds of the Public Offering and the private placement of Private Placement Units into the Trust Account and not release such
amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein and including to
permit us to withdraw funds from the Trust Account such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation
is substantially reduced or eliminated) may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and
corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders
of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may
be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the
DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. We may not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. Our Sponsor, who beneficially owns 22.2 of our common stock, will participate in any vote to amend our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose.
However, if certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation are proposed in connection with an Initial Business
Combination, we may also require the approval of the holders of Public Shares voting as a separate class. As a result, we may be able
to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-Initial Business Combination behavior
more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete an Initial Business Combination with
which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

26 

Our Sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our Initial
Business Combination by May 11, 2023 unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon
approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement that we have entered into
with our Sponsor, officers and directors. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and,
as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements.
As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

Our Sponsor may exert a substantial influence
on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our Sponsor owns Founder Shares
and Private Placement Shares representing 22.2 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, it may exert a substantial
influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our Sponsor purchases any additional shares
of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. However, if certain amendments
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation are proposed in connection with an Initial Business Combination, we may also
require the approval of the holders of Public Shares voting as a separate class. Factors that would be considered in making such additional
purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose
members were elected by our Sponsor, is divided into two classes, each of which, other than the initial term, will generally serve for
a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. Accordingly, on December 16, 2022, we held an annual
meeting at which stockholders elected Samuel McBride and Timothy Presutti to continue to serve on the board of directors. We may not hold
another annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our Initial Business Combination, in which case
all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the Initial Business Combination. If there is another
annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be
considered for election and our Sponsor, because of its ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly,
our Sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our Initial Business Combination. 

Because we must furnish our stockholders
with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous Initial Business Combination
with some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require
that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on an Initial Business Combination include historical and pro forma financial statement
disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they
are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled
to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards
as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements
may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB.
These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable
to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our
Initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our Initial Business Combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an Initial Business Combination. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report. Only in the event we are
deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required
to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting.
Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public
accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes
compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because
a target company with which we seek to complete our Initial Business Combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such Initial Business Combination. 

27 

Our Initial Business Combination and our
structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our stockholders and warrant holders. As a result of our Initial Business Combination,
our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain. 

Although we will attempt to
structure our Initial Business Combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and
law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in connection
with our Initial Business Combination and subject to any requisite stockholder approval, we may structure our Initial Business Combination
in a manner that requires stockholders and/or warrant holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes, effect an Initial Business
Combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, or reincorporate in a different jurisdiction (including, but not limited to,
the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to stockholders
or warrant holders to pay taxes in connection with our Initial Business Combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a stockholder or a warrant
holder may need to satisfy any liability resulting from our Initial Business Combination with cash from its own funds or by selling all
or a portion of the shares received. In addition, stockholders and warrant holders may also be subject to additional income, withholding
or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after our Initial Business Combination. 

In addition, we may effect
an Initial Business Combination with a target company that has business operations outside of the United States, and possibly, business
operations in multiple jurisdictions. If we effect such an Initial Business Combination, we could be subject to significant income, withholding
and other tax obligations in a number of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions.
Due to the complexity of tax obligations and filings in other jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations
by U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. taxing authorities. This additional complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our
after-tax profitability and financial condition. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition
companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets.
This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate
an initial business combination. 

In recent years, the number
of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose
acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition
companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer
attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose
acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets
with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive
deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases
in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. 

This could increase the cost
of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our
inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors, or at all. 

Changes in the market for directors and
officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an Initial Business Combination. 

In recent months, the market
for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and
our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged
for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue
into the future. 

28 

The increased cost and decreased
availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate
an Initial Business Combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result
of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or
both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business
combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In addition, even after we
complete an Initial Business Combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising
from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the Initial Business Combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers,
the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ).
The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate
our ability to consummate an Initial Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination
Company 

Subsequent to the completion of our Initial
Business Combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have
a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some
or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive
due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that
may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount
of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of
these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges
that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise
and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may
be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to
negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other
covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining
debt financing to partially finance the Initial Business Combination. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders
following the Initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have
a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers
or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities
laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the Initial Business Combination constituted an
actionable material misstatement or omission. 

Resources could be wasted in researching
Initial Business Combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our Initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only
approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our Warrants
will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation
of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments
will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we
decide not to complete a specific Initial Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for such transaction likely would
not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our Initial
Business Combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related
costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we
are unable to complete our Initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the Funds
in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our Warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances,
our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their Public Shares. See If third
parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

29 

Our ability to successfully effect our Initial
Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may
join us following our Initial Business Combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully
effect our Initial Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target
business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management
or advisory positions following our Initial Business Combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business
will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we employ after our Initial Business Combination, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements
of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with
such requirements. In addition, the officers and directors of an Initial Business Combination candidate may resign upon completion of
our Initial Business Combination. The departure of an Initial Business Combination target s key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an Initial Business Combination candidate s key personnel
upon the completion of our Initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members
of an Initial Business Combination candidate s management team will remain associated with the Initial Business Combination candidate
following our Initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an Initial Business Combination candidate
will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Initial Business Combination. These agreements may provide
for them to receive compensation following our Initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest
in determining whether a particular Initial Business Combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able
to remain with the company after the completion of our Initial Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting
agreements in connection with the Initial Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation
and consummation of the Initial Business Combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash
payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the Initial Business Combination. The personal
and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we
believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our Initial Business Combination will not be the determining
factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential Initial Business Combination. There is no certainty, however,
that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our Initial Business Combination. We cannot assure you that
any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key
personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our Initial Business Combination. 

We may have a limited ability to assess
the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our Initial Business Combination with a target business whose
management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the
value of our stockholders investment in us. 

When evaluating the desirability
of effecting our Initial Business Combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management
may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore,
may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following
the Initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors
of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the Initial Business Combination contained an actionable
material misstatement or material omission. 

30 

Our management may not be able to maintain
control of a target business after our Initial Business Combination. 

We may structure an Initial
Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity
interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such Initial Business Combination if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction
that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders
prior to the Initial Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending
on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the Initial Business Combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we
issue a substantial number of new shares of common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case,
we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock,
our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding voting securities subsequent
to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or
group obtaining a larger share of the Company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that
our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control
of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

The ability of our public stockholders to
exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our Initial Business Combination
would be unsuccessful and that our public stockholders would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem their stock. 

If our Initial Business Combination
agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount
of cash at closing which condition is not waived by the target company, the probability that our Initial Business Combination would be
unsuccessful is increased. If our Initial Business Combination is unsuccessful, our public stockholders would not receive their pro rata
portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If our public stockholders are in need of immediate liquidity, they
could attempt to sell their stock in the open market; however, at such time, our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount
per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, our public stockholders may suffer a material loss on their investment or lose the
benefit of funds expected in connection with their exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or they are able to sell their stock
in the open market. 

The ability of our public stockholders to
exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that the post-combination company
will be undercapitalized and there will be a limited public float for the securities of the post-combination company. 

At the time we enter into
an agreement for our Initial Business Combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore
will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If
too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, the post-combination company may receive less cash than it expects, or
needs, to pursue its business objectives. Further, significant redemptions may result in a limited public float for the securities of
the post-combination company. If the post-combination company is undercapitalized the post-combination company may be unable to pursue
its business objectives which could materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. If there
is a perception that the post-combination company is undercapitalized, or the public float for the securities of the post-combination
company is limited, it could cause significant material adverse consequences including reduced liquidity for our securities, limited news
and analyst coverage and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

31 

Risks Relating to Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign
Countries 

If we effect our Initial Business Combination
with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that
may negatively impact our operations. 

If we effect our Initial Business
Combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations
or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

higher costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border
business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations
may be effected; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts
receivable; 

tax issues, including but not limited to tax law changes and
variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks,
natural disasters and wars; 

deterioration of political relations with the United States;
and 

government appropriations of assets. 

We may not be able to adequately
address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations
and financial condition. 

32 

Risks Relating to our Management Team 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy
indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify
our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any
reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside
of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an Initial Business Combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may
discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

Past performance by B. Riley Financial,
its affiliates and our management team may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. 

Past performance by B. Riley
Financial, its affiliates and our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any Initial Business Combination
we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our Initial Business Combination. You should not rely
on the historical record of our management team s performance as indicative of our future performance of an investment in the Company
or the returns the Company will, or is likely to, generate going forward. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We will consider an Initial
Business Combination outside of our management s area of expertise if an Initial Business Combination candidate is presented to
us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our Company or we are unable to identify
a suitable candidate in our chosen sector after having expended a reasonable amount of time and effort in an attempt to do so. Although
our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that
we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our Public
Units, Public Shares or Public Warrants will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity
were available, in an Initial Business Combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue an Initial Business Combination outside
of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or
operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant
to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess
all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our Initial Business Combination
could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

We are dependent upon our executive officers
and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent
upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends
on the continued service of our executive officers and directors, at least until we have completed our Initial Business Combination. We
do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected
loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

33 

Our officers and directors will allocate
their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs.
This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination. 

Our officers and directors
are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their
time between our operations and our search for an Initial Business Combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any
full-time employees prior to the completion of our Initial Business Combination. Each of our officers is engaged in other business endeavors
for which they may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours
per week to our affairs. In particular, certain of our officers and directors are employed by B. Riley Financial which make investments
in securities or other interests of or relating to companies in industries we may target for our Initial Business Combination. Our directors
and officers may also serve as officers or board members for other entities. Any such companies businesses or investments, may present
additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an Initial Business Combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts
would materially affect our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination. If our officers and directors other business
affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit
their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination.
For a complete discussion of our officers and directors other business affairs, please see the section of this Annual Report
entitled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Certain of our officers and directors are
now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be
conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our Initial
Business Combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. 

Our officers and directors
also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe
certain fiduciary or contractual duties. 

Accordingly, they may have
conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be
resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director
or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company
and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue,
and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. In
addition, our Sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or
may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an Initial Business Combination. As a result,
our Sponsor, officers and directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities
to us or to any other special purpose acquisition company with which they may become involved. Any such companies businesses or investments,
may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an Initial Business Combination. We believe there are no such corporate opportunities
that have not been presented to us as a result of these provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Further,
we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination.
The determination of whether an opportunity has been expressly offered to a director of officer solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company will be made based on express statements by the person offering the opportunity, and if a director or officer
is unsure of whether an opportunity was offered in such capacity, he or she shall seek guidance on such determination from the audit committee
of our board of directors. Depending on the facts or circumstances, there may be challenges in determining whether an opportunity was
expressly offered to a director or officer solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company, and such determinations
may not be resolved in our favor, in which case a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation
to us. 

Please see Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance and Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, Director Independence 
for a discussion of our officers and directors business affiliations and potential conflicts of interest. 

34 

Our officers, directors, security holders
and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy
that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial
interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact,
we may enter into an Initial Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or officers,
although we do not intend to do so, or we may acquire a target business through an Affiliated Joint Acquisition (as defined below) with
one or more affiliates of B. Riley Financial. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their
own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their
interests and ours. Any such companies businesses or investments, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an Initial
Business Combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our
Initial Business Combination. 

We may engage in an Initial Business Combination
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors
or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement
of our Sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor,
officers or directors. Our directors and officers also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation,
those described under the section of this Annual Report entitled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts
of Interest, which may compete with us for Initial Business Combination opportunities. Our Sponsor, officers and directors are
not currently pursuing of any specific opportunities for us to complete our Initial Business Combination with any entities with which
they are affiliated, and there have been no discussions concerning an Initial Business Combination with any such entity or entities. Although
we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction
if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for an Initial Business Combination and such transaction was approved by
a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that
is a member of FINRA, or from an independent valuation or appraisal firm that regularly prepares fairness opinions, regarding the fairness
to the Company and our stockholders from a financial point of view of an Initial Business Combination with one or more domestic or international
businesses affiliated with our officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result,
the terms of the Initial Business Combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts
of interest. These risks may become more acute as the 24-month deadline for the completion of our Initial Business Combination approaches. 

Moreover, we may,
at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition (as defined below) opportunity with B. Riley Financial, its affiliates or with other
entities to which an officer or director has a fiduciary, contractual or other obligation or duty. Any such parties may co-invest with
us in the target business at the time of our Initial Business Combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition
by making a specified future issuance to any such parties, which may give rise to certain conflicts of interest. In order to satisfy applicable
regulatory or other legal requirements applicable to an Affiliated Joint Acquisition, our Initial Business Combination may be effected
on less favorable terms than otherwise would apply if the Initial Business Combination were not an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. 

We may acquire a target business through
an Affiliated Joint Acquisition with one or more affiliates of B. Riley Financial. This may result in conflicts of interest as well as
dilutive issuances of our securities. 

We may, at our option, pursue
an Affiliated Joint Acquisition (as defined below) opportunity with an entity affiliated with B. Riley Financial. Any such parties would
co-invest only if (i) permitted by applicable regulatory and other legal limitations; (ii) we and B. Riley Financial considered a transaction
to be mutually beneficial to us as well as the affiliated entity; and (iii) other business reasons exist to do so, such as the strategic
merits of including such co-investors, the need for additional capital beyond the amount held in our Trust Account to fund the Initial
Business Combination and/or the desire to obtain committed capital for closing the Initial Business Combination. An Affiliated Joint Acquisition
may be effected through a co-investment with us in the target business at the time of our Initial Business Combination, or we could raise
additional proceeds to complete the Initial Business Combination by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities.
Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

In addition, any specified
future issuance in connection with Affiliated Joint Acquisition would trigger the anti-dilution provisions of our Class B common stock,
which, unless waived, would result in an adjustment to the conversion ratio of our Class B common stock such that our Sponsor and its
permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership of Founder Shares at 20 of the sum of the total number
of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of the offering excluding Private Placement Shares underlying the Private Placement
Units plus all shares issued in the specified future issuance. If such adjustment is not waived, the specified future issuance would not
reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common stock, but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class
A common stock. 

35 

Since our Sponsor, officers and directors
will lose their entire investment in us if our Initial Business Combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining
whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our Initial Business Combination. 

In connection with our initial
formation in June 2020, a wholly-owned subsidiary of B. Riley Financial (which is the parent of our Sponsor) was issued 7,187,500 Founder
Shares. On April 19, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered 2,875,000 Founder Shares to the Company for no consideration, resulting
in the Sponsor owning 4,312,500 Founder Shares. The number of Founder Shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation
that such Founder Shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after the offering excluding the Private Placement Shares underlying
the Private Placement Units. The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete an Initial Business Combination. In addition,
our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 600,000 Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per unit, that will also be worthless if we
do not complete an Initial Business Combination. The members of our management team and our directors, together with certain officers
of companies affiliated with B. Riley Financial who will assist us in sourcing potential acquisition targets, have also invested in our
Sponsor by subscribing units issued by the Sponsor. Through their investment in the Sponsor, these officers and directors share in a portion
of any appreciation in Founder Shares and Private Placement Units, provided that we successfully complete an Initial Business Combination. 

Holders of Founder Shares
and Private Placement Shares have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any Initial Business Combination and (B) not
to redeem any Founder Shares or Private Placement Shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a Initial Business Combination
or in connection with a tender offer. In addition, we may obtain loans from our Sponsor, affiliates of our Sponsor or an officer or director.
The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target
business combination, completing an Initial Business Combination and influencing the operation of the business following the Initial Business
Combination. 

The nominal purchase price paid by our Sponsor
for the Founder Shares may result in significant dilution to the implied value of your Public Shares upon the consummation of the Initial
Business Combination. 

We offered our Public Units
at an offering price of 10.00 per unit and, as of December 31, 2022, the amount in our Trust Account was approximately 10.07 per Public
Share, implying a value of 10.00 per Public Share. However, prior to our Public Offering, our Sponsor paid a nominal aggregate purchase
price of 25,000 for the Founder Shares, or approximately 0.006 per share. In addition, our Sponsor purchased 600,000 Private Placement
Units containing 600,000 Private Placement Shares. As a result, the value of your Public Shares may be significantly diluted upon the
consummation of the Initial Business Combination, when the Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares are converted into Public Shares.
For example, the following table shows the dilutive effect of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares on the implied value of
the Public Shares upon the consummation of the Initial Business Combination assuming that our equity value at that time is 172,500,000,
which is the amount we would have for the Initial Business Combination in the Trust Account assuming no interest is earned on the funds
held in the Trust Account, and no Public Shares are redeemed in connection with the Initial Business Combination, and without taking into
account any other potential impacts on our valuation at such time, such as the trading price of our Public Shares, the business combination
transaction costs (including payment of 6,037,500 pursuant to the business combination marketing agreement), any equity issued or cash
paid to the target s sellers or other third parties, or the target s business itself, including its assets, liabilities, management
and prospects, as well as the value of our Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants. At such valuation, each of our shares of common
stock would have an implied value of approximately 7.85 per share upon consummation of our Initial Business Combination, which is a 22.2 
decrease as compared to the initial implied value per public share of 10.08. 

Public Shares 
 17,250,000 
 
 Founder Shares 
 4,312,500 
 
 Private Placement Shares 
 600,000 
 
 Total shares 
 22,162,500 
 
 Total funds in trust available for Initial Business Combination at December 31, 2022 
 174,437,246 
 
 Initial implied value per Public Share 
 10.11 
 
 Approximate implied value per share upon consummation of Initial Business Combination 
 7.87 

The value of the Founder Shares and Private
Placement Shares following completion of the Initial Business Combination is likely to be substantially higher than the price paid for
them, even if the trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

Our Sponsor has invested in
us an aggregate of 6,025,000, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the Founder Shares and the 6,000,000 purchase price for the
Private Placement Units. Assuming a trading price of 10.00 per share upon consummation of the Initial Business Combination, the 4,312,500
Founder Shares and 600,000 Private Placement Shares would have an aggregate implied value of 49,125,000. Even if the trading price of
our common stock were as low as 1.23 per share, and the Private Placement Warrants are worthless, the value of the Founder Shares and
Private Placement Shares would be equal to the Sponsor s initial investment in us. As a result, our Sponsor is likely to be able
to make a substantial profit on its investment in us at a time when our Public Shares have lost significant value. Accordingly, our management
team, which owns interests in our Sponsor, may be more willing to pursue an Initial Business Combination with a riskier or less-established target
business than would be the case if our Sponsor had paid the same per share price for the Founder Shares as our public shareholders paid
for their Public Shares. 

36 

Risks Relating to our Securities 

You will not have any rights or interests
in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced
to sell your Public Shares or Public Warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an Initial Business Combination,
and then only in connection with those Public Shares that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described
herein, (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete
our Initial Business Combination by May 11, 2023 and (iii) the redemption of our Public Shares if we are unable to complete an Initial
Business Combination by May 11, 2023, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public
stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of Warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held
in the Trust Account with respect to the Warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares
or Public Warrants, potentially at a loss. 

A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be
imposed on us in connection with redemptions by us of our shares. 

On August 16, 2022, President
Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Inflation Reduction Act ), which, among other things,
imposes a 1 excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased by a domestic corporation beginning in 2023, with certain exceptions
(the Excise Tax ). Because we are a Delaware corporation and our securities are traded on Nasdaq, we are a covered
corporation within the meaning of the Inflation Reduction Act. While not free from doubt, it is possible that the Excise Tax will
apply to any redemptions of our common stock after December 31, 2022, including redemptions in connection with an Initial Business Combination
and any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the time to consummate an Initial Business Combination,
unless an exemption is available. Issuances of securities in connection with an Initial Business Combination transaction (including any
PIPE transaction at the time of an Initial Business Combination) are expected to reduce the amount of the Excise Tax in connection with
redemptions occurring in the same taxable year (generally by the value of the securities issued), but the value of the securities redeemed
may exceed the value of the securities issued. 

Consequently, the value of
your investment in our securities may decrease and the amount you may receive upon redemption may be negatively impacted as a result of
the Excise Tax. In addition, the Excise Tax may make a transaction with us less appealing to potential Initial Business Combination targets,
and thus potentially hinder our ability to enter into and consummate an Initial Business Combination, particularly an Initial Business
Combination in which substantial PIPE issuances are not contemplated. 

On December 27, 2022, the
U.S. Department of Treasury released Notice 2023-2, which provides taxpayers with interim guidance on the 1 excise tax that may be relied
upon until the IRS issues proposed Treasury regulations on such matter. Furthermore, Notice 2023-2 includes as one of its many exceptions
to the 1 excise tax, a distribution in complete liquidation of a covered corporation to which Sec. 331 of the Internal
Revenue Code (the IRC applies (so long as Sec. 332(a) of the IRC also does not apply). Consequently, we would not
expect the 1 excise tax to apply if there is a complete liquidation of our remaining Public Shares under Sec. 331 of the IRC. Nonetheless,
we are not permitted to use the proceeds placed in the Trust Account and the interest earned thereon to pay any excise taxes or any other
similar fees or taxes in nature that may be imposed on the Company pursuant to any current, pending or future rules or laws, including
without limitation any excise tax due imposed under the Inflation Reduction Act on any redemptions or stock buybacks by our Company. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading
on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

Our securities are listed
on Nasdaq. There can be no assurance that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our Initial Business
Combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our Initial Business Combination, we must maintain certain
financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders equity (generally
 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). 

37 

Additionally, in connection
with our Initial Business Combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements,
which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities
on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our stockholders equity would
generally be required to be at least 5.0 million, and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders (with at least
50 of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least 2,500) of our securities. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If, in connection with our Initial Business Combination,
a large number of our public stockholders redeem their Public Shares for cash, it may be more difficult for us to meet those initial listing
requirements at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists our securities
from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities
could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny
stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result
in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain
additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets
Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which
are referred to as covered securities. Because our Public Units, Class A common stock and Public Warrants are listed on
Nasdaq, our Units, Class A common stock and Warrants are covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from
regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud,
and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular
case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check
companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these
powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were
no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which
we offer our securities, including in connection with our Initial Business Combination. 

You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless we
register and qualify the underlying shares of Class A common stock or certain exemptions are available. 

If the issuance of the shares
of Class A common stock upon exercise of the Warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under
the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of Warrants will not be entitled to exercise such Warrants and such Warrants
may have no value and expire worthless. 

38 

We registered the shares of
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants in the registration statement for our Public Offering because the Warrants
will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of our Initial Business Combination, which may be within one year of our Public Offering.
However, because the Warrants will be exercisable through their expiration date of up to five years after the completion of our Initial
Business Combination, in order to comply with the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act following the consummation of
our Initial Business Combination, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event
later than 15 business days after the closing of our Initial Business Combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a
post-effective amendment to the registration statement for our Public Offering or a new registration statement for the registration under
the Securities Act of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and thereafter will use our best efforts
to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our Initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus
relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, until the expiration of the Warrants in accordance with the
provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which
represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained
or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of
the Public Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their Public Warrants
on a cashless basis. However, no Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any
shares to holders seeking to exercise their Warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified
under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above,
if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that
it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require
holders of Public Warrants who exercise their Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and
in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the
extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any Warrant, or issue securities or other compensation
in exchange for the Warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the Warrants under applicable
state securities laws and there is no exemption available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the Warrants is not so registered
or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such Warrant will not be entitled to exercise such Warrant and
such Warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their Public Warrants as part of a purchase of
Public Units will have paid the full Public Unit purchase price solely for the Public Shares included in the Public Units. If and when
the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise
of the Public Warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect
such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky
laws of the state of residence in those states in which the Warrants were offered by us in the Public Offering. However, there may be
instances in which holders of our Public Warrants may be unable to exercise such Public Warrants but holders of our Private Placement
Warrants may be able to exercise such Private Placement Warrants. 

If warrant holders exercise their
Public Warrants on a cashless basis, they will receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if they
were to exercise such Public Warrants for cash. 

There are circumstances in
which the exercise of the Public Warrants may be required or permitted to be made on a cashless basis. First, if a registration statement
covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after
the closing of our Initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement,
exercise Public Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption from registration.
Second, if our Class A common stock is at any time of any exercise of a Public Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such
that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option,
require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and
in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the
extent an exemption is not available. Third, if we call the Public Warrants for redemption, our management will have the option to require
all holders that wish to exercise Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In the event of an exercise on a cashless basis, a holder
would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the Public Warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the
quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied
by the excess of the fair market value (as defined in the next sentence) of the Class A common stock over the exercise price
of the Public Warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported last sale price of the
Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received
by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Public Warrants, as applicable. As a result, warrant
holders would receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if they were to exercise such Public Warrants
for cash. 

39 

The grant of registration rights to our
Sponsor, may make it more difficult to complete our Initial Business Combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely
affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

Pursuant to the registration
rights agreement entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in the Public Offering, our Sponsor and its permitted
transferees can demand that we register the Private Placement Units, the Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement Warrants, the
shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Founder Shares and the Private Placement Warrants held, or to be held, by
them and holders of securities that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such Private Placement
Units, Private Placement Shares, Private Placement Warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement
Warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities
for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence
of the registration rights may make our Initial Business Combination more costly or difficult to conclude. 

This is because the stockholders
of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the
negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our Sponsor or holders of
working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 

We may amend the terms of the Public Warrants
with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants. As a result, the exercise price of Public Warrants
could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise
of a Public Warrant could be decreased, all without public stockholders approval. 

Our Warrants were issued in
registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant
agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any
defective provision, and that all other modifications or amendments will require the vote or written consent of the holders of at least
50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants,
a majority of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the
consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among
other things, increase the exercise price of the Public Warrants, convert the Public Warrants into cash or stock, shorten the exercise
period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a Public Warrant. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may
make it more difficult for us to consummate an Initial Business Combination. 

Unlike some blank check companies,
if 

(i) we issue additional shares of Class
A common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock for capital raising purposes
in connection with the closing of the Initial Business Combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common
stock; 

(ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from
such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for funding the Initial Business
Combination, and 

(iii) the Market Value is below
 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the Warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and
the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 
of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an Initial
Business Combination with a target business. 

40 

Our Warrants are accounted for as derivative
liabilities and were recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have
an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an Initial Business Combination. 

We issued 5,750,000 Public
Warrants as part of the Public Units in the Public Offering and 600,000 Private Placement Units which will have 200,000 underlying Private
Placement Warrants. We account for both the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants as a warrant liability. At each reporting
period (1) the accounting treatment of the Warrants will be re-evaluated for proper accounting treatment as a liability or equity and
(2) the fair value of the liability of the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants will be remeasured and the change in the
fair value of the liability will be recorded as other income (expense) in our income statement. The impact of changes in fair value on
earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, potential targets may seek a special purpose
acquisition company that does not have Warrants that are accounted for as a liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate
an Initial Business Combination with a target business. 

We may redeem unexpired Public Warrants
prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to stockholders, thereby making their Public Warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem
outstanding Public Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per Public Warrant,
provided that the last reported sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the
third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If
and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock
upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable
to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the
blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the Public Warrants were offered by us in the Public Offering. Redemption
of the outstanding Public Warrants could force stockholders (i) to exercise Public Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time
when it may be disadvantageous to do so, (ii) to sell their Public Warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise
wish to hold their Public Warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Public Warrants
are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of their Public Warrants. None of the Private Placement
Warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

Our Warrants and Founder Shares may have
an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our Initial Business Combination. 

We issued Public Warrants
to purchase 5,750,000 shares of our Class A common stock as part of the Public Units offered in the Public Offering, and we issued 600,000
Private Placement Units which have underlying Private Placement Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 200,000 shares of Class A common
stock at 10.00 per share. Our Sponsor currently owns an aggregate of 4,312,500 Founder Shares. The Founder Shares are convertible into
shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our Sponsor or its affiliates,
or any of our officers or directors, makes any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into private placement-equivalent
units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the Private Placement Units, including
as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period of the underlying warrants. 

To the extent we issue shares
of Class A common stock to effectuate an Initial Business Combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional
shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these Warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive business combination
vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock
and reduce the value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the Initial Business Combination. Therefore, our Warrants
and Founder Shares may make it more difficult to effectuate an Initial Business Combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target
business. 

41 

The Private Placement Units
are identical to the Public Units sold in the Public Offering except that the Private Placement Warrants, so long as they are held by
our Sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by us, (ii) they (including the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of these Private Placement Warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by
our Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our Initial Business Combination, (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless
basis, (iv) will be entitled to registration rights and (v) for so long as they are held by our Sponsor, will not be exercisable more
than five years from the commencement of sales of in the Public Offering in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A). 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our Warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides
that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement,
including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the
exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts
represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act
or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person
or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our Warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented
to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions
of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed
to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with
any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of
process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision
may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company,
which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable
with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

There is currently a limited market for
our securities, and subsequent to the completion our Business Combination, the market for our securities, and the public float of those
securities, may continue to be limited, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

There is currently a limited
market for our market for our securities. The price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential Initial Business
Combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or,
if developed, it may not be sustained. 

If, in connection with our
Initial Business Combination, a large number of our public stockholders redeem their Public Shares for cash, the public float of our securities
may be reduced, which could cause significant material adverse consequences including reduced liquidity for our securities, limited news
and analyst coverage, decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future and increased difficulty
in obtaining or maintaining the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

42 

General Risk Factors 

We are a blank check company with no operating
history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a blank check company
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis
upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our Initial Business Combination. We have no plans,
arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning an Initial Business Combination and may be unable to complete
our Initial Business Combination. If we fail to complete our Initial Business Combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

There is substantial doubt about our ability
to continue to operate as a going concern. 

On December 31, 2022, we had
 442,978 in our operating bank account, 174,437,246 in investments held in the Trust
Account to be used for an Initial Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its public shares in connection therewith and working
capital of 342,570, which excludes accrued interest receivable of 558,497, income taxes payable of 454,600 and Delaware franchise
taxes payable of 95,122 (which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses at December 31, 2022) as franchise taxes are
paid from the Trust Account from interest income earned. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant
costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to consummate an Initial Business Combination
will be successful by May 11, 2023 pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation .
These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained
elsewhere in this Annual Report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern. 

We are an emerging growth company within
the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth
companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with
other public companies. 

We are an emerging
growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth
company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our
Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer
be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive
because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions,
the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period,
which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an
emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may
make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth
company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant
standards used. 

43 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their
best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms
of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that
otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

We are also subject to anti-takeover
provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management
more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our
securities. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding
brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee
to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any
provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against
us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the
State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable
party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction
of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or
forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an action
is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s
counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types
of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the
provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed
to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce
a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27
of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Additionally, unless we consent
in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal courts shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint
asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act against us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or agents.
Section 22 of the Securities Act, however, created concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce
any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether
a court would enforce these exclusive forum provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies 
charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. While the Delaware courts have determined that such exclusive forum provisions
are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum
provisions, and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. Any person or
entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions;
however, we note that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

44 

Although we believe this provision
benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision
may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us and may have the effect of discouraging
lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us
could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies,
including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may
deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure
of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential
data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against
such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability
to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business
and lead to financial loss. 

We may not be able to adequately
address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations
and financial condition. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our executive offices are located at 299 Park
Avenue, 21st Floor, New York, NY 10171, and our telephone number is (212) 457-3300. Our executive offices are provided to us by an affiliate
of our Sponsor. We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 3,750 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial
and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are not currently subject to any material legal
proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their
corporate capacity. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable. 

45 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

The Company s Class A common stock, Public
Warrants and Public Units are currently listed on Nasdaq under the symbols BRIV, BRIVW, and BRIVU, respectively. Our Public Units began
public trading on May 11, 2021, our Class A common stock and Public Warrants began public trading on June 28, 2021. 

Holders 

As of March 22, 2022 there was one holder of record
of our Class A common stock, one holder of record of our Public Warrants, one holder of record of our Founder Shares, one holder
of record of our Public Units and one holder of record of our Private Placement Units. The number of holders of record does not include
a substantially greater number of street name holders or beneficial holders whose Public Units, Class A common stock, and
Public Warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common
stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our Initial Business Combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our Initial Business Combination. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our Initial Business
Combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds 

Use of Proceeds 

On May 11, 2021, we consummated the Public Offering
of 15,000,000 Public Units. Each Public Unit consists of one Public Share and one-third of one Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share, and only whole Public Warrants are exercisable.
The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of our Initial Business Combination and will expire five years
after the completion of our Initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Subject to certain terms and conditions,
we may redeem the Public Warrants either for cash once the Public Warrants become exercisable or for shares of our Class A Common Stock
commencing 90 days after the Public Warrants become exercisable. On June 14, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option
in full and purchased an additional 2,250,000 Public Units, generating additional gross proceeds of 22,500,000. 

The Public Units were sold at a price of 10.00
per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 172,500,000. B. Riley Securities, Inc. served as the sole book-running manager
for the Public Offering. The securities sold in the Public Offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement
on Form S-1 (No. 333-253464). The SEC declared the registration statements effective on May 7, 2021. 

We paid a total of 3,450,000 in underwriting
discounts and commissions and 571,103 for other costs and expenses related to the Public Offering. B. Riley Securities, Inc., an underwriter
in the Public Offering, and an affiliate of us and our Sponsor (which Sponsor beneficially owns more than 10 of our common stock) received
a portion of the underwriting discounts and commissions related to the Public Offering. After deducting the underwriting discounts and
commissions and incurred offering costs, the total net proceeds from our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units were
 173,409,563 of which 172,500,000 (or 10.00 per Public Unit sold in the Public Offering) was placed in the Trust Account. We also repaid
 100,000 in noninterest bearing loans made to us by our Sponsor to cover expenses related to the Public Offering. Other than as described
above, no payments were made by us to directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our common stock or to their associates,
or to our affiliates. 

46 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and
analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of B. Riley Principal 250 Merger Corp. should be read in conjunction with
the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. Certain information contained in the discussion
and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report includes
forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report including, without
limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations,
are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, 
 could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. We have based these forward-looking statements on
our current expectations and projections about future events. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different
from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors
that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in the Risk Factors section of our
final prospectus for our Public Offering and in our other SEC filings. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law,
we disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Initial Business Combination 

We intend to effectuate an
Initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our Public Offering, including the proceeds from the sale of the Over-Allotment
Public Units, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units, including the Over-Allotment Private Placement Units, and from
additional issuances of, if any, our capital stock and our debt, or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

Results of Operations 

Our business activities from
inception to December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of our preparation for our Public Offering that was completed on May 11, 2021 and,
since the Public Offering on May 11, 2021, identification and evaluation of prospective acquisition targets for an Initial Business Combination.
We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our Initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating income
in the form of net gain from investments held in Trust Account. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had net income of 5,439,084. Our net income for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisted of interest income earned in
the amount of 2,488,208 on funds held in the Trust Account, loss from operations in the amount of 1,180,024, unrealized gain on change
in fair value of warrants in the amount of 4,585,500, and provision for income tax expense of 454,600. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, we had net income of 166,254. Our net income for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisted of interest income earned in the
amount of 7,535 on funds held in the Trust Account, loss from operations in the amount of 574,977, warrant issue costs of 124,789,
unrealized gain on change in fair value of derivative liability of 84,985 and an unrealized gain on change in fair value of warrants
in the amount of 773,500. 

47 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Until the closing of the Public
Offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial sale of shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Founder
Shares ), to our Sponsor, and the proceeds of a promissory note (the Note from the Sponsor, in the amount
of 300,000. We had an outstanding balance on the Note of 100,000 at the time of the Public Offering and the Note was repaid in full
on May 17, 2021 with proceeds raised from the closing of the Public Offering. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had 442,978 in its operating bank account, 174,437,246 in investments held in the Trust
Account to be used for an Initial Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its Public Shares in connection therewith and working
capital of 342,570, which excludes accrued interest receivable of 558,497, income taxes payable of 454,600 and Delaware franchise
taxes payable of 95,122 (which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses at December 31, 2022) as franchise taxes are
paid from the Trust Account from interest income earned. 

Income on the funds held in
the Trust Account may be released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes. 

Our registration statement
for our initial public offering (the Public Offering was declared effective on May 7, 2021. On May 11, 2021, we
consummated the Public Offering of 15,000,000 units (the Public Units at 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross
proceeds of 150,000,000. Each Public Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock (the Public Shares of the
Company, par value 0.0001, and one-third of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants of the Company, with each
Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.
On June 14, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full and purchased an additional 2,250,000 Public Units (the
 Over-Allotment Public Units ), generating additional gross proceeds of 22,500,000 million. We incurred total offering
costs of approximately 4,021,103 consisting of 3,450,000 (2 of gross proceeds) million in underwriting fees and other offering costs
of 571,103. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Public Offering, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 555,000 units (the Private
Placement Units to our Sponsor, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the
Company of 5,550,000. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock (the Private Placement Shares of the Company, par value 0.0001, and one-third of one redeemable warrant (the Private Placement Warrants of the
Company, with each Private Placement Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per
share, subject to adjustment. On June 14, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Public Units, we consummated a private
sale of an additional 45,000 Private Placement Units (the Over-Allotment Private Placement Units to our Sponsor,
generating gross proceeds of 450,000. 

A total of 172,500,000, comprised
of 169,050,000 of the proceeds from the Public Offering and the sale of the Over-Allotment Public Units (which amount includes a 6,037,500
fee payable to B. Riley Securities, Inc. pursuant to the business combination marketing agreement upon completion of an Initial Business
Combination) and 3,450,000 from the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Units and the Over-Allotment Private Placement Units,
was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at Bank of America, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting
as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its
franchise and income tax obligations (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), the funds held in the Trust Account
will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s Initial Business Combination,
(ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (the Amended Charter to modify the substance or timing of the Company s
obligation to redeem 100 of the Company s Public Shares if the Company does not complete its Initial Business Combination by May
11, 2023 or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity
and (iii) the redemption of 100 of the Company s Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete an Initial Business Combination
by May 11, 2023, subject to applicable law. 

48 

We have not entered into any
off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities,
or entered into any non-financial agreements involving assets. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
did not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

Going Concern Consideration 

We
have principally financed our operations from inception using proceeds from the promissory note from the Sponsor prior to the Public Offering
and such amount of proceeds from the Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Units, and the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment
in full that were placed in a bank account outside of the Trust Account for working capital purposes. In connection with the closing of
the Public Offering, Private Placement, and the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment in full, 172,500,000 (or 10.00 per
Class A common stock) of proceeds were placed in the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022, we had 442,978 in our operating bank
account, 174,437,246 in investments held in the Trust Account to be used for an Initial Business Combination or to repurchase or
redeem its public shares in connection therewith and working capital of 342,570, which excludes accrued interest receivable of 558,497,
income taxes payable of 454,600 and Delaware franchise taxes payable of 95,122 (which is included in accounts payable and
accrued expenses at December 31, 2022) as franchise taxes and income taxes are paid from the Trust Account from interest income earned. 

If our funds are insufficient to meet the expenditures required for
operating our business in the attempt to find an Initial Business Combination or in the event that an Initial Business Combination is
not consummated, we will likely need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business.
We may not be able to obtain additional financing or raise additional capital to finance its ongoing operations. If we are unable to raise
additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be
limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction and reducing overhead expenses. If we are unable
to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete an Initial Business Combination by May 11, 2023, then we will cease
all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it
on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
for one year from the issuance date of these financial statements. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating
to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to
continue as a going concern. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

On May 7, 2021, we entered
into an administrative support agreement pursuant to which we have agreed to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of 3,750 per month
for office space, administrative and support services. Upon the earlier of the completion of the Initial Business Combination and the
Company s liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Business Combination Marketing Agreement 

We have engaged B. Riley Securities,
Inc. as advisors in connection with the Initial Business Combination to assist us in arranging meetings with stockholders to discuss the
potential Initial Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce us to potential investors that may be interested
in purchasing our securities, assist us in obtaining stockholder approval for our Initial Business Combination and assist us with the
preparation of press releases and public filings in connection with the Initial Business Combination. We will pay B. Riley Securities,
Inc. for such services upon the consummation of the Initial Business Combination a cash fee in an amount equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds
of the Public Offering (exclusive of any applicable finders fees which might become payable). Pursuant to the terms of the business
combination marketing agreement, no fee will be due if we do not complete an Initial Business Combination. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

The holders of Founder Shares,
Private Placement Units and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, (and any shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Units or working capital warrants) are entitled to registration rights
pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed upon the consummation of the Public Offering. These holders are entitled to certain
demand and piggyback registration rights. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

49 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from
those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: 

Warrant Derivative Liability 

In accordance with FASB ASC
815-40, Derivatives and Hedging: Contracts in an Entities Own Equity, an entity must consider whether to classify contracts that may be
settled in its own stock, such as warrants, as equity of the entity or as an asset or liability. If an event that is not within the entity s
control could require net cash settlement, then the contract should be classified as an asset or a liability rather than as equity. We
have determined because the terms of Public Warrants include a provision that entitles all warrant holders to cash for their Public Warrants
in the event of a qualifying cash tender offer, while only certain of the holders of the underlying shares of common stock would be entitled
to cash, our Public Warrants should be classified as derivative liability measured at fair value, with changes in fair value each period
reported in earnings. Further if our Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than initial purchasers of the Private Placement
Warrants or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders
on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Because the terms of the Private Placement Warrants and Public Warrants are so similar, we classified
both types of Warrants as a derivative liability measured at fair value. Volatility in our Public Shares and Public Warrants may result
in significant changes in the value of the derivatives and resulting gains and losses on our statement of operations. 

Earnings (Loss) per Common Share 

Basic earnings (loss) per
common share is computed by dividing net income applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
during the period. All shares of Class B common stock are assumed to convert to shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis.
Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Potential common shares for outstanding warrants to purchase
the Company s stock were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because the Warrants
are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have
any dilutive Warrants, securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock. As a result,
diluted earnings (loss) per common share is the same as basic earnings per common share for all periods presented. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, we reported earnings per redeemable and non-redeemable common share of 0.25. 

Redeemable Shares 

All of the 17,250,000 Public
Shares sold as part of the Public Offering contain a redemption feature as described in the Final Prospectus. In accordance with FASB ASC
480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require
the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Conditionally redeemable Class A common stock (including shares of Class A
common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence
of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A common stock is classified
as stockholders equity. Our Class A common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control
and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, 17,250,000 shares of Class A common stock
subject to possible redemption at the redemption amount were presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of stockholders 
equity on our Balance Sheet. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

As of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to
any market or interest rate risk. 

We have not engaged in any hedging activities
since our inception. We do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed. 

50 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

Index to Financial Statements 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 21, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders
and Board of Directors of 

B. Riley
Principal 250 Merger Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have
audited the accompanying balance sheets of B. Riley Principal 250 Merger Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s funds may not be sufficient to meet the required expenditures and finance ongoing
operations. The Company may not be able to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by
May 11, 2023. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted
our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we
are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

Marcum LLP 

We have
served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

April 14, 2023 

F- 2 

B. RILEY PRINCIPAL 250 MERGER CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accrued interest receivable 

Prepaid expenses - current 

Total current assets 

Prepaid expenses - non-current 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Due to related party 

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liability 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) 

Class A Common stock subject to possible redemption; shares (at redemption value of 10.07 and per share at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively)

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (excluding 17,250,000 subject to redemption) 

Class B Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings (deficit) 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

B. RILEY PRINCIPAL 250 MERGER CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Warrant issue costs 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Total other income 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common shares

Basic weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common shares 

Basic net income per share, Class B common shares 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common shares 

Basic net income per share, Class B common shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

F- 4 

B. RILEY PRINCIPAL 250 MERGER CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A Common 
 Stock 
 Class B Common 
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Retained 
Earnings 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 (Deficit) 
 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Sale of Private Placement Units on May 11, 2021 

Sale of Private Placement Units on June 14, 2021 

Subsequent measurement of Class A Common Stock Subject to Redemption under ASC 480-10-S99 against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit 

Reclassification of derivative liability upon exercise of overallotment option 

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Subsequent measurement of Class A Common Stock Subject to Redemption under ASC 480-10-S99 against accumulated deficit 

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

F- 5 

B. RILEY PRINCIPAL 250 MERGER CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year 
 Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Warrant issue costs 

Unrealized gain on change in fair value of derivative liability 

Unrealized gain on change in fair value of warrants 

Increase in accrued interest receivable 

Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses 

Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Increase in income taxes payable 

Increase in due to related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds deposited in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from note payable - related party 

Repayment of note payable - related party 

Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock 

Proceeds from issuance of private placement units 

Payment of underwriting discounts 

Payment of offering expenses 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures: 

Interest paid 

Taxes paid 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Initial classification of warrant liability 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

F- 6 

B. RILEY PRINCIPAL 250 MERGER CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Public Units at an offering price of per Public
Unit in the Public Offering on May 11, 2021. B. Riley Principal 250 Sponsor Co. LLC (the Sponsor ), a Delaware limited liability
company and a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of B. Riley Financial, Inc. B. Riley Financial ), purchased an aggregate
of units at a price of per unit (the Private Placement Units in a private placement that
closed on May 11, 2021 simultaneously with the Public Offering. The sale of the Public Units in the Public Offering
generated gross proceeds of , less underwriting commissions of of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering)
and other offering costs of . The sale of the Private Placement Units generated of gross proceeds. The Company
granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the prospectus, May 7, 2021, to purchase additional Public Units. On June 14,
2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment in full and purchased an additional Public Units (the Over-Allotment
Public Units ), generating gross proceeds of , less underwriting commissions of of the gross proceeds
of the Over-Allotment Public Units. On June 14, 2021, simultaneously with consummation of the sale of the Over-Allotment Public Units,
the Company consummated a private sale of an additional Private Placement Units (the Over-Allotment Private Placement
Units to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . 

par value Class A common stock ,
and with respect to the shares underlying the Public Units, the public shares and with respect to the shares underlying
the Private Placement Units, the Private Placement Shares ), and one-third of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant
exercisable for one share of Class A common stock (the Warrants and, with respect to the Warrants underlying the Public
Units, the Public Warrants and with respect to the Warrants underlying the Private Placement Units, the Private Placement
Warrants ). One Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one whole share of Class A common stock at an initial exercise
price of per share. 

without interest to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Public
Offering. The note payable was payable on the earlier of: (i) December 31, 2021 or (ii) the date on which the Company consummated
an initial public offering of its securities. Borrowings on the note payable due to related party was on the date of the
Public Offering. On May 17, 2021, the note payable related party in the amount of was repaid using proceeds from
the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units. 

F- 7 

of proceeds were placed
in the Company s trust account at Bank of America, N.A., with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee (the
 Trust Account and are invested in permitted United States government securities within the meaning of Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, which we refer to as the Investment Company Act, having a maturity of 185
days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act that invest
only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Unless and until the Company completes the Initial Business Combination, it may pay
its expenses only from the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units held outside the Trust Account.
At December 31, 2022, there was in the Trust Account. 

of its public shares if it does not complete the Initial Business Combination by May 11, 2023; or (iii) the redemption of all of the Company s
public shares if the Company is unable to complete the Initial Business Combination by May 11, 2023 (at which such time up to of
interest shall be available to the Company to pay dissolution expenses), subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust
Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the
holders of the Company s public shares (the public stockholders ). 

of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount).
There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect an Initial Business Combination. 

. In such case, the Company
would not proceed with the redemption of its public shares and the related Initial Business Combination, and instead may search for an
alternate Initial Business Combination. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. 

F- 8 

(or
 per Class A common stock) of proceeds were placed in the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in
its operating bank account, in investments held in the Trust Account to be used for an Initial Business Combination
or to repurchase or redeem its public shares in connection therewith and working capital of , which excludes accrued interest
receivable of , income taxes payable of and Delaware franchise taxes payable of (which is included
in accounts payable and accrued expenses at December 31, 2022) as franchise taxes and income taxes are paid from the Trust Account from
interest income earned. 

F- 9 

and , respectively, in investments held in the Trust Account.
The assets held in the Trust Account were held in a mutual fund that invests in U.S. Treasury securities. 

F- 10 

shares of Class A common stock sold as part of the Public Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption
feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder
vote or tender offer in connection with the Initial Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments,
which has been codified in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the
control of the Company require shares of common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all
of the shares of Class A common stock sold in the Public Offering has been classified outside of permanent equity. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Proceeds allocated to derivative liability 

Issuance costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - December 31, 2022 

without interest to be used for a portion
of the expenses associated with the Public Offering. The notes payable was payable on the earlier of: (i) December 31, 2021
or (ii) the date on which the Company consummated an initial public offering of its securities. Borrowings on the note payable due
to related party was on the date of the Public Offering. On May 17, 2021, the note payable related party in the
amount of was repaid using proceeds from the Public Offering and the Private Placement. 

Warrants issued in connection with the Public Offering (the
 public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants). 

F- 11 

as a result of the Public Offering (consisting of underwriting commissions of 
of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering) and other offering costs of ). The Company recorded of offering
costs as a reduction of temporary equity in connection with the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units. The Company immediately
expensed of offering costs during 2021 in connection with the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants that were classified
as liabilities. 

F- 12 

excise tax on certain repurchases if stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations
and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of public traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is
imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of excise tax is generally 
of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing
corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases
during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

shares of
common stock at per share were issued in connection with the IPO and exercise of overallotment. At December 31 2022 and 2021, no
Warrants have been exercised. The potential common shares for outstanding Warrants to purchase the Company s stock were
excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because the Warrants are contingently exercisable,
and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net loss per common share is the same as basic net loss per common share
for the period. The table below presents a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used to compute basic and diluted net loss
per share for each class of common stock: 

F- 13 

Basic and diluted Net income per share, Class A common shares

Basic weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common shares 

Basic Net income per share, Class B common shares 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common shares 

Diluted Net income per share, Class B common shares 

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

F- 14 

shares of our Class B common stock were issued to B. Riley Principal Investments, LLC (the Founder
Shares ). All of the Founder Shares were contributed to the Sponsor in June 2020. Subsequently, on April 19, 2021, the
Sponsor surrendered Founder Shares to the Company for no consideration, resulting in the Sponsor owning Founder
Shares. As used herein, unless the context otherwise requires, Founder Shares shall be deemed to include the shares of Class
A common stock issuable upon conversion thereof. The Founder Shares are identical to the Class A common stock included in the Public Units
sold in the Public Offering, except that the Founder Shares automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the
Initial Business Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, and the holders of the
Founder Shares, as described in more detail below, have agreed to certain restrictions and will have certain registration rights with
respect thereto. The number of Founder Shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the Founder Shares would represent 
of the outstanding shares of common stock upon completion of the Public Offering excluding the Private Placement Shares. 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after the Initial Business Combination, or (iii) the date following the completion of the Initial Business Combination on which the Company
completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the public stockholders
having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

F- 15 

per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and
administrative support. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, it will cease paying these
monthly fees. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, amounts due to related party includes and , respectively, for
administrative fees payable to the Sponsor. The Company incurred administrative fees of and during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

without interest to be used for a portion of the expenses associated
with the Public Offering. The Note Payable was payable on the earlier of: (i) December 31, 2021 or (ii) the date on which the Company
consummated an initial public offering of its securities. On May 17, 2021, the note payable 
related party in the amount of was repaid in full using proceeds from the Public Offering and the Private Placement. 

and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively,
as more fully described above. 

of such working capital loans, in the event there are any outstanding amounts at the time of the completion of the
Initial Business Combination, may be convertible into private placement-equivalent units at a price of per unit at the option
of the lender. None of our Sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds
for working capital loans. There are no loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Liabilities: 

Public Warrants 

Private Placement Warrants 

Warrant Liability 

F- 16 

Liabilities: 

Public Warrants 

Private Placement Warrants 

Warrant Liability 

of the Company s Public
Units for per Public Unit, for 45 days commencing on May 11, 2021 (grant date). Since this option extended beyond the initial
closing of the Public Offering, this option feature represented a call option that met the definition of a derivative. Accordingly, the
call option has been separately accounted for at a fair value with the change in fair value between the grant date and June 14, 2021
(the date the overallotment was exercised) recorded as change in fair value of warrant liability. 

with corresponding decrease to additional paid in
capital to record the fair value of the call option. The fair value of the call option was on June 14, 2021 and the decrease in
such fair value of the derivative liability in the amount of is included in other income as change in fair value of derivative
liability in the statement of operations. The underwriters exercised their option to purchase the overallotment of Public Units
on June 14, 2021. 

Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 

Exercise price 

Dividend yield 
 -
 
 -

F- 17 

Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 

Exercise price 

Dividend yield 
 -

Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 

Exercise price 

Dividend yield 
 -

F- 18 

Initial derivative liability at May 11, 2021 

Transfer of public warrants to Level 1 

Value of derivative liability from overallotment exercised 

Change in fair value of derivative and warrant liability 

Warrant liability at December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Warrant liability at December 31, 2022 

of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering (exclusive of any applicable finders fees which
might become payable) since the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full). Pursuant to the terms
of the business combination marketing agreement, no fee will be due if the Company does not complete an Initial Business Combination. 

F- 19 

after the completion of an Initial Business Combination or
earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

per warrant; 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good
faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking
into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance (the Newly Issued
Price )), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest
thereon, available for funding the Initial Business Combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A common
stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the Initial Business
Combination (the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price
described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. Additionally,
in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any Warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for
the exercised Warrants, the purchaser of a Unit containing such Warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the Unit solely for
the share of Class A common stock underlying such Unit. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to
the Warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete an Initial Business Combination within the 24-month time period. 

F- 20 

Deferred: 

Federal 

Total 

Valuation allowance 

Total provision for income taxes 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

. These net operating losses were utilized to offset taxable income generated in the year ended December
31, 2022. 

and , respectively. 

Offering costs associated with warrants recorded as a
 liability 

Change in fair value of derivative liability and warrants 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

F- 21 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share and shares
of Class B common stock with a par value of . If the Company enters into an Initial Business Combination, it may (depending
on the terms of such an Initial Business Combination) be required to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock which
the Company is authorized to issue at the same time as the Company s stockholders vote on the Initial Business Combination, to the
extent the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with the Initial Business Combination. Holders of the Company s common
stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class
A common shares issued and outstanding. Of the Class A common shares, Class A common shares
issued in the Public Offering are classified as temporary equity since they are subject to possible redemption as more fully described
in Note 1 and 2. The remaining Class A common shares and Class B common shares issued and outstanding
at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are classified as permanent equity since the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors have
entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account as more fully described in Note 1. 

shares of preferred stock, par value of per share, with such designations,
voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

F- 22 

Item 9. Changes in and
Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and
procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15
and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our management carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer and concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures are not effective as of December 31, 2022 because of the identification of a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting relating to the accrual of interest income and accounting treatment for complex financial instruments. 

Management s report on internal control
over financial reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our
management and directors, and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013).
In connection with this Annual Report and based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain
effective internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 because of the identification of a material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting relating to the accrual of interest income and accounting treatment for complex financial instruments. 

51 

A material weakness,
as defined in the SEC regulations, is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In light of this material weakness, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary
to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Management has enhanced
our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of
the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our updated processes include providing enhanced access to accounting
literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we
consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can
offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

This Annual Report does
not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due our status as an emerging
growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in internal
control over financial reporting 

Other than the material
weakness and remediation efforts mentioned above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections . 

Not applicable. 

52 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Daniel Shribman 
 39 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Bryant Riley 
 56 
 Chairman 
 
 Nicholas Hammerschlag 
 36 
 Director 
 
 Samuel McBride 
 36 
 Director 
 
 Timothy Presutti 
 53 
 Director 

Daniel Shribman has
been our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer since 2020. Daniel Shribman has served as chief investment officer of B. Riley
Financial, Inc. and president of B. Riley Principal Investments since September 2019 and September 2018, respectively.
Mr. Shribman helps oversee the asset base of B. Riley Financial alongside chief executive officer Bryant Riley. This asset base
consists of several cash flow generating operating businesses in addition to cash and investments which includes bilateral loans and small
cap equity positions in both public and private markets. In virtually all investments, B. Riley Financial is involved at the board
level and active in business and capital allocation decisions. Mr. Shribman has served as a member of the board of directors of Alta
Equipment Group Inc. Alta (NYSE: ALTG) since February 2020, when it completed its business combination with
B. Riley Principal Merger Corp. BRPM I ), where Mr. Shribman was chief financial officer. Mr. Shribman
has served as a member of the board of directors of Faze Holdings (Nasdaq: FAZE) since July 2022, when it completed its business combination
with B. Riley Principal 150 Merger Corp., where Mr. Shribman was the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Shribman
has served as a member of the board of directors of The Arena Group Holdings, Inc. Arena Group (NYSEAmerican: AREN)
since June 2021, NextPoint Financial since August 2021, and AltEnergy Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: AEAE), since
October 2021. Mr. Shribman served as a member of the board of directors of Eos Energy (Nasdaq: EOSE) from November 2020,
when it completed its business combination with B. Riley Principal Merger Corp. II BRPM II until
September 2022. Mr. Shribman brings experience in both public and private equity. Mr. Shribman s experience and expertise
in the investment banking industry provides the board of directors with valuable insight into the capital markets. Mr. Shribman s
extensive experience serving on other public company boards is an important resource for the board of directors. 

Bryant R. Riley has
been our Chairman since 2020. Mr. Riley has served as B. Riley Financial s Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer since
June 2014 and July 2018 respectively, and as a director since August 2009. He also previously served as B. Riley Financial s Chief
Executive Officer from June 2014 to July 2018. In addition, Mr. Riley served as the Chairman of B. Riley Co., LLC since founding
the stock brokerage firm in 1997 until its combination with FBR Capital Markets Co., LLC in 2017 and as Chief Executive Officer
of B. Riley Co., LLC from 1997 to 2006. He also served as Chairman of B. Riley Principal Merger Corp. from April 2019
to February 2020, at which time it completed its business combination with Alta Equipment Group, Inc. (NYSE: ALTG); as Chairman
of B. Riley Principal Merger Corp. II from May 2020 to November 2020 at which time it had completed it business combination
with Eos Energy Enterprises Inc. (Nasdaq: EOSE); and as Chairman of B. Riley Principal 150 Merger Corp. from June 2020 to July 2022, at
which time it completed its business combination with FaZe Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: FAZE). Mr. Riley served as director of Select Interior Concepts, Inc. from November 2019 until October
2021. He also previously served on the board of Babcock Wilcox Enterprises, Inc. (NYSE: BW) from April 2019 to September 2020, Sonim
Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: SONM) from October 2017 to March 2019 and Franchise Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: FRG) (fka Liberty Tax, Inc.) from
September 2018 through March 2020. Mr. Riley received his B.S. in Finance from Lehigh University. Mr. Riley s experience
and expertise in the investment banking industry provides the board of directors with valuable insight into the capital markets. Mr. Riley s
extensive experience serving on other public company boards is an important resource for the board of directors. 

53 

Nicholas
Hammerschlag is a Miami-based entrepreneur and investor. He is the founder of General Innovation Capital, a holding
company that incubates, builds, and invests in deep technology businesses and investment managers. Previously, Mr.
Hammerschlag was the President and co-founder of Entangled Group from 2015 to 2020, an education-focused venture studio and consultancy, part of
which was sold to Guild Education in 2020. Entangled Group raised approximately 100 million in financing across its holding and
portfolio companies and founded five education technology companies and one education services business. Mr. Hammerschlag serves on
the board of numerous venture and private equity-backed companies such as Staircase, Inc., since January 2020, Pathstream,
Inc, since February 2018 and ReUp Education, Inc. Mr. Hammerschlag served as a director of B. Riley Principal 150 Merger Corp. until July 2022, at which time it had completed
its business combination with FaZe Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: FAZE). Mr. Hammerschlag has extensive experience in capital raising and
mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Hammerschlag was previously on the investment teams at General Atlantic and OpenView Venture
Partners, where he focused on investments in the internet, technology, and education sectors. Mr. Hammerschlag led
OpenView s investment in Instructure (NYSE: INST), among others, and served on its board as an observer.
 Additionally, Mr. Hammerschlag is a founder and trustee of the Miami-Dade Police Guardian Foundation. He graduated from
Columbia University with a degree in history. Mr. Hammerschlag is qualified to serve on the board of directors due to his extensive
experience as an investor, director and executive officer. 

Samuel McBride is
the founder and principal of COLTER VENTURES, an investor, advisor and board member for high growth consumer and tech companies and served
as the former Chief Operating Officer and Chief Sales Officer of RXBAR from 2017 to 2019. Mr. McBride served as a director of B. Riley
Principal 150 Merger Corp. until July 2022, at which time it had completed its business combination with FaZe Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: FAZE).
At RXBAR, Mr. McBride drove net sales growth from 2 million in 2014 to 220 million in 2018 leveraging e-commerce as well as traditional
retail distribution helping fuel its acquisition for 600 million by Kellogg in 2017. Mr. McBride started in finance at Wellspring Partners
in 2008, focusing on healthcare mergers and acquisitions. In 2010, he moved to LiveWatch Home Security, helping build one of the fastest-growing
and most disruptive companies in the direct-to-consumer home security space before its acquisition by Ascent Capital for 67 million in
2015. Prior to RXBAR, Mr. McBride oversaw sales and marketing for nine operating companies with a combined 180 million in annual revenue
at the Rabine Group from 2013 to 2014. Mr. McBride has been the Chief Executive Officer and Principal at McBride Capital LLC since 2017,
investing in early to mid-stage food and beverage companies and has been a member of the Board of Directors at Kettle Fire, Inc.
since 2018, MUSH since 2019 and Four Sigmatic and Minor Figures since 2020. Mr. McBride is qualified to serve on the board due to his
extensive experience as an investor, director and officer of early to mid-stage companies. 

Timothy Presutti currently
serves as managing partner and chief investment officer of Woody Creek Capital Partners LLC, a private investment firm he founded that specializes in private credit and special situation investing. Mr. Presutti has been the sole owner and managing director of
Woody Creek Capital Partners LLC since 2006, Woody Creek Capital Management LLC since 2018 and Wocap II GP, LLC since 2017. Mr. Presutti
additionally serves as senior advisor to the Bosarge Family Office based in Houston, TX. Mr. Presutti has nearly twenty-four years
of finance experience, spanning investing, portfolio management, trading and capital markets. As co-founder of Broadbill Investment
Partners, an investment management firm, Mr. Presutti oversaw all capital raising for two funds and a co-investment platform.
He was a member of the Investment Committee and is now a senior advisor, minority owner and managing director to Broadbill Investment
Partners since 2011. Mr. Presutti started his career at Bankers Trust, which was acquired by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. in 1999;
his last position there was managing director and head of High Yield trading from 2005 to 2007. Mr. Presutti served on the board
of directors of B. Riley Principal Merger Corp. from April 2019 until the completion of its business combination in February 2020. Mr. Presutti
served on the board of directors of B. Riley Principal Merger Corp. II from May 2020 until the completion of its business combination
in November 2020. Mr. Presutti served on the board of directors of B. Riley Principal 150 Merger Corp. from February 2021 until the completion
of its business combination in July 2022. Mr. Presutti is qualified to serve on the board of directors due to his extensive experience
as an investor, director and executive officer of financial services companies. 

54 

Number and Terms of
Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors
consists of five members and is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a two-year term. The term of office of the first
class of directors, consisting of Messrs. McBride and Presutti, who were elected to new terms at the annual meeting held on December 16,
2022, expire at our third annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Riley,
Shribman and Hammerschlag, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our
officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary,
Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by our board of directors. 

Director Independence 

The rules of Nasdaq require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our Public Offering. An independent director 
is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the
listed company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company).
We have three independent directors as defined in Nasdaq rules and applicable SEC rules. Our board of directors has determined
that Messrs. Hammerschlag, McBride and Presutti are independent directors as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable
SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees of the
Board of Directors 

Our board of directors
has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Both
our audit committee and our compensation committee are composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules, the rules
of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors, and the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.
Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors and have the composition and responsibilities
described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an
audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Hammerschlag, McBride, and Presutti serve as members of our audit committee, and Mr. Hammerschlag
chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the
audit committee, all of whom must be independent. All members of our audit committee are independent of and unaffiliated with our Sponsor. 

Each member of the audit
committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Hammerschlag qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

55 

We adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting board oversight
of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor s
qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; the appointment, compensation,
retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting
firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit
and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing
pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with
us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear policies
for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from
the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues
raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental
or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any
steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and
discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including
reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing and approving
any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering
into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal,
regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published
reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a
compensation committee of the board of directors. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have
a compensation committee of at least two members, all of whom must be independent. Messrs. Hammerschlag, McBride, and Presutti serve as
members of our compensation committee. Mr. McBride chairs the compensation committee. 

56 

We adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate
goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance
in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on
such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors
with respect to the compensation, and any incentive compensation and equity based plans that are subject to board approval of all of
our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation
equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement
and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments
and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included
in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate,
to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to an affiliate of our Sponsor of 3,750 per month, for up to 24 months, for
office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including
finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective
affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an Initial Business Combination. However,
we may pay B. Riley Securities, Inc., or another affiliate of our Sponsor, cash compensation for acting as placement agent for a private
placement or for services in connection with our Initial Business Combination that are in addition to the services required to be performed
pursuant to the business combination marketing agreement that are payable to B. Riley Securities, Inc., contingent on the closing of our
Initial Business Combination, in amounts consistent with market standards for comparable services. Accordingly, it is likely that prior
to the consummation of an Initial Business Combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation
of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such Initial Business Combination. 

The
charter provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work
of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other
adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and
the SEC. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

We have
established a nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors. The members of our nominating and corporate governance
are Messrs. Hammerschlag, McBride, and Presutti. Mr. Presutti serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

57 

We
adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and
corporate governance committee, including: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified
to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination
for election at the annual meeting of stockholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors and
overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing
the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company;
and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance
and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

The committee charter
provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate,
any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees
and other retention terms. 

We have not formally
established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in
identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience,
knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of
our stockholders. Prior to our Initial Business Combination, holders of our Public Shares will not have the right to recommend director
candidates for nomination to our board of directors. 

Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our officers
currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers
serving on our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We filed a copy of our Code of Ethics as an exhibit to the registration statement
for our Public Offering and as an exhibit to this Annual Report. You will be able to review this document by accessing our public filings
at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics and the charters of the committees of our board
of directors will be provided without charge upon request from us. If we make any amendments to our Code of Ethics other than technical,
administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of
Ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer principal accounting officer or controller or persons
performing similar functions requiring disclosure under applicable SEC or Nasdaq rules, we will disclose the nature of such amendment
or waiver on our website. The information included on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or in any other
report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

58 

Conflicts of Interest 

B. Riley Financial manages
several investment vehicles. Funds and separate accounts managed by B. Riley Financial or its affiliates may compete with us for business
combination opportunities. If these funds or separate accounts decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring
such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within B. Riley Financial may be suitable for both us and for a current or
future B. Riley Financial fund or separate account and may be directed to such investment vehicle rather than to us. Neither B. Riley
Financial nor members of our management team who are also employed by B. Riley Financial have any obligation to present us with any opportunity
for a potential Initial Business Combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member solely in his or her capacity
as an officer of the Company. B. Riley Financial and our management may have similar obligations to future investment vehicles or third
parties. 

We may, at our option,
pursue an Initial Business Combination jointly with one or more entities affiliated with B. Riley Financial and/or one or more investors
in funds or separate accounts managed by B. Riley Financial, which we refer to as an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. Any opportunity
with any such fund or other investment vehicle, but such parties would co-invest only if permitted by applicable regulatory and other
legal limitations and to the extent considered appropriate. Such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our
Initial Business Combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the Initial Business Combination by making a specified
future issuance to any such fund or vehicle. 

B. Riley Financial and
each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or
she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of B. Riley Financial and our
officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination. We may, at our option, pursue
an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which B. Riley Financial or an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual
obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our Initial Business Combination, or we could
raise additional proceeds to complete the Initial Business Combination by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. 

Members of our management
team do not have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential Initial Business Combination of which they become aware,
unless presented to such member solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity
is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one
we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director
or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. The determination of whether an opportunity
has been expressly offered to a director of officer solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company will made based
on express statements by the person offering the opportunity, and if a director or officer is unsure of whether an opportunity was offered
in such capacity, he or she shall seek guidance on such determination from the audit committee of our board of directors. 

In addition, our Sponsor
and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business
or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an Initial Business Combination. As a result, our Sponsor, officers and
directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other
special purpose acquisition company with which they may become involved. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional
conflicts of interest in pursuing an Initial Business Combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would
materially affect an Initial Business Combination. 

59 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers
or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating
his or her time among various business activities. 

In the course of their
other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate
for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in
determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our Sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and any Public
Shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our Initial Business Combination. Additionally, our Sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares held by them if
we fail to consummate an Initial Business Combination by May 11, 2023. If we do not an Initial Business Combination within such applicable
time period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of
our Public Shares, and the underlying securities will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares will not
be transferable, assignable by our Sponsor until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of an Initial Business Combination
or (B) subsequent to an Initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00
per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a
liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having
the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the Private
Placement Units, the Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such Private Placement
Warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion
of the another Initial Business Combination. Since our Sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock
and Warrants, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate
business with which to effectuate an Initial Business Combination. 

Our officers and directors
may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Initial Business Combination if the retention or resignation
of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our Initial Business
Combination. 

Our Sponsor, officers
or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating an Initial Business Combination and financing arrangements as
we may obtain loans from our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs
in connection with an intended Initial Business Combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into private
placement-equivalent units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the Private Placement
Units, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period of the underlying warrants. 

The conflicts described
above may not be resolved in our favor. 

In general, officers
and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to
a corporation if: 

the corporation could
financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is
within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair
to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

60 

Accordingly, as a result
of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities
meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer
that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Below is a table summarizing
the entities to which our officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

INDIVIDUAL 
 ENTITY 
 ENTITY S BUSINESS 
 AFFILIATION 
 
 Daniel Shribman 
 B. Riley Principal Investments, LLC 
 Financial Services 
 President 

B. Riley Financial, Inc. 
 Financial Services 
 Chief Investment Officer 

Alta Equipment Group Inc. 
 Industrial Rental Leasing Services 
 Director 

The Arena Group Holdings, Inc. 
 Media and Publishing 
 Director 

NextPoint Financial Inc, 
 Financial Services 
 Director 

AltEnergy Acquisition Corp. 
 Blank-check Company 
 Director 

FaZe Holdings Inc. 
 Lifestyle and Media 
 Director 

Bryant Riley 
 B. Riley Financial, Inc. 
 Financial Services 
 Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Nicholas Hammerschlag 
 General Innovation Capital 
 Holding Company 
 Founder 

Staircase, Inc. 
 Financial Technology 
 Director 

Pathstream, Inc. 
 Education 
 Director 

ReUp Education, Inc. 
 Education 
 Director 

Samuel McBride 
 McBride Capital LLC 
 Financial Services 
 Chief Executive Officer and Principal 

Kettle Fire, Inc. 
 Food and Beverage 
 Director 

MUSH 
 Food and Beverage 
 Director 

Colter Ventures 
 Financial Services 
 Founder and Principal 

Timothy Presutti 
 Woody Creek Capital Partners LLC 
 Financial Services 
 Sole Owner/Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer 

Woody Creek Capital Management LLC 
 Financial Services 
 Sole Owner/Managing Director 

Wocap II GP, LLC 
 Financial Services 
 Sole Owner/Managing Director 

61 

Accordingly, if any of
the above executive officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities
to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. 

We are not prohibited
from pursuing an Initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event
we seek to complete our Initial Business Combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or from a valuation or appraisal firm that regularly prepares fairness opinions,
that such an Initial Business Combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. 

In the event that we
submit our Initial Business Combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the letter agreement, our Sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed to vote any Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares held by them and any Public Shares purchased (including
in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our Initial Business Combination. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware
law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors,
unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law,
authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from
their actions as directors. 

We have entered into
agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or
employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We
purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost
of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers
and directors. 

These provisions may
discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have
the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful,
might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent
we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these
provisions, the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain
talented and experienced officers and directors. 

62 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

None of our executive
officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We pay our Sponsor 3,750 per month for office
space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team. Our Sponsor, executive officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on
our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Initial Business Combinations. Our
audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their
affiliates. Any such payments prior to an Initial Business Combination will be made from funds held outside the Trust Account. 

The members of our management
team and our directors, together with certain officers of companies affiliated with B. Riley Financial who assist us in sourcing potential
acquisition targets, have also invested in our Sponsor by subscribing units issued by the Sponsor. These officers and directors will not
receive any cash compensation from us prior to the Initial Business Combination but through their Sponsor investment will be eligible
to share in a portion of any appreciation in Founder Shares and Private Placement Units, provided that we successfully complete an Initial
Business Combination. We believe that this structure aligns the incentives of these officers and directors with the interests of our stockholders.
However, investors should be aware that, as these officers and directors have paid approximately 0.0058 per share for the interest in
the Founder Shares, this structure also creates an incentive whereby our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit
even if we complete an Initial Business Combination with a target that ultimately declines in value and is not profitable for public investors. 

After the completion
of our Initial Business Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management
fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials or tender offer documents furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed Initial Business Combination. We have
not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed Initial Business Combination, because the directors
of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to
our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take
any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our Initial Business
Combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements
to remain with us after our Initial Business Combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to
retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do
not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our Initial Business Combination will be a
determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential Initial Business Combination. We are not party to any agreements with
our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

We have no compensation
plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 12, 2023, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more
than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers, directors and director nominees
that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and 

all our executive officers, directors and director nominees
as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them.
The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Warrants as they are not exercisable within 60 days of the
date of this Annual Report. 

In connection with our initial formation in June 2020,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of B. Riley Financial (which is the parent of our Sponsor) was issued 7,187,500 Founder Shares for an aggregate
of 25,000, to cover certain of our offering and formation costs. All Founder Shares were contributed to our Sponsor in June 2020, resulting
in our Sponsor directly and B. Riley Financial indirectly owning all then-outstanding Founder Shares. Subsequently, on April 19,
2021, our Sponsor surrendered 2,875,000 Founder Shares to us for no consideration, resulting in our Sponsor owning 4,312,500 Founder Shares
and increasing the approximate price paid per Founder Share to 0.0058. Our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 600,000 Private Placement
Units at a price of 10.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of 6,000,000. 

63 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of 
Shares of 
Class A 
Common 
Stock 
Beneficially 
Owned 
 Approximate 
Percentage 
of 
Outstanding 
Shares of 
Class A 
Common 
Stock 
 Number of 
Shares of 
Class B 
Common 
Stock 
Beneficially 
Owned 
 Approximate 
Percentage 
of 
Outstanding 
Shares of 
Class B 
Common 
Stock 
 Approximate 
Percentage 
of 
Outstanding 
Shares of 
Common 
Stock 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors 

Daniel Shribman (3) 

Bryant Riley (2) 
 600,000 
 3.4 
 4,312,500 
 100 
 22.2 
 
 Nick Hammerschlag (3) 

Samuel McBride (3) 

Timothy Presutti (3) 

All officers and directors as a group (five individuals) 

Holders of more than 5 of outstanding shares of common stock 

B. Riley Principal 250 Sponsor Co., LLC (2) 
 600,000 
 3.4 
 4,312,500 
 100.0 
 22.2 
 
 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (4) 

Shaolin Capital Management LLC (5) 
 1,271,233 
 7.1 

5.7 
 
 Sculptor Capital Entities (6) 
 1,262,125 
 7.1 

5.7 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o B. Riley Principal 250 Merger Corp., 299 Park Avenue, 21 st Floor, New York, New York, 10171. 

(2) 
 Includes 4,312,500 Founder Shares and 600,000 shares of Class A common stock held directly by B. Riley Principal 250 Sponsor Co., LLC. B. Riley Principal Investments, LLC is the managing member of our Sponsor and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of B. Riley Financial. B. Riley Principal Investments, LLC, B. Riley Financial and Mr. Riley may be deemed to share voting and dispositive control over the shares held by B. Riley Principal 250 Sponsor Co., LLC and B. Riley Principal Investments, LLC. B. Riley Financial and Mr. Riley disclaim beneficial ownership over such securities except to the extent of its or his pecuniary interest therein. 

(3) 
 This individual is a member of our Sponsor but does not have voting
or dispositive control over the shares held by our Sponsor. The members of the Company s management team and our directors, together
with certain officers of companies affiliated with B. Riley Financial, have invested in the Sponsor by subscribing for units issued by
the Sponsor. 

(4) 
 According to a Schedule 13G/A filed by Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Boaz R. Weinstein and Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, on February 14, 2023. The address of the business office of each is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

(5) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed by Shaolin Capital Management LLC on February 11, 2022, Shaolin Capital Management LLC, a company incorporated under the laws of State of Delaware, serves as the investment advisor to Shaolin Capital Partners Master Fund, Ltd. a Cayman Islands exempted company, MAP 214 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC, and DS Liquid DIV RVA SCM LLC being managed accounts advised by the Shaolin Capital Management LLC which own the reported interests. The address of the business office of Shaolin Capital Management LLC is 7610 NE 4th Court, Suite 104 Miami FL 33138. 

(6) 
 According to a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023, Sculptor Capital LP Sculptor ), a Delaware limited partnership, is the principal investment manager to a number of private funds and discretionary accounts (collectively, the Accounts ). Sculptor Capital II LP Sculptor-II ), a Delaware limited partnership that is wholly owned by Sculptor, also serves as the investment manager to certain of the Accounts. The interests reported herein are held in the Accounts managed by Sculptor and Sculptor-II. Sculptor Capital Holding Corporation SCHC ), a Delaware corporation, serves as the general partner of Sculptor. Sculptor Capital Holding II LLC SCHC-II ), a Delaware limited liability company that is wholly owned by Sculptor, serves as the general partner of Sculptor-II. Sculptor Capital Management, Inc. SCU ), a Delaware limited liability company, is a holding company that is the sole shareholder of SCHC and the ultimate parent company of Sculptor and Sculptor-II. Sculptor Master Fund, Ltd. SCMF is a Cayman Islands company. Sculptor is the investment adviser to SCMF. Sculptor Special Funding, LP NRMD is a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership that is wholly owned by SCMF. Sculptor Credit Opportunities Master Fund, Ltd. SCCO is a Cayman Islands company. Sculptor is the investment adviser to SCCO. Sculptor SC II LP NJGC is a Delaware limited partnership. Sculptor-II is the investment adviser to NJGC. Sculptor and Sculptor-II serve as the principal investment managers to the Accounts and thus may be deemed beneficial owners of the Class A common stock in the Accounts managed by Sculptor and Sculptor-II. SCHC-II serves as the sole general partner of Sculptor-II and is wholly owned by Sculptor. SCHC serves as the sole general partner of Sculptor. As such, SCHC and SCHC-II may be deemed to control Sculptor as well as Sculptor-II and, therefore, may be deemed to be the beneficial owners of the Class A common stock reported herein. SCU is the sole shareholder of SCHC and may be deemed a beneficial owner of the Class A common stock reported herein. The address of the principal business offices of Sculptor, Sculptor-II, SCHC, SCHC-II, and SCU is 9 West 57 Street, 39 Floor, New York, NY 10019. The address of the registered offices of SCMF and SCCO is c/o State Street (Cayman) Trust, Limited, 1 Nexus Way - Suite #5203, PO Box 896, Helicona Courtyard, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KY1-1103, Cayman. The address of the registered office of NRMD is c/o MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. The address of the registered office of NJGC is c/o The Corporation Trust Company 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801. 

64 

Our Sponsor beneficially
owns Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares representing 22.2 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. Because
of this ownership block, our Sponsor may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our stockholders,
including the election of directors, amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate
transactions, including approval of an Initial Business Combination. However, if certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation are proposed in connection with an Initial Business Combination, we may also require the approval of the holders of Public
Shares voting as a separate class. 

Our Sponsor, officers
and directors agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any Initial Business Combination and (B) not to redeem any shares
in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an Initial Business Combination or in connection with a tender offer. 

Our Sponsor and our executive
officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares
and Private Placement Units 

The Founder Shares, Private
Placement Units, Private Placement Shares, Private Placement Warrants and any shares of Class A common stock issued upon conversion or
exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in a letter agreement with us entered into by
our Sponsor, officers and directors. Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable (i) in the
case of the Founder Shares, until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our Initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent
to our Initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day
period commencing at least 150 days after our Initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange
their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) in the case of the Private Placement Units, the Private
Placement Shares, the Private Placement Warrants and any shares of Class A common stock issued upon conversion or exercise thereof until
30 days after the completion of our Initial Business Combination, except in each case (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates
or family members of any of our officers or directors, any members of our Sponsor, or any affiliates of our Sponsor, (b) in the case of
an individual, by gift to a member of one of the members of the individual s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of
which is a member of one of the individual s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c)
in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual,
pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with any arrangement or in connection
with the consummation of an Initial Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased;
(f) in the event of our liquidation prior to the completion of our Initial Business Combination; (g) by virtue of the laws of Delaware
or our Sponsor s limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of our Sponsor; or (h) in the event of our liquidation, merger,
capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange
their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property subsequent to our completion of our Initial Business Combination;
provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (e) or (g) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement
agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreements and by the same agreements
entered into by our Sponsor with respect to such securities (including provisions relating to voting, the Trust Account and liquidation
distributions). 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Founder
Shares, Private Placement Units, Private Placement Shares, Private Placement Warrants, shares of Class A common stock underlying the Private
Placement Warrants, and securities that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans have registration rights to require us
to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders are entitled to make
up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In
addition, these holders will have piggy-back registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements
filed by us. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
our Sponsor may not exercise its demand and piggyback registration rights after five and seven years, respectively, after
the effective date of the registration statement relating to the Public Offering and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one
occasion. 

65 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

Founder Shares
and Private Placement Units 

In connection with our
initial formation in June 2020, a wholly-owned subsidiary of B. Riley Financial (which is the parent of our Sponsor) was issued
7,187,500 Founder Shares for an aggregate of 25,000, to cover certain of our offering and formation costs. All Founder Shares were contributed
to our Sponsor in June 2020, resulting in our Sponsor directly and B. Riley Financial indirectly owning all then-outstanding Founder Shares.
Subsequently, on April 19, 2021, our Sponsor surrendered 2,875,000 Founder Shares to us for no consideration, resulting in our Sponsor
owning 4,312,500 founder shares and increasing the approximate price paid per Founder Share to 0.0058. The number of Founder Shares outstanding
was determined based on the expectation that the Founder Shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after the Public Offering
excluding the Private Placement Shares underlying the Private Placement Units. Up to 562,500 Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture
by our Sponsor to the extent the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full. As the underwriters 
over-allotment option was exercised in full, no Founder Shares were forfeited. The Founder Shares (including the Class A common stock
issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 

Our Sponsor purchased
an aggregate of 600,000 Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of 6,000,000. The Private
Placement Units are identical to the Public Units sold in the Public Offering except that the underlying Private Placement Warrants, so
long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) will not be redeemable by us, (ii) may not (including
the Private Placement Shares, Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof), subject
to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of our Initial
Business Combination, and pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 could not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the
subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities
by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales in the Public Offering, except to any underwriter
or selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners, associated persons or affiliates provided that
all securities so transferred remain subject to the lockup restriction above for the remainder of the time period, (iii) may be exercised
by the holders on a cashless basis, (iv) are entitled to registration rights and (v) for so long as they are held by our Sponsor,
will not be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of sales in the Public Offering in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A).
The Private Placement Units (including the Private Placement Shares, Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common
stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 

The members of our management
team and our directors, together with certain officers of companies affiliated with B. Riley Financial who assist us in sourcing potential
acquisition targets, have also invested in our Sponsor by subscribing for units issued by the Sponsor. Through their investment in our
Sponsor, these officers and directors will share in a portion of any appreciation in Founder Shares and Private Placement Units, provided
that we successfully complete an Initial Business Combination. 

Affiliated Joint Acquisitions 

As more fully discussed
in the section of this Annual Report entitled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of
Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an Initial Business Combination opportunity that falls within the
line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his
or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity. Our officers and directors
currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. We may, at
our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which B. Riley Financial or an officer or director has
a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our Initial Business
Combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the Initial Business Combination by making a specified future issuance
to any such entity. 

Administrative Support
Agreement 

Commencing on the date
that our securities were first listed on Nasdaq in May 2021, we have agreed to pay an affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 3,750 per month
for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our Initial Business Combination or our liquidation,
we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

66 

Business Combination
Marketing Agreement 

We have engaged B. Riley
Securities, Inc. as advisors in connection with efforts to identify and consummate an Initial Business Combination to assist us in arranging
meetings with stockholders to discuss the potential Initial Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce
us to potential investors that may be interested in purchasing our securities, assist us in obtaining stockholder approval for our Initial
Business Combination and assist us with the preparation of our press releases and public filings in connection with the Initial Business
Combination. We will pay B. Riley Securities, Inc. for such services upon the consummation of the Initial Business Combination a cash
fee in an amount equal to 6,037,500 (exclusive of any applicable finders fees which might become payable). Pursuant to the terms
of the business combination marketing agreement, no fee will be due if we do not complete an Initial Business Combination. 

We may pay B. Riley Securities,
Inc., or another affiliate of our Sponsor, cash compensation for acting as placement agent for a private placement or for services in
connection with our Initial Business Combination that are in addition to the services required to be performed pursuant to the business
combination marketing agreement that are payable to B. Riley Securities, Inc., contingent on the closing of our Initial Business Combination,
in amounts consistent with market standards for comparable services. 

Payments to Sponsor,
Officers, and Directors; Reimbursement of Expenses 

Other than the foregoing,
no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a
loan, will be paid by us to our Sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our Sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an Initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and
determines which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. As disclosed in the prospectus for our Public Offering, the members
of our management team and our directors, together with certain officers of companies affiliated with B. Riley Financial who have assisted
us in sourcing potential acquisition targets, have also invested in the Sponsor by subscribing for units issued by the Sponsor. Through
their investment in the Sponsor, these officers and directors will share in a portion of any appreciation in Founder Shares and Private
Placement Units, provided that we successfully complete an Initial Business Combination. 

After our Initial Business
Combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

Pre-Public Offering
Loan and Working Capital Loans 

Prior to the closing
of the Public Offering, our Sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Public Offering.
These loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and were due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of the Public
Offering. The loan was repaid upon the closing of the Public Offering out of offering proceeds that were allocated to the payment of offering
expenses (other than underwriting commissions). 

In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended Initial Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or
certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an Initial Business
Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the Initial Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion
of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used
for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent units at
a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the Private Placement Units, including as to
exercise price, exercisability and exercise period of the underlying warrants. The terms of such working capital loans by our Sponsor
or its affiliates, or our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such
loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties
will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. 

67 

Registration
Rights Agreement 

The holders of the Founder
Shares, Private Placement Units, Private Placement Shares, Private Placement Warrants, shares of Class A common stock underlying the Private
Placement Warrants, and securities that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans will have registration rights to require
us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the
effective date of the offering. These holders will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands,
that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have piggy-back registration
rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
our Sponsor may not exercise its demand and piggyback registration rights after five and seven years, respectively, after
the effective date of the registration statement relating to the Public Offering and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one
occasion. 

Underwriter 

B. Riley Securities,
Inc. acted as book-running manager of the Public Offering and as representative of the underwriters. 

Director Independence 

The rules of Nasdaq require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our Public Offering. A director is not independent unless
the board of directors affirmatively determines that he or she does not have a direct or indirect material relationship with the Company
or any of its subsidiaries. Our board of directors has affirmatively determined that Messrs. Hammerschlag, McBride and Presutti qualify
as independent directors in accordance with the listing requirements of Nasdaq. Our board of directors has also determined that Mr. Hammerschlag,
Mr. McBride and Mr. Presutti are independent for purposes of Section 10A(m)(3) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10A-3 thereunder
and that Mr. Hammerschlag, Mr. McBride and Mr. Presutti are independent for purposes of Section 10C(a)(3) of the Exchange
Act and Rule 10C-1 thereunder. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees. Audit
fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are
normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered
for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Annual Report and other required
filings with the SEC totaled 81,350 and 108,665 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The above amount
includes interim procedures, audit fees, and consent issued for registration statements and comfort letters. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related
services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of
our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required
by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations
concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees. We
did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All Other Fees . We
did not pay Marcum for other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Policy on Board Pre-Approval
of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors 

Our audit committee was formed upon the pricing
of the Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered
prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and
on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed
for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in
the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

68 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K: 

1. Financial Statements: See Index to Financial Statements 
in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. 

(b) Financial Statement Schedules. All schedules are omitted
for the reason that the information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto or that they are not required or are
not applicable. 

(c) Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to
exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated May 7, 2021, by and between the Company and B. Riley Securities, Inc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40389) filed with the SEC on May 12, 2021). 

3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40389) filed with the SEC on May 18, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253464) filed with the SEC on April 20, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253464) filed with the SEC on April 20, 2021). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253464) filed with the SEC on April 20, 2021). 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253464) filed with the SEC on April 20, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated May 7, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40389) filed with the SEC on May 12, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities. 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated May 7, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and B. Riley Principal 250 Sponsor Co., LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40389) filed with the SEC on May 12, 2021). 

69 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated May 7, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40389) filed with the SEC on May 12, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 7, 2021, by and between the Company, B. Riley Principal 250 Sponsor Co., LLC and the Company s independent directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40389) filed with the SEC on May 12, 2021). 

10.4 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated May 7, 2021, by and between the Company and B. Riley Principal 250 Sponsor Co., LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40389) filed with the SEC on May 12, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated May 7, 2021, by and among the Company and B. Riley Corporate Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40389) filed with the SEC on May 12, 2021). 

10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253464) filed with the SEC on April 20, 2021). 

10.7 
 
 Promissory Note, dated June 22, 2020, issued to Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253464) filed with the SEC on April 20, 2021). 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253464) filed with the SEC on April 20, 2021). 

24 
 
 Power of Attorney (included in signature page) 

31.1 
 
 Certificate of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 

31.2 
 
 Certificate of the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 

99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253464) filed with the SEC on April 20, 2021). 

99.2 
 
 Nominating and Corp Governance Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253464) filed with the SEC on April 20, 2021). 

99.3 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253464) filed with the SEC on April 20, 2021). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) information is
furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise
is not subject to liability under these sections. 

70 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

B. RILEY PRINCIPAL 250 MERGER CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel Shribman 

Name: 
 Daniel Shribman 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer, 
Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Dated: April 14, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each
person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Daniel Shribman and Bryant Riley and each or any one of them, his true and
lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any
and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto,
and other documents in connection therewith, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact
and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that
said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Daniel Shribman 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Daniel Shribman 
 
 Officer and Director 

/s/ Bryant Riley 
 
 Chairman 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Bryant Riley 

/s/ Nicholas Hammerschlag 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Nicholas Hammerschlag 

/s/ Samuel McBride 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Samuel McBride 

/s/ Timothy Presutti 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Timothy Presutti 

71 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_brileyprin250.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

EXHIBIT
4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock,
 0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred
stock, 0.0001 par value. 

As of April 12, 2023, B. Riley Principal
250 Merger Corp. has three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ): (1) our Public Units; (2) our Public Shares; and (3) our Public Warrants. 

The following description of our Public Units,
Public Shares, and Public Warrants is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by
reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit
to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.5 is a part. We encourage you to read our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, our bylaws and the applicable provisions of Delaware General Corporations Law (Title 8, Chapter 1 of the Delaware Code)
(the DGCL ). 

Terms not otherwise defined herein shall have
the meaning assigned to them in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.5 is a part. 

Units 

Public Units 

Each Public Unit consists of one whole Public
Share and one-third of one redeemable Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our
Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise
its warrants only for a whole number of the Company s shares of Class A common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised
at any given time by a warrant holder. For example, if a warrant holder holds one-third of one Public Warrant to purchase a share of Class
A common stock, such fractional Public Warrant will not be exercisable. If a warrant holder holds three-thirds of one Public Warrant,
such whole Public Warrant will be exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. The shares of Class
A common stock and Public Warrants comprising the Public Units commenced separate trading on June 28, 2021. Since that date, holders have
the option to continue to hold Public Units or separate their Public Units into the component securities. Holders need to have their brokers
contact our transfer agent in order to separate the Public Units into Public Shares and Public Warrants. No fractional Public Warrants
are issued upon separation of the Public Units and only whole Public Warrants trade. Accordingly, unless you hold at least three Public
Units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole Public Warrant. 

Private Placement Units 

The Private Placement Units (including the Private
Placement Shares, the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement
Warrants) are identical to the Public Units (and underlying components), except: 

(i) The Private Placement Units (including the Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement Warrants and
the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable
or salable until 30 days after the completion of our Initial Business Combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to our
officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our Sponsor); 

(ii) The Private Placement Warrants will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by members of the
Sponsor or its permitted transferees; 

(iii) The Private Placement Warrants may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis; and 

(iv) The Private Placement Units (including the Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement Warrants and
the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement Warrants) will be entitled to registration rights. 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended Initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible
into private placement-equivalent units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical
to the Private Placement Units, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period of the underlying warrants. The terms
of such working capital loans by the Sponsor or its affiliates, or our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no
written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

Holders of our Private Placement
Units (including the Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon
exercise of such Private Placement Warrants) are entitled to certain registration rights. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Sponsor may
not exercise its demand and piggyback registration rights after five and seven years, respectively, after the commencement
of sales in our Public Offering and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion. 

Common Stock 

As of April 12, 2023,
4,312,500 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 17,850,000 shares of Class A common stock, par
value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding, consisting of: 

17,250,000 shares of Class A common stock underlying
the Public Units; 

4,312,500 shares of Class B common stock held by
the Sponsor; and 

600,000 shares of Class A common stock underlying
the Private Placement Units. 

Common stockholders of record
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class A common stock and
holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders,
except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable
provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted
is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors is divided into two classes, each of which
generally serves for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with
respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors
can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors
out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter
into an Initial Business Combination, we may (depending on the terms of such an Initial Business Combination) be required to increase
the number of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the Initial
Business Combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our Initial Business Combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements, we were required to hold an annual meeting no later than one year after our first full fiscal year end following
our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes
of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. Accordingly,
on December 16, 2022, we held an annual meeting at which stockholders elected Samuel McBride and Timothy Presutti to continue to serve
on our board of directors. We may not hold another annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of
our Initial Business Combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual
meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold another annual meeting prior to the consummation of our Initial Business Combination,
they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c)
of the DGCL. 

2 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of our Initial Business Combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days
prior to the consummation of our Initial Business Combination including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not
previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, subject to the
limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account is anticipated to be approximately 10.00 per Public Share. Our Sponsor,
officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to any Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of our
Initial Business Combination. We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public
Shares upon the completion of our Initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve
the Initial Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our Initial
Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Initial Business Combination.
A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Company
representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting.
If we conduct redemptions by means of a tender offer, the tender offer documents will contain substantially the same financial and other
information about the Initial Business Combination and the redemption rights as required under the SEC s proxy rules. 

If we seek stockholder approval,
the participation of the Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any,
could result in the approval of our Initial Business Combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their
intention to vote, against such Initial Business Combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares
of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our Initial Business Combination once a quorum is obtained.
If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our Initial Business Combination, pursuant to the letter agreement the Sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed to vote their Founder Shares, the Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares purchased by them in favor
of our Initial Business Combination. As a result, in addition to the Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares, we would need only 6,168,751,
or 35.8 of the 17,250,000 Public Shares to be voted in favor of an Initial Business Combination (assuming all outstanding shares are
voted) in order to have our Initial Business Combination approved. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its Public
Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction (subject to the limitation described in the preceding
paragraph). Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our Initial Business Combination, the agreement by our Sponsor, officers and
directors to vote in favor of our Initial Business Combination means that we will be more likely to receive the requisite stockholder
approval for such Initial Business Combination. However, if certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
are proposed in connection with an Initial Business Combination, we may also require the approval of the holders of Public Shares voting
as a separate class. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our Initial Business Combination. These
quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of the Sponsor and our officers and directors, may make it more likely that we
will consummate our Initial Business Combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our Initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Initial Business Combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its Public Shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 
of the Public Shares, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to
vote all of their Public Shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our Initial Business Combination. Our public stockholders 
inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination, and such
public stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally,
such public stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the Initial Business
Combination. And, as a result, such public stockholders will continue to hold that number of Public Shares exceeding 20 and, in order
to dispose such Public Shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

3 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our Initial Business Combination by May 11, 2023, we will (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter
subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then
outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the
right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject
in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The
Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares or Private Placement Shares held by them if we
fail to complete our Initial Business Combination by May 11, 2023. However, if our Sponsor, officers or directors hold or acquire Public
Shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if we fail to complete
our Initial Business Combination within the prescribed time period. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company after an Initial Business Combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all
assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock,
if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking
fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their
Public Shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, upon the completion
of our Initial Business Combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares 

The Founder Shares are identical
to the Public Shares included in the Public Units, and holders of Founder Shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders,
except that (i) the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) the
Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their
redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares held by them in connection with the
completion of our Initial Business Combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Private
Placement Shares and Public Shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our Initial
Business Combination by May 11, 2023 and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to any Founder Shares or Private Placement Shares held by them if we fail to complete our Initial Business Combination by May 11, 2023,
although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if we fail
to complete our Initial Business Combination by such deadline, (iii) the Founder Shares are shares of our Class B common stock
that will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our Initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis,
subject to adjustment as described herein, and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our Initial Business Combination
to our public stockholders for a vote, the Sponsor, and our officers and directors have agreed pursuant to the letter agreement to vote
any Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares held by them in favor of our Initial Business Combination. 

4 

The shares of Class B
common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our Initial Business Combination on a
one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), and
subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities,
are issued or deemed issued in connection with our Initial Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock
shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares
of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis,
20 of the total number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions
of Public Shares by public stockholders), including all shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon
conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued by the Company in connection with or in
relation to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination (excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities
exercisable for or convertible into Class A common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Initial Business Combination
and any private placement equivalent-units issued to the Sponsor upon conversion of working capital loans, provided that such conversion
of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis). We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the
holders of our Founder Shares at the time of any future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. They may
waive such adjustment due to (but not limited to) the following: (i) closing conditions which are part of the agreement for our Initial
Business Combination; (ii) negotiation with public stockholders on structuring an Initial Business Combination; or (iii) negotiation
with parties providing financing which would trigger the anti-dilution provisions of the Founder Shares. If such adjustment is not
waived, the issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Founder Shares, but would reduce the percentage ownership
of holders of our Class A common stock. If such adjustment is waived, the issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders
of both classes of our common stock. The term equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities that
are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock issues in a financing transaction in connection with
our Initial Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. Securities could be deemed
issued for purposes of the conversion rate adjustment if such shares are issuable upon the conversion or exercise of convertible
securities, warrants or similar securities. 

With certain limited exceptions,
the Founder Shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated
with the Sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion
of our Initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to our Initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of our
Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our Initial Business
Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar
transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or
other property. 

Preferred Stock 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors
is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special
rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is
able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power
and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to
issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us
or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend
to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

5 

Warrants 

Public Warrants 

Each whole Public Warrant entitles
the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as
discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of our Initial Business Combination. Pursuant to the warrant
agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its Warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. No fractional Public
Warrant will be issued upon separation of the Public Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you hold at
least three Public Units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole Public Warrant. The Warrants will expire five years after the
completion of our Initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We will not be obligated to
deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such
Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock
underlying the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations
described below with respect to registration. No Public Warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A
common stock upon exercise of a Public Warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such Public Warrant exercise has been registered,
qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of such Public Warrants.
In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a Public Warrant, the holder
of such Public Warrant will not be entitled to exercise such Public Warrant and such Public Warrant may have no value and expire worthless.
In no event will we be required to net cash settle any Public Warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for
the exercised Public Warrants, the purchaser of a Public Unit containing such Public Warrant will have paid the full purchase price for
the Public Unit solely for the Public Share underlying such Public Unit. 

We registered the shares of
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants in the registration statement for our Public Offering because the Warrants
will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of our Initial Business Combination, which may be within one year of our Public Offering.
However, because the Warrants will be exercisable through their expiration date of up to five years after the completion of our Initial
Business Combination, in order to comply with the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act following the consummation of
our Initial Business Combination, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event
later than 15 business days after the closing of our Initial Business Combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a
post-effective amendment to the registration statement for our Public Offering or a new registration statement for the registration under
the Securities Act of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and thereafter will use our best efforts
to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our Initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus
relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, until the expiration of the Warrants in accordance with the
provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which
represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained
or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of
the Public Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their Public Warrants
on a cashless basis. However, no Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any
shares to holders seeking to exercise their Warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified
under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above,
if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that
it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require
holders of Public Warrants who exercise their Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and
in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the
extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any Warrant, or issue securities or other compensation
in exchange for the Warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the Warrants under applicable
state securities laws and there is no exemption available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the Warrants is not so registered
or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such Warrant will not be entitled to exercise such Warrant and
such Warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their Public Warrants as part of a purchase of
Public Units will have paid the full Public Unit purchase price solely for the Public Shares included in the Public Units. If and when
the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise
of the Public Warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect
such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky
laws of the state of residence in those states in which the Warrants were offered by us in the Public Offering. However, there may be
instances in which holders of our Public Warrants may be unable to exercise such Public Warrants but holders of our Private Placement
Warrants may be able to exercise such Private Placement Warrants. 

6 

Once the Public Warrants become
exercisable, we may call the Public Warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per Public Warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice
of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A
common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption
to the warrant holders. 

If and when the Public Warrants
become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the Public
Warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration
or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state
of residence in those states in which the Public Warrants were offered by us in the Public Offering. 

We have established the last
of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium
to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the Public Warrants, each
warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its Public Warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A
common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If we call the Public Warrants
for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its Public Warrant
to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless
basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of Warrants that are outstanding and the
dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of
our Warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of Public Warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering
their Public Warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the
product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair
market value (defined below) of the Class A common stock over the exercise price of the Public Warrants by (y) the fair
market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for
the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Public
Warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate
the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received upon exercise of the Public Warrants, including the fair market
value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen
the dilutive effect of a Public Warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from
the exercise of the Public Warrants after our Initial Business Combination. If we call our Public Warrants for redemption and our management
does not take advantage of this option, the Sponsor and its permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their Private Placement
Warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to
use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. 

7 

A holder of a Warrant may notify
us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such Warrant,
to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s
actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A
common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If the number of outstanding
shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of
shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar
event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant will be increased in proportion to such
increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders
to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number
of shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold
in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable
for Class A common stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock
paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities
convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common stock, there will
be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion
and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading
day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Class A common stock trade on the applicable
exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any
time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the
holders of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into
which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Public Shares in connection with a proposed Initial Business Combination, (d) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Public Shares in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our Initial
Business Combination by May 11, 2023 or (e) in connection with the redemption of our Public Shares upon our failure to complete our
Initial Business Combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such
event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common
stock in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding
shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares
of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split,
reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant will be decreased
in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

Whenever the number of shares
of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price
will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of
which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants immediately prior to such
adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately
thereafter. 

In addition, if (x) we
issue additional shares of Class A common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A
common stock for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the Initial Business Combination, at an issue price or effective
issue price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined
in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account
any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance (the Newly Issued Price )),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon,
available for funding the Initial Business Combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A common
stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the Initial Business
Combination (the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the Warrants will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption
trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

8 

In case of any reclassification
or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the
par value of such shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation
(other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization
of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of
the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders
of the Warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in
the Warrants and in lieu of the shares of our Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise
of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable
upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the
holder of the Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their Warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 
of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A
common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market,
or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the Warrant properly exercises
the Warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified
in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the Warrant. The purpose of such
exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the Warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the
exercise period of the Warrants pursuant to which the holders of the Warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the
Warrants in order to determine and realize the option value component of the Warrant. This formula is to compensate the warrant holder
for the loss of the option value portion of the Warrant due to the requirement that the warrant holder exercise the Warrant within 30 days
of the event. The Black-Scholes model is an accepted pricing model for estimating fair market value where no quoted market price
for an instrument is available. 

The Warrants have been issued
in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. You
should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report, for a complete description of the terms
and conditions applicable to the Warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent
of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, and that all other modifications or amendments will require the
vote or written consent of the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment
to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants, a majority of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. 

The Warrants may be exercised
upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form
on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price
(or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of Warrants being exercised.
The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting rights until they exercise
their Warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise
of the Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

No fractional shares will be
issued upon exercise of the Warrants. If, upon exercise of the Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in
a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant
holder. 

9 

We have agreed that, subject
to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought
and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York,
and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim.
See Risk Factors Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings
that may be initiated by holders of our Warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum
for disputes with our Company. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the
Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Private Placement Warrants 

The Private Placement Warrants
(including the shares issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement Warrants) are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the
Private Placement Warrants, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) will not be redeemable by us,
(ii) may not (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants), subject to certain
limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of our Initial Business Combination,
(iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis, (iv) will be entitled to registration rights and (v) for so
long as they are held by the Sponsor, will not be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of sales in our Public Offering
in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A). 

If holders of the Private Placement
Warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their Private Placement Warrants
for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of
shares of Class A common stock underlying the Private Placement Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value 
(defined below) of the Class A common stock over the exercise price of the Private Placement Warrants by (y) the fair market
value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10
trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The
reason that we have agreed that the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the
Sponsor or its permitted transferees is because it was not known at the time of the Public Offering whether they will be affiliated with
us following an Initial Business Combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market
will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific
periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our
securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could sell
the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants freely in the open market, the insiders could be
significantly restricted from doing so. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on
a cashless basis is appropriate. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends
on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an Initial Business Combination. The payment
of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions
subsequent to completion of an Initial Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an Initial Business Combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends
may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our
common stock and warrant agent for our Warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors,
officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity,
except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

10 

Certain
Provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Exclusive Forum for Certain Lawsuits 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action
or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer
or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees
arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action
asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine, may be brought only in the
Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines
that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent
to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive
jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter
jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service
of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the
application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable,
and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although
our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce
a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27
of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Additionally, unless we consent
in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal courts shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint
asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act against us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or agents.
Section 22 of the Securities Act, however, created concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to
enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty
as to whether a court would enforce these exclusive forum provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in
other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. While the Delaware courts have determined that such
exclusive forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated
in the exclusive forum provisions, and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions.
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented
to these provisions; however, we note that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations
thereunder. 

Special Meeting of Stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special
meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our
Chairman. 

Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder
Proposals and Director Nominations 

Our bylaws provide that stockholders
seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual
meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to
be received by the Company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 day nor earlier
than the opening of business on the 120 day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders.
Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice
periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These
provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for
directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

11 

Action by Written Consent 

Any action required or permitted
to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be
effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B common stock. 

Classified Board of Directors 

Our board of directors is divided
into two classes, Class I and Class II, with members of each class serving staggered two-year terms. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject
to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by
the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy
resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. 

Class B Common Stock Consent Right 

For so long as any shares of
Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the
shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would
alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock.
Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting,
without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the
holders of the outstanding Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize
or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Founder
Shares (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the Founder Shares), Private Placement Units, Private
Placement Shares, Private Placement Warrants (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement
Warrants), and securities that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any securities that may be issued upon conversion
thereof) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to the registration rights agreement signed prior to or on the effective date
of the Public Offering, requiring us to register such securities for resale. The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled
to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our Initial Business Combination and
rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration
rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until
termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the Founder Shares, on the earlier of (A) one
year after the completion of our Initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to our Initial Business Combination, (x) if
the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at
least 150 days after our Initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock
exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares
of common stock for cash, securities or other property and (ii) in the case of the Private Placement Units and the securities underlying
such Private Placement Units, 30 days after the completion of our Initial Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred
in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of
any such registration statements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Sponsor may not exercise its demand and piggyback registration
rights after five and seven years, respectively, after the commencement of sales in the Public Offering and may not exercise its demand
rights on more than one occasion. 

12 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_brileyprin250.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Daniel Shribman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of B. Riley
Principal 250 Merger Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

/s/ Daniel Shribman 

Daniel Shribman 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_brileyprin250.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Daniel Shribman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of B. Riley
Principal 250 Merger Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

/s/ Daniel Shribman 

Daniel Shribman 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_brileyprin250.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of B. Riley Principal 250 Merger Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel Shribman, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Daniel Shribman 

Daniel Shribman 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

April 14, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_brileyprin250.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of B. Riley Principal 250 Merger Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel Shribman, Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Daniel Shribman 

Daniel Shribman 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 

April 14, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 briv-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 briv-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 briv-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 briv-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 briv-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

