<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230428_10-K_edgar_data_795212_0001140361-23-021619.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8375728</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>186622</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1469752</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2536436</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2086512</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1801025</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-021619.hdr.sgml : 20230428
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230428163135
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-021619
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230128
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230428
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230428

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kaspien Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000795212
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL- COMPUTER & PRERECORDED TAPE STORES [5735]
		IRS NUMBER:				141541629
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0128

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14818
		FILM NUMBER:		23867080

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2818 N. SULLIVAN RD.
		CITY:			SPOKANE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99216
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5184521242

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2818 N. SULLIVAN RD.
		CITY:			SPOKANE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99216

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19941212

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANS WORLD MUSIC CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-021619.txt : 20230428

10-K
 1
 brhc20051522_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT
 TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT
 TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization

I.R.S. Employer Identification No.

, 

Address of Principal Executive Offices

Zip Code

) 

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Stock Market

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
 pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a
 smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
 for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to
 its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As of July 30, 2022, the last business day of the Company s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, 3,911,985 shares of
 the registrant s Common Stock were issued and outstanding. The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing sale price of the registrant s Common Stock on July
 30, 2022 was million. As of April 15, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding.

APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS:

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or
 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE :

The information required by Part III of this annual report on Form 10-K, to the extent not set forth herein, is incorporated herein by reference from the registrant s definitive proxy statement
 relating to the annual meeting of shareholders to be held in 2023, which definitive proxy statement shall be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this Annual Report on Form
 10-K relates. Except as expressly incorporated by reference, the registrant s proxy statement shall not be deemed to be part of this report.

PART I

Cautionary Statement for Purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995

This document includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to analyses and other information that are
 based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements also relate to the Kaspien Holdings Inc. s the Company s future prospects, developments and business strategies. The statements contained in
 this document that are not statements of historical fact may include forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties.

We have used the words anticipate , believe , could , estimate , expect , intend , may , plan , predict , project , mission , vision and similar terms and phrases, including
 references to assumptions, in this document to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made based on management s expectations and beliefs concerning future events and are subject to uncertainties and factors
 relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the Company s control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed in or implied by these
 forward-looking statements. The following factors are among those that may cause actual results to differ materially from the Company s forward-looking statements:

continued operating losses;

the ability of the Company to satisfy its liabilities and to continue as a going concern;

maintaining Kaspien s relationship with Amazon;

continued revenue declines;

decline in the Company s stock price;

the limited public float and trading volume for our Common Stock;

new product introductions;

advancements in technology;

dependence on key employees, the ability to hire new employees and pay competitive wages;

the Company s level of debt and related restrictions and limitations;

future cash flows;

vendor terms;

interest rate fluctuations;

access to third party digital marketplaces;

adverse publicity;

product liability claims;

changes in laws and regulations;

breach of data security;

increase in Amazon Marketplace fulfillment and storage fees;

limitation on our acquisition and growth strategy as a result of our inability to raise necessary funding;

the Company s ability to meet the continued listing standards of the NASDAQ; and

the other matters set forth under Item 1A Risk Factors, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , and other sections of this Annual Report on Form
 10-K.

The reader should keep in mind that any forward-looking statement made by us in this document, or elsewhere, pertains only as of the date on which we make it. New risks and uncertainties come up
 from time-to-time and it is impossible for us to predict these events or how they may affect us. In light of these risks and uncertainties, you should keep in mind that any forward-looking statements made in this report or elsewhere might not
 occur.

1 

In addition, the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions. These
 estimates and assumptions affect:

the reported amounts and timing of revenue and expenses,

the reported amounts and classification of assets and liabilities, and

the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.

Actual results may vary from our estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions are based on historical results, assumptions that we make, as well as assumptions by third parties.

2 

Item 1. 

BUSINESS

Company Background

Kaspien Holdings Inc. (f/k/a Trans World Entertainment Corporation) Kaspien ), which, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, is referred to herein as the Company , we , us and our , was
 incorporated in New York in 1972. We own 100 of the outstanding Common Stock of Kaspien Inc. See below for additional information.

Kaspien provides software and services to empower brands to grow their online distribution channels on digital marketplaces such as Amazon.com and Target.com. The Company helps brands achieve their
 online retail goals through innovative technology, custom-tailored strategies, and mutually beneficial partnerships.

Five core principles guide us:

We are partner obsessed. Our customers are our partners. Every decision is focused on building mutually beneficial relationships that deliver results.

We are insights driven. We make data actionable. Our curiosity drives us to discover opportunities early and often.

We create simplicity. We challenge the status quo. We take the complicated and simplify it.

We take ownership. We make things happen. We hold ourselves accountable and have a bias for action.

We empower each other. We welcome and learn from diverse experiences. Our empathy ignites innovation and empowers meaningful change.

Business Overview

Kaspien aims to accelerate partner brand growth on today s leading online marketplaces. Our vision is to become the global leader in the brand accelerator industry by improving marketplace selling
 efficiency and profitability. We are a technology-enabled retailer that delivers results for our brand partners across Amazon.com US, Amazon.com Canada, Target.com, and Walmart.com online marketplaces.

Kaspien leverages its 15 years of e-commerce and online brand management experience to provide data driven, partner-specific recommendations resulting in a clear action plan, pricing, and timeline. 
 Our team of e-commerce experts use proprietary and external software to deliver insights and results through listing creation, content optimization, paid advertising, campaign management, and supply chain / logistical support.

We are focused on delivering sustainable profitability to our partners. Our approach allows for a diversified go-to-market approach, enabling economies of scale for multiple operations.

Retail business model: We buy inventory and use our expertise, technology, and services to generate revenue through marketplace transactions. Kaspien provides account
 management, brand communication, listings management, data reporting, joint business planning, and comprehensive marketing support services. Our target partners are enterprise-level large growth brands that derive margins based on pricing.

Agency business model: We use our expertise, technology, and services to manage our partners marketplace presence through channel management with no inventory position. 
 Kaspien provides support services for account management, media planning, media analytics, search strategy, business planning, and data reporting. Our target partners in this space range from medium size to enterprise-level brands. We
 derive margin based on a retainer plus a percentage of transactions and/or specific service fees.

Kaspien provides all the software and services required to drive brand growth and achieve a brand s online goals on Amazon.com, Walmart.com, and Target.com through multiple business models namely,
 Retail and Agency services. We are a technology-enabled services company built to drive marketplace growth. A high-level visualization of our business model is shown in Figure 1 below.

3 

Partners

Kaspien views our retail customers as our partners. Our partners include brands, suppliers, and distributors. Our categories of focus include but are not limited to: Baby, Pets Sporting Goods,
 Tools/Office/Outdoors, and Health Personal Care. In fiscal 2022, these top categories accounted for approximately 83 of our total revenue. To accelerate the growth of our businesses, we have defined an operating model by segmenting our
 businesses into teams, with a single-threaded leader or Partner Success Manager runs. A cross-functional team, including a marketing specialist and a buyer, supports each Partner Success Manager, collectively called a business POD. 

Kaspien uses leading online tools to identify brands that would be good strategic fits for its services. We utilize content marketing to strengthen visibility within the e-commerce industry. The
 Company s public relations efforts consist of press releases, articles in industry publications, and articles on its website to build its brand. Kaspien also has an aggressive business development outreach program and attends several industry
 tradeshows annually.

Partnership Models

Kaspien can be leveraged and engaged via two primary and distinct business models.

Retail Partnership: We own the inventory. We sell it.

In this model, Kaspien buys and sells inventory on marketplaces such as Amazon.com, Walmart.com and Target.com as a third-party seller. Kaspien supports private label and dropship integrations with
 various suppliers and distributors. Kaspien has also developed four incubated brands Jumpoff Jo, Brilliant Bee, Big Betty, and Domestic Corner.

Agency Partnership: Partner owns the inventory. We sell it.

In this model, Kaspien serves as an extension of our partner s e-commerce team, providing full service inventory management, marketing management, creative services, content optimization, brand
 protection, compliance protection, fee recovery, and other marketplace growth services. Kaspien charges a retainer and receives a percentage of the revenue generated.

Primary Agency services include:

Ad management

Brand protection and seller tracking

Cost recovery and case management

Dropship automation

Inventory supply chain management

Creative services

As of January 28, 2023, we had over 100 active retail partners and 12 subscriptions partners.

4 

Technology and Integrations

The Company s marketplace knowledge and expertise is built on fifteen years of selling data and constantly evolving marketplace experience. The company utilizes a variety of automated and
 artificial intelligence powered solutions supporting brand protection services, logistics optimization, automated pricing, budget forecasting, campaign bid automation, dayparting, and much more.

The Company uses an insight-driven approach to digital marketplace retailing using both proprietary and licensed software. Using data collected from marketplaces, optimal inventory thresholds and
 purchasing trends are calculated within its advanced inventory management software developed in-house. Kaspien also leverages best in class software to automate pricing, advertisement management, marketplace seller tracking, and channel auditing.

Additionally, Kaspien partners with enterprise-level software providers that are synergistic to Kaspien. This enables a network of partner integrations that can be extended and expanded upon.
 Kaspien has formed strategic partnerships with NetSuite to power our ERP, MyFBAPrep for their logistics and fulfillment network, IPSecure for brand protection, Seller Investigators and Charge Guard for fee recovery services, Helium10 for keyword
 research, Vantage for content optimization, and many others.

Business Environment

Digital marketplaces allow consumers to shop from various merchants in one place and have become an integral part of many brand manufacturers businesses.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, total U.S. e-commerce sales in 2022 were 1.0 billion, up 7.7 from 2021. e-commerce sales ended the year accounting for 14.6 of total sales, the same level as
 2021.

In the United States, we sell on marketplaces that represent greater than 50 of national e-commerce visits and sales including Amazon.com US, Amazon.com CA, Walmart.com, and Target.com.

Competition and Strategic Positioning

Kaspien operates in a category within e-commerce called Marketplace Growth Services . Businesses in this category provide services to brands and other sellers to facilitate growth on marketplaces.
 The market is fragmented, and most providers focus on only a few areas where sellers need support. Subcategories in this market include Account and Marketing Services, Supply Chain and Logistics Providers, Manufacturers and Product Suppliers, Legal
 Services and Accounting, Tax and Financial Services. The Account and Marketing Services subcategory divides services into retail and agency services. This is analogous to our business models Retail and Agency.

Kaspien is a comprehensive and fully customizable offering of services tailored toward online marketplace growth. Kaspien s core focus is on the Account and Marketing Services subcategory, which
 competes with Software Providers, Agencies, and Retailers.

Revenue Distribution

Kaspien s primary source of revenue is through its Retail business, specifically as a third-party seller on the Amazon US marketplace. Retail revenues represented 98.6 of total revenue in fiscal
 2022, the same level as fiscal 2021. In fiscal 2022, the share of our retail revenues generated from our Amazon US business was 94.8 , as compared to 93.3 in fiscal 2021. Our international retail business represented 2.5 of retail sales in fiscal
 2022 compared to 3.9 in fiscal year 2021. The remaining retail revenue is generated from other marketplaces, including Amazon.com CA, Walmart.com, eBay.com, and Target.com.

Kaspien focuses on various categories, including pets and sporting goods, baby, tools / office / outdoor, health personal care, and home / kitchen. In fiscal year 2022, these categories
 represented approximately 83 of our total revenue. Kaspien analyzes our operations by category, developing a deep understanding and subject matter expertise in these areas, enabling us to drive better results across these categories.

5 

Human Capital

As of January 28, 2023, the Company employed approximately 80 full-time people. At the end of fiscal 2022, the Company had department heads in marketing, supply chain, private label, business
 development, account management, human resources, accounting, FP A, warehouse operations, compliance, and technology. Employee levels are managed to align with the pace of business, and management believes it has sufficient human capital to
 operate its business successfully.

The Company believes its success depends on attracting, developing, retaining, and incentivizing new and existing employees. It also believes that its employees' skills, experience, and
 industry knowledge significantly benefit the operation, performance, and competitiveness within the industry. The principal purposes of equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain, and reward personnel by granting stock-based and
 cash-based compensation awards. This results in a best-in-class employee experience, which ultimately increases shareholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve
 our objectives.

Customer Acquisition

Kaspien engages its partners through brand building, inbound digital marketing, outbound sales techniques, and its proprietary data platform to identify brands that would be a strategic fit for
 its services. Kaspien utilizes tradeshows and content marketing to strengthen its visibility within the industry. Kaspien s public relations efforts consist of press releases, articles in industry publications, and articles on its website to build
 its brand.

Trademarks

The trademark Kaspien is registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and is owned by Kaspien. We believe that our rights to this trademark is adequately protected. We hold no material
 patents, licenses, franchises, or concessions; however, our established trademark is essential to maintaining our competitive position.

Available Information

The Company s headquarters are located at 2818 N. Sullivan Road, Suite 130, Spokane Valley, WA 99216, and its telephone number is (855)-300-2710. The Company s corporate website address is
 www.kaspien.com. The Company makes available, free of charge, its Exchange Act Reports (Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K and any amendments thereto) on its web site as soon as practical after the reports are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 SEC ). The public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room can be obtained by
 calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. This information can be obtained from the
 site http://www.sec.gov. The Company s Common Stock, 0.01 par value, is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the trading symbol KSPN .

6 

Item 1A. 

RISK FACTORS

The following is a discussion of certain factors, which could affect the financial results of the Company.

Risks Related to Our Business

If we cannot successfully implement our business strategy our growth and profitability could be adversely impacted.

Our future results will depend, among other things, on our success in implementing our business strategy. The ability of the Company to meet its liabilities and to continue as a going concern is
 dependent on improved profitability, the continued implementation of the strategic initiative to reposition Kaspien as a platform of software and services and the availability of future funding.

There can be no assurance that we will be successful in further implementing our business strategy or that the strategy, including the completed initiatives, will be successful in sustaining
 acceptable levels of sales growth and profitability. Based on recurring losses from operations, negative cash flows from operations, the expectation of continuing operating losses for the foreseeable future, and uncertainty with respect to any
 available future funding, the Company has concluded that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
 uncertainty.

Continued increases in Amazon Marketplace fulfillment and storage fees could have an adverse impact on our profit margin and results of operations. 

The Company utilizes Amazon s Freight by Amazon FBA platform to store their products at the Amazon fulfillment center and to pack and distribute these products to customers. If Amazon
 continues to increase its FBA fees, our profit margin could be adversely affected.

Our business depends on our ability to build and maintain strong product listings on e-commerce platforms. We may not be able to maintain and enhance our product listings if we receive unfavorable
 customer complaints, negative publicity, or otherwise fail to live up to consumers expectations, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and growth prospects.

Maintaining and enhancing our product listings is critical in expanding and growing our business. However, a significant portion of our perceived performance to the customer depends on third
 parties outside of our control, including suppliers and third-party delivery agents as well as online retailers such as Amazon and Walmart. Because our agreements with our online retail partners are generally terminable at will, we may be unable to
 maintain these relationships, and our results of operations could fluctuate significantly from period to period. Because we rely on third parties to deliver our products, we are subject to shipping delays or disruptions caused by inclement weather,
 natural disasters, labor activism, health epidemics or bioterrorism. We may also experience shipping delays or disruptions due to other carrier-related issues relating to their own internal operational capabilities. Further, we rely on the business
 continuity plans of these third parties to operate during pandemics, like the COVID-19 pandemic, and we have limited ability to influence their plans, prevent delays, and/or cost increases due to reduced availability and capacity and increased
 required safety measures.

Customer complaints or negative publicity about our products, delivery times, or marketing strategies, even if not accurate, especially on blogs, social media websites and third-party market
 sites, could rapidly and severely diminish consumer view of our product listings and result in harm to our brands. Customers may also make safety-related claims regarding products sold through our online retail partners, such as Amazon, which may
 result in an online retail partner removing the product from its marketplace. We have from time to time experienced such removals and such removals may materially impact our financial results depending on the product that is removed and length of
 time that it is removed. We also use and rely on other services from third parties, such as our telecommunications services, and those services may be subject to outages and interruptions that are not within our control.

7 

A change in one or more of the Company s partners policies or the Company s relationship with those partners could adversely affect the Company s results of operations.

The Company is dependent on its partners to supply merchandise in a timely and efficient manner. If a partner fails to deliver on its commitments, whether due to financial difficulties or other
 reasons, the Company could experience merchandise shortages that could lead to lost sales.

Historically, the Company has not experienced difficulty in obtaining satisfactory sources of supply and management believes that it will continue to have access to adequate sources of supply.
 The Company had one partner that represented 20.4 of net revenue in fiscal 2022.

Our revenue is dependent upon maintaining our relationship with Amazon and failure to do so, or any restrictions on our ability to offer products on the Amazon Marketplace, could have an adverse impact
 on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The Company generates substantially all of its revenue through the Amazon Marketplace. Therefore, we depend in large part on our relationship with Amazon for growth. In particular, we depend on
 our ability to offer products on the Amazon Marketplace. We also depend on Amazon for the timely delivery of products to customers. Any adverse change in our relationship with Amazon, including restrictions on the ability to offer products or
 termination of the relationship, could adversely affect our continued growth and financial condition and results of operations.

We have substantial indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business.

We have a significant amount of debt and we may continue to incur additional debt in the future. As of January 28, 2023, the Company had borrowings of 8.8 million under our credit
 facility with Eclipse. We also had borrowings of 5.3 million under our Subordinated Debt facility, with interest accruing at the rate of twelve percent (12 per annum and compounded on the last day of each
 calendar quarter by becoming a part of the principal amount . In addition, we have 4.5 million under our Subordinated Debt Facility, with interest accruing at the rate of fifteen percent (15 per annum and
 compounded on the last day of each calendar quarter by becoming a part of the principal amount . Substantially all of our assets, including the capital stock of Kaspien is pledged to secure our indebtedness. This leverage also exposes us
 to significant risk by limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business (whether through competitive pressure or otherwise), our industry and the economy at large. In addition, our ability to make payments on, or
 repay or refinance, such debt, and to fund our operating and capital expenditures, depends largely upon our future operating performance. Our future operating performance, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive,
 regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control.

The terms of our asset-based revolving credit agreement and subordinated debt agreement impose certain restrictions on us that may impair our ability to respond to changing business and economic
 conditions, which could have a significant adverse impact on our business. Additionally, our business could suffer if our ability to acquire financing is reduced or eliminated.

On February 20, 2020, Kaspien entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the Loan Agreement with Eclipse, as administrative agent, under which the lenders committed to provide up to 25
 million in loans under a four-year, secured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility ). On March 30, 2020, we entered into a Subordinated Loan and Security Agreement (the Subordinated Loan Agreement with the lenders party thereto from
 time to time (the Lenders and TWEC Loan Collateral Agent, LLC Collateral Agent ), as collateral agent for the Lenders, pursuant to which the Lenders made a 5.2 million secured term loan (the Subordinated Loan to Kaspien. We subsequently
 amended the Subordinated Loan to add an additional 5.0 million secured term loan.

Among other things, the Loan Agreement and Subordinated Loan Agreement limit Kaspien s ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, make investments, make restricted payments or
 specified payments and merge or acquire assets. The Loan Agreement also requires Kaspien to comply with a financial maintenance covenant.

The Loan Agreement and Subordinated Loan Agreement contains customary events of default, including, but not limited to, payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, covenant
 defaults, cross-defaults to other obligations, customary ERISA defaults, certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency, judgment defaults, the invalidity of liens on collateral, change in control, cessation of business or the liquidation of material
 assets of the borrowers and guarantors taken as a whole, the occurrence of an uninsured loss to a material portion of collateral and, in the case of the Credit Facility, failure of the obligations to constitute senior indebtedness under any
 applicable subordination or intercreditor agreements, including our Subordinated Debt.

8 

Risks Related to Information Technology and Intellectual Property

Breach of data security could harm our business and standing with our customers.

The protection of our partner, employee and business data is critical to us. Our business, like that of most companies, involves confidential information about our employees, our suppliers and
 our Company. We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of all such data, including confidential information. Despite the security measures we have in
 place, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors, or other similar events.
 Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our systems or information through fraud or other means, including deceiving our employees or third-party service providers. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade
 service, or sabotage systems are also constantly changing and evolving, and may be difficult to anticipate or detect. We have implemented and regularly review and update our control systems, processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized
 access to or use of secured data and to prevent data loss. However, the ever-evolving threats mean we must continually evaluate and adapt our systems and processes, and there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all data
 security breaches or misuses of data. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of customer payment card or personal information or employee personal or confidential information, whether by us or our
 vendors, could damage our reputation, expose us to risk of litigation and liability, disrupt our operations, harm our business and have an adverse impact upon our net sales and profitability. As the regulatory environment related to information
 security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and changing requirements applicable to our business, compliance with those requirements could also result in additional costs. Further, if we are unable to
 comply with the security standards established by banks and the credit card industry, we may be subject to fines, restrictions and expulsion from card acceptance programs, which could adversely affect our retail operations.

Our hardware and software systems are vulnerable to damage, theft or intrusion that could harm our business.

Any failure of our computer hardware or software systems that causes an interruption in our operations or a decrease in inventory tracking could result in reduced net sales and profitability.
 Additionally, if any data intrusion, security breach, misappropriation or theft were to occur, we could incur significant costs in responding to such event, including responding to any resulting claims, litigation or investigations, which could
 harm our operating results.

Our inability or failure to protect our intellectual property rights, or any claimed infringement by us of third-party intellectual rights, could have a negative impact on our operating results.

Our trademark, trade secrets and other intellectual property, including proprietary software, are valuable assets that are critical to our success. The unauthorized reproduction or other
 misappropriation of our intellectual property could cause a decline in our revenue. In addition, any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us could be time-consuming to address, result in costly litigation, cause product
 delays, require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements or result in our loss of ownership or use of the intellectual property.

Risks Related to Human Capital

Loss of key personnel or the inability to attract, train and retain qualified employees could adversely affect the Company s results of operations.

The Company believes that its future prospects depend, to a significant extent, on the services of its executive officers. Our future success will also depend on our ability to attract and retain
 qualified key personnel. The loss of the services of certain of the Company s executive officers and other key management personnel could adversely affect the Company s results of operations.

9 

In addition to our executive officers, the Company s business is dependent on our ability to attract, train and retain qualified team members. Our ability to meet our labor needs while
 controlling our costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, health care costs and changing demographics. If we are unable to attract and retain adequate numbers of qualified team members, our operations and support functions
 could suffer. Those factors, together with increased wage and benefit costs, could adversely affect our results of operations.

We may face difficulties in meeting our labor needs to effectively operate our business.

We are heavily dependent upon our labor workforce. Our compensation packages are designed to provide benefits commensurate with our level of expected service. However, we face the challenge of
 filling many positions at wage scales that are appropriate to the industry and competitive factors. We also face other risks in meeting our labor needs, including competition for qualified personnel and overall unemployment levels. Changes in any
 of these factors, including a shortage of available workforce, could interfere with our ability to adequately service our customers and could result in increasing labor costs.

Our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs, including costs related to an increase in minimum wage and health care.

Labor is one of the primary components in the cost of operating our business. Increased labor costs, whether due to competition, unionization, increased minimum wage, state unemployment rates,
 health care, or other employee benefits costs may adversely impact our operating expenses. Additionally, there is no assurance that future health care legislation will not adversely impact our results or operations.

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock.

The ownership of our Common Stock is concentrated, and entities affiliated with members of our Board of Directors have influence over the outcome of any vote of the Company s shareholders and may have
 competing interests.

The Robert J. Higgins TWMC Trust (the Trust owns approximately 14.4 of the outstanding Common Stock and Neil Subin owns approximately 9.1 of the outstanding Common Stock, and as a result
 each can influence the outcome of most actions requiring shareholder approval. In addition, entities affiliated with each of the Trust and Mr. Subin, as well as one of our directors, Mr. Simpson, and certain of his affiliated entities,
 collectively hold approximately 25.3 of the outstanding Common Stock, and as a result can influence the outcome of most actions requiring shareholder approval.

If all of the outstanding warrants described in Related Party Transactions were exercised, the Trust would own approximately 13.5 of the outstanding Common Stock and Neil Subin and his
 affiliated entities would own approximately 14.6 of the outstanding Common Stock, and as a result each can influence the outcome of most actions requiring shareholder approval. If all of the outstanding warrants described in Related Party
 Transactions were exercised, entities affiliated with each of the Trust, Mr. Subin, as well as one of our directors, Mr. Simpson, and certain of his affiliated entities, would collectively hold approximately 29.8 of the outstanding Common Stock,
 and as a result can significantly influence the outcome of nearly all actions requiring shareholder approval,

These shareholders entered into a voting agreement (as described in Related Party Transactions and agreed to how their respective shares of the Company s Common Stock held by the parties will
 be voted with respect to the designation, election, removal, and replacement of members of the Board. Pursuant to the voting agreement, Messrs. Marcus and Simpson were appointed as directors of the Company, and Mr. Reickert, a trustee of the
 Trust, remained as a director of the Company. Mr. Subin was also granted board observer rights.

Entities affiliated with the Trust and Messrs. Marcus and Simpson are also lenders under our subordinated loan and security agreement, have received warrants to purchase shares of the Company s
 Common Stock and received contingent value rights CVRs representing the contractual right to receive cash payments from the Company in an amount equal, in the aggregate, to 19.9 of the proceeds received by the Company in respect of certain
 intercompany indebtedness owing to it by Kaspien and/or its equity interest in Kaspien, each as described in Related Party Transactions . In addition, entities affiliated with Mr. Marcus received an additional CVR representing the contractual
 right to receive cash payments from the Company in an amount equal to 9.0 of the proceeds received by the Company in respect of certain distributions by the Company or Kaspien; recapitalizations or financings of the Company or Kaspien (with
 appropriate carve out for trade financing in the ordinary course); repayment of intercompany indebtedness owing to the Company by Kaspien; or sale or transfer of any stock of the Company or Kaspien, as described in Related Party Transactions . As
 a result, there may be instances in which the interest of Mr. Reickert, the Trust and its affiliated entities, Messrs. Marcus and Subin and their respective affiliated entities, and Mr. Simpson and his affiliated entities may conflict or be
 perceived as being in conflict with the interest of a holder of our securities or the interest of the Company.

10 

The holders of our common stock could suffer substantial dilution due to our corporate financing practices.

The holders of our common stock could suffer substantial dilution due to our corporate financing practices, which, in the past few years, have included a registered direct offering, the issuance of warrants and the
 issuance of contingent value rights.

If all of the outstanding warrants were exercised, an additional 2,782,286 shares of common stock would be issued and outstanding. This additional issuance of shares of common stock would cause immediate and
 substantial dilution to our existing shareholders and could cause a significant reduction in the market price of our common stock.

Additionally, lenders under our subordinated loan and security agreement, have received contingent value rights CVRs representing the contractual right to receive cash payments from the
 Company in an amount equal, in the aggregate, to 19.9 of the proceeds received by the Company in respect of certain intercompany indebtedness owing to it by Kaspien and/or its equity interest in Kaspien, each as described in Related Party
 Transactions . In addition, certain lenders received an additional CVR representing the contractual right to receive cash payments from the Company in an amount equal to 9.0 of the proceeds received by the Company in respect of certain
 distributions by the Company or Kaspien; recapitalizations or financings of the Company or Kaspien (with appropriate carve out for trade financing in the ordinary course); repayment of intercompany indebtedness owing to the Company by Kaspien; or
 sale or transfer of any stock of the Company or Kaspien, as described in Related Party Transactions . If events triggering these payments occur, the amount of consideration received by the Company will be reduced, thereby reducing any amounts
 distributable or attributable to shareholders or their shares.

The issuance of any securities for acquisition or financing efforts, upon exercise of warrants, pursuant to our equity compensation plans, or otherwise may result in a reduction of the market
 price of the outstanding shares of our common stock. If we issue any such additional securities, such issuance will cause a reduction in the proportionate ownership and voting power of all current shareholders. Further, such issuance may result in
 a change in control of our Company.

The Company s stock price has experienced and could continue to experience volatility and could decline, resulting in a substantial loss on your investment.

Our stock price has experienced, and could continue to experience in the future, substantial volatility as a result of many factors, including global economic conditions, broad market
 fluctuations and public perception of the prospects for the industries in which we operate and the value of our assets. We are reliant on the performance of Kaspien, and a failure to meet market expectations, particularly with respect to net
 revenues, operating margins and earnings per share, would likely result in a further decline in the market price of our stock.

We do not currently meet continued listing standards of the NASDAQ, and as a result our Common Stock could be delisted from trading, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our
 Common Stock and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC the NASDAQ ), which imposes continued listing requirements with respect to listed shares. On December 14, 2022, we received written notice
 from the NASDAQ that the closing bid price for our common stock had been below 1.00 for the previous 30 consecutive business days, and that the Company therefore was not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on
 The Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company has been provided a period of 180 calendar days, or until June 12, 2023, to regain compliance. In order to regain
 compliance with the minimum closing bid price rule, the closing bid price of the Company s common stock must be at least 1.00 for a minimum of ten consecutive business days during the compliance period. If the Company does not regain compliance
 during the initial compliance period, the Company may be eligible for additional time to regain compliance. If the Company is not eligible, the Company expects that at that time the NASDAQ will provide written notice to the Company that the
 Company s common stock will be subject to delisting.

11 

The notice has no immediate impact on the listing of the Company s common stock, which will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company intends to monitor its closing bid price for its
 common stock between now and June 12, 2023 and will consider available options to resolve the Company s noncompliance with the minimum bid price requirement, as may be necessary. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to regain
 compliance or that we will otherwise be in compliance with other NASDAQ listing criteria. If we fail to regain and maintain compliance with the minimum bid requirement or to meet the other applicable continued listing requirements in the future and
 NASDAQ determines to delist our common stock, the delisting could adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our common stock, and reduce our ability to raise additional capital.

The limited public float and trading volume for our Common Stock may have an adverse impact and cause significant fluctuation of market price.

Historically, ownership of a significant portion of our outstanding shares of Common Stock has been concentrated in a small number of shareholders. Consequently, our Common Stock has a relatively
 small float and low average daily trading volume, which could affect a shareholder s ability to sell our stock or the price at which it can be sold. In addition, future sales of substantial amounts of our Common Stock in the public market by those
 larger shareholders, or the perception that these sales could occur, may adversely impact the market price of the stock and our stock could be difficult for a shareholder to liquidate.

Failure to remediate a material weakness related to our ability to perform adequate independent reviews and maintain effective controls related to account analyses, account summaries and account reconciliations , could result in material misstatements in our financial statements.

Our management has identified a material weakness related to our ability to perform adequate independent reviews and maintain effective controls
 related to account analyses, account summaries and account reconciliations and has concluded that, due to such material weakness, each of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting were not effective
 as of January 28, 2023. While remediation is in process, our failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could result in material misstatements in our financial
 statements, and a failure to meet our reporting and financial obligations, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our common stock.

General Risk Factors

The Company s business is influenced by general economic conditions.

The Company s performance is subject to general economic conditions and their impact on levels of discretionary consumer spending. General economic conditions impacting discretionary consumer
 spending include, among others, wages and employment, consumer debt, reductions in net worth, residential real estate and mortgage markets, taxation, fuel and energy prices, interest rates, consumer confidence and other macroeconomic factors.

Consumer purchases of discretionary items generally decline during recessionary periods and other periods where disposable income is adversely affected. A downturn in the economy affects
 retailers disproportionately, as consumers may prioritize reductions in discretionary spending, which could have a direct impact on purchases of our products and services and adversely impact our results of operations. In addition, reduced consumer
 spending may drive us and our competitors to offer additional products at promotional prices, which would have a negative impact on gross profit.

Disruption of global capital and credit markets may have a material adverse effect on the Company s liquidity and capital resources.

Distress in the financial markets has in the past and can in the future result in extreme volatility in security prices, diminished liquidity and credit availability. There can be no assurance that our liquidity will not
 be affected by changes in the financial markets and the global economy or that our capital resources will at all times be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity needs.

Because of our floating rate credit facility, we may be adversely affected by interest rate changes.

Our financial position may be affected by fluctuations in interest rates, as the Credit Facility is subject to floating interest rates. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors,
 including governmental monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our control. As we borrow against our credit facility, a significant increase in interest rates could have an adverse
 effect on our financial position and results of operations.

The Company is dependent upon access to capital, including bank credit facilities and short-term vendor financing, for its liquidity needs.

The Company must have sufficient sources of liquidity to fund its working capital requirements and indebtedness. The future availability of financing will depend on a variety of factors, such as
 economic and market conditions, permissibility under our existing financing arrangements, the availability of credit and the Company s credit rating, as well as the Company s reputation with potential lenders. These factors could materially
 adversely affect the Company s ability to fund its working capital requirements, costs of borrowing, and the Company s financial position and results of operations would be adversely impacted.

12 

We may complete a future significant strategic transaction that may not achieve intended results or could increase the number of our outstanding shares or amount of outstanding
 debt or result in a change of control.

We will evaluate and may in the future enter into strategic transactions. Any such transaction could happen at any time following the closing of the merger, could be material to our business and
 could take any number of forms, including, for example, an acquisition, merger or a sale of all or substantially all of our assets.

Evaluating potential transactions and integrating completed ones may divert the attention of our management from ordinary operating matters. The success of these potential transactions will
 depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated growth opportunities and cost synergies through the successful integration of the businesses we acquire with our existing business. Even if we are successful in integrating the acquired
 businesses, we cannot assure you that these integrations will result in the realization of the full benefit of any anticipated growth opportunities or cost synergies or that these benefits will be realized within the expected time frames. In
 addition, acquired businesses may have unanticipated liabilities or contingencies.

If we complete an acquisition, investment or other strategic transaction, we may require additional financing that could result in an increase in the number of our outstanding shares or the
 aggregate principal amount of our debt. A strategic transaction may result in a change in control of our company or otherwise materially and adversely affect our business.

Historically, we have experienced declines, and we may continue to experience fluctuation in our level of sales and results from operations.

A variety of factors has historically affected, and will continue to affect, our sales results and profit margins. These factors include general economic conditions; competition; actions taken by
 our competitors; consumer trends and preferences; access to third party marketplaces; and new product introductions and changes in our product mix.

There is no assurance that we will achieve positive levels of sales and earnings growth, and any decline in our future growth or performance could have a material adverse effect on our business
 and results of operations.

The ability of the Company to satisfy its liabilities and to continue as a going concern will continue to be dependent on the implementation of several items, the success of which is not certain.

The Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and the Company s primary sources of liquidity are borrowing capacity under its revolving credit facility, available cash and cash
 equivalents, all of which are limited. Therefore, the ability of the Company to meet its liabilities and to continue as a going concern is dependent on, among other things, improved profitability, the continued implementation of the strategic
 initiative to reposition Kaspien as a platform of software and services, the availability of future funding, implementation of one or more corporate initiatives to reduce costs at the parent company level and other strategic alternatives, including
 selling all or part of the remaining business or assets of the Company.

There can be no assurance that we will be successful in further implementing our business strategy or that the strategy, including the completed initiatives, will be successful in sustaining
 acceptable levels of sales growth and profitability. Based on recurring losses from operations, negative cash flows from operations, the expectation of continuing operating losses for the foreseeable future, and uncertainty with respect to any
 available future funding, the Company has concluded that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
 uncertainty.

13 

Parties with whom the Company does business may be subject to insolvency risks or may otherwise become unable or unwilling to perform their obligations to the Company.

The Company is a party to contracts, transactions and business relationships with various third parties, including partners, vendors, suppliers, service providers and lenders, pursuant to which
 such third parties have performance, payment and other obligations to the Company. In some cases, the Company depends upon such third parties to provide essential products, services or other benefits, including with respect to merchandise,
 advertising, software development and support, logistics, other agreements for goods and services in order to operate the Company s business in the ordinary course, extensions of credit, credit card accounts and related receivables, and other vital
 matters. Economic, industry and market conditions could result in increased risks to the Company associated with the potential financial distress or insolvency of such third parties. If any of third parties were to become subject to bankruptcy,
 receivership or similar proceedings, the rights and benefits of the Company in relation to its contracts, transactions and business relationships with such third parties could be terminated, modified in a manner adverse to the Company, or otherwise
 impaired. The Company cannot make any assurances that it would be able to arrange for alternate or replacement contracts, transactions or business relationships on terms as favorable as the Company s existing contracts, transactions or business
 relationships, if at all. Any inability on the part of the Company to do so could negatively affect the Company s cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.

Failure to comply with legal and regulatory requirements could adversely affect the Company s results of operations.

The Company s business is subject to a wide array of laws and regulations. Significant legislative changes that impact our relationship with our workforce (none of which is represented by unions)
 could increase our expenses and adversely affect our operations. Examples of possible legislative changes impacting our relationship with our workforce include changes to an employer s obligation to recognize collective bargaining units, the
 process by which collective bargaining units are negotiated or imposed, minimum wage requirements, health care mandates, and changes in overtime regulations.

Our policies, procedures and internal controls are designed to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including those imposed by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the NASDAQ
 Capital Market, as well as applicable employment laws. Additional legal and regulatory requirements increase the complexity of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the related cost of compliance. Failure to comply with such laws and
 regulations may result in damage to our reputation, financial condition and market price of our stock.

Litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our business is subject to the risk of litigation by employees, consumers, partners, suppliers, competitors, stockholders, government agencies or others through private actions, class actions,
 administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. The outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits and regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify. We may incur losses relating to these claims, and in
 addition, these proceedings could cause us to incur costs and may require us to devote resources to defend against these claims that could adversely affect our results of operations. For a description of current legal proceedings, see Part I, Item
 3, Legal Proceedings. 

The effects of natural disasters, terrorism, acts of war, and public health issues may adversely affect our business.

Natural disasters, including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, and tornadoes may affect store and distribution center operations. In addition, acts of terrorism, acts of war, and military action
 both in the United States and abroad can have a significant effect on economic conditions and may negatively affect our ability to purchase merchandise from suppliers for sale to our customers. Public health issues, such as flu or other pandemics,
 whether occurring in the United States or abroad, could disrupt our operations and result in a significant part of our workforce being unable to operate or maintain our infrastructure or perform other tasks necessary to conduct our business.
 Additionally, public health issues may disrupt, or have an adverse effect on, our suppliers operations, our operations, our customers, or customer demand. Our ability to mitigate the adverse effect of these events depends, in part, upon the
 effectiveness of our disaster preparedness and response planning as well as business continuity planning. However, we cannot be certain that our plans will be adequate or implemented properly in the event of an actual disaster. We may be required
 to suspend operations in some or all our locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any significant declines in public safety or uncertainties regarding future economic
 prospects that affect customer spending habits could have a material adverse effect on customer purchases of our products.

A pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, may materially and adversely affect our business.

Our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be materially adversely impacted if a public health outbreak, including the recent COVID-19 pandemic, interferes with our ability, or
 the ability of our employees, contractors, suppliers, and other business partners to perform our and their respective responsibilities and obligations relative to the conduct of our business.

14 

Item 1B. 

UNRESOLVED SEC COMMENTS

None.

15 

Item 2. 

PROPERTIES

Corporate Offices and Distribution Center Facility 

As of January 28, 2023, we leased the following office and distribution facilities:

Location

Square

 Footage

Owned or

 Leased

Use

Spokane, WA

30,700

Leased

Office administration

Spokane, WA

32,000

Leased

Distribution center

The distribution center supports the distribution to outside distribution facilities for sale on third-party marketplaces for Kaspien.

Item 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of its business and have not been finally adjudicated. Although there can be no assurance as to the
 ultimate disposition of these matters, it is management s opinion, based upon the information available at this time, that the expected outcome of these matters, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the
 results of operations and financial condition of the Company.

Retailer Agreement Dispute

On June 18, 2021, Vijuve Inc. filed a lawsuit against Kaspien Inc. in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Washington (Case No. 2:21-cv-00192-SAB) concerning a Retailer
 Agreement that the parties entered into in September of 2020. Vijuve manufactures skin care products and face massagers. The parties agreed that Kaspien would sell Vijuve s products on Amazon. The complaint alleged that Kaspien breached the
 Retailer Agreement when it declined to acquiesce to Vijuve s demand that Kaspien purchase over 700,000 of products. In total, Vijuve appears to be seeking more than 1,000,000 in damages. Kaspien denies that it breached the agreement and denies
 that it has any liability to Vijuve. Moreover, on July 19, 2021, Kaspien filed counterclaims and alleged that Vijuve breached the contract, including by refusing to buy back inventory from Kaspien upon termination of the Retailer Agreement. On
 July 18, 2022, Kaspien filed additional counterclaims against VIjuve for fraud and negligent misrepresentation. Kaspien is seeking at least 229,000 from Vijuve for breach of contract and/or specific performance, as well as fraud and negligent
 misrepresentation. A trial on all of the parties claims is scheduled for September 18, 2023.

On February 17, 2022, CA Washington, LLC CA filed a lawsuit against Kaspien Inc. in Wake County, North Carolina Superior Court (court file 22 CVS 2051). CA
 claims that Kaspien Inc. breached the contract between the parties by using CA s technology platform to facilitate sales by third parties and by using CA s technology to develop a competing platform. The lawsuit also includes an alternative claim
 for unjust enrichment and a claim for breach of North Carolina s Unfair and Deceptive Trade Practices Act. CA seeks an unspecified amount of damages. Kaspien removed the lawsuit to federal court in the Eastern District of North Carolina (case
 number 5:22-cv-00111), filed an Answer denying CA s claims, and asserted a counterclaim against CA for breach of contract and breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing. There is no determination of outcome, thus no contingencies are
 recognized as of the reporting date. The parties have agreed to resolve the lawsuit and are finalizing the necessary settlement documents.

Item 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

16 

PART II

Item 5. 

MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Market Information : The Company s Common Stock trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol KSPN. As of April 15, 2023, there were 77
 shareholders of record.

On December 14, 2022, we received written notice from the NASDAQ that the closing bid price for our common stock had been below 1.00 for the previous 30 consecutive business days, and that the
 Company therefore was not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company has been
 provided a period of 180 calendar days, or until June 12, 2023, to regain compliance. In order to regain compliance with the minimum closing bid price rule, the closing bid price of the Company s common stock must be at least 1.00 for a minimum of
 ten consecutive business days during the compliance period. If the Company does not regain compliance during the initial compliance period, the Company may be eligible for additional time to regain compliance. If the Company is not eligible, the
 Company expects that at that time the NASDAQ will provide written notice to the Company that the Company s common stock will be subject to delisting.

The notice has no immediate impact on the listing of the Company s common stock, which will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company intends to monitor its closing bid price
 for its common stock between now and June 12, 2023 and will consider available options to resolve the Company s noncompliance with the minimum bid price requirement, as may be necessary.

Dividend Policy: The Company did not pay cash dividends in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021. The declaration and
 payment of any dividends is at the sole discretion of the board of directors and is not guaranteed.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities during the Quarter Ended January 28, 2023

During the three-month period ended January 28, 2023, the Company did not repurchase any shares under a share repurchase program.

Item 6. 

[Reserved]

17 

Item 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Overview

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations provide information that the Company s management believes necessary to achieve an understanding of its
 financial condition and results of operations. To the extent that such analysis contains statements which are not of a historical nature, such statements are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties. These risks include,
 but are not limited to, changes in the competitive environment for the Company s products and services; general economic factors in markets where the Company s products and services are sold; and other factors including, but not limited to: cost of
 goods, consumer disposable income, consumer debt levels and buying patterns, consumer credit availability, interest rates, customer preferences, unemployment, labor costs, inflation, fuel and energy prices, weather patterns, climate change,
 catastrophic events, competitive pressures and insurance costs discussed in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Key Performance Indicators

Management monitors a number of key performance indicators to evaluate its performance, including:

Net Revenue: The Company measures total year over year sales growth. Net sales performance is measured through several key performance indicators including
 number of partners and active product listings and sales per listing.

Cost of Sales and Gross Profit: Gross profit is calculated based on the cost of product in relation to its retail selling value. Changes in gross profit
 are impacted primarily by net sales levels, mix of products sold, obsolescence and distribution costs. Distribution expenses include those costs associated with receiving, inspecting warehousing merchandise, Amazon fulfillment fees, and
 costs associated with product returns to vendors.

Selling, General and Administrative SG A Expenses: Included in SG A expenses are payroll and related costs, general operating and overhead
 expenses and depreciation charges. SG A expenses also include miscellaneous income and expense items, other than interest.

Balance Sheet and Ratios: The Company views cash, merchandise inventory, accounts payable leverage, and working capital
 as key indicators of its financial position. See Liquidity and Capital Resources for further discussion of these items . 

Gross Merchandise Value GMV ): The total value of merchandise sold over a given time period through a customer-to-customer exchange site. It is the measurement of merchandise
 value sold across all channels and partners within our platform.

18 

Fiscal Year Ended January 28, 2023 fiscal 2022 

 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended January 29, 2022 fiscal 2021 

The Company s fiscal year is a 52 or 53-week period ending the Saturday nearest to January 31. Fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 ended January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively. Both fiscal 2022
 and fiscal 2021 had 52 weeks.

Net Revenue. Net revenue decreased 10.8 to 128.2 million compared to 143.7 million in fiscal 2021. The primary source of revenue is the Retail as a Service
 RaaS model, which represented 98.7 of net revenue. Net revenue from Walmart, Target and Other Marketplaces decreased to 1.3 in fiscal 2022 from 1.5 in fiscal 2021. Subscriptions and Other share of net revenue increased to 1.4 of net revenue
 from 1.3 of net revenue in the comparable period from the prior year The following table sets forth net revenue by marketplace as a percentage of total net revenue:

January 28,

 2023

to 

Total

January 29,

 2022

to 

Total 

Change

Amazon US

121,561

94.8

134,125

93.3

(12,564

Amazon International

3,241

2.5

5,576

3.9

(2,335

Walmart, Target Other Marketplaces

1,645

1.3

2,172

1.5

(527

Subtotal Retail

126,447

98.6

141,873

98.7

(15,426

Subscriptions Other

1,781

1.4

1,840

1.3

(59

Total

128,228

100.0

143,713

100.0

(15,485

The Company generates revenue across a broad array of product lines primarily through the Amazon Marketplace. Categories include apparel, baby, beauty, electronics, health personal care,
 home/kitchen/grocery, pets, sporting goods, toys art.

Annual platform GMV for fiscal year 2022 was 271.0 million, the same level as fiscal 2021. Retail GMV decreased 9.2 to 137.1 million or 50.6 of total GMV, compared to 151.0 million or 55.7 
 of total GMV in fiscal 2021. Subscription GMV increased 15.7 to 133.9 million or 49.4 of total GMV, compared to 120.0 million or 44.3 of total GMV in fiscal 2021.

Gross Profit. Gross profit as a percentage of revenue was 19.0 in fiscal 2022 as compared to 22.8 in fiscal 2021. The decrease in the gross profit rate was
 primarily due to a decrease in merchandise margin to 41.2 in fiscal 2022 as compared to 44.8 in fiscal 2021 and a 0.6 million increase in warehousing and freight expenses. The following table sets forth a year-over-year comparison of the
 Company s gross profit:

Change

(amounts in thousands)

January 28, 

 2023

January 29, 

 2022

Merchandise margin

52,893

64,410

(11,517

(17.9

of net revenue

41.2

44.8

(3.6

Fulfillment fees

(17,940

(21,655

3,715

17.2

Warehousing and freight

(10,563

(9,982

(581

(5.8

Gross profit

24,390

32,773

(8,383

(25.6

of net revenue

19.0

22.8

19 

S elling, General and Administrative Expenses. The following table sets forth a
 year-over-year comparison of the Company s SG A expenses: 

Change

(amounts in thousands)

January 28, 

 2023

January 29, 

 2022

Selling expenses

18,427

20,794

(2,367

(11.3

General and administrative expenses

20,154 

19,501

653 

3.3 

Depreciation and amortization expenses

1,233

2,096

(863

(41.2

Total SG A expenses

39,814

42,391

(2,577

(8.0

As a of total revenue

31.0

29.5

SG A expenses decreased 2.6 million, or 6.1 , primarily due to an 11.3 reduction in in Selling expenses. The decline in Selling expenses was attributable to the decline in Net revenue.
 General and administrative expenses increased 0.7 million.

SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenue increased to 30.4 as compared to 29.5 in fiscal 2021. The increase in the rate as a percentage of net revenue was primarily due to lost leverage
 on the general and administrative expenses.

Depreciation and amortization expense. Consolidated depreciation and amortization expense for fiscal 2022 was 1.2 million as compared to 2.1 million in fiscal
 2021.

Interest Expense. Interest expense in fiscal 2022 was 3.6 million, compared to interest expense of 1.9 million in fiscal 2021. The increase in interest
 expense was attributable to higher average borrowings on the Credit Facility and the Additional Subordinated Debt.

Income Tax Expense. The following table sets forth a year-over-year comparison of the Company s income tax expense:

(amounts in thousands)

Change

January 28,

 2023

January 29,

 2022

Income tax expense

43

27

16

Effective tax rate

0.2

0.3

-

The fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 income tax expense includes state taxes.

20 

Net Loss. The following table sets forth a year-over-year comparison of the Company s net loss:

(amounts in thousands)

Change

January 28,

 2023

January 29,

 2022

Net loss

(19,044

(8,031

(11,013

Net loss as a percentage of Net revenue

(14.9

(5.6

(9.3

Net loss was 19.0 million for fiscal 2022, compared to 8.0 million for fiscal 2021. The increase in net loss was primarily due to lower net revenue and a lower gross margin rate.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Liquidity and Cash Flows:

The consolidated financial statements for the year ended January 28, 2023 were prepared on the basis of a going concern which contemplates that the Company will be able to realize assets and
 satisfy liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The ability of the Company to meet its liabilities and to continue as a going concern is dependent on improved profitability, the continued implementation of the strategic
 initiative to reposition the Company as a platform of software and services and the availability of future funding.

The audited consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.

The Company incurred net losses of 19.0 million and 8.0 million for the fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively, and has an accumulated deficit of 139.9 million as of January 28, 2023. In
 addition, net cash used in operating activities during fiscal 2022 was 11.3 million. Net cash used in operating activities during fiscal 2021 was 14.5 million.

There can be no assurance that we will be successful in further implementing our business strategy or that the strategy, including the completed initiatives, will be successful in sustaining
 acceptable levels of sales growth and profitability. Based on recurring losses from operations, negative cash flows from operations, the expectation of continuing operating losses for the foreseeable future, and uncertainty with respect to any
 available future funding, the Company has concluded that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
 uncertainty.

The Company s primary sources of liquidity are its borrowing capacity under its Credit Facility, available cash and cash equivalents, and to a lesser extent, cash generated from operations. Our
 cash requirements relate primarily to working capital needed to operate Kaspien, including funding operating expenses, the purchase of inventory and capital expenditures. Our ability to achieve profitability and meet future liquidity needs and
 capital requirements will depend upon numerous factors, including the timing and amount of our revenue; the timing and amount of our operating expenses; the timing and costs of working capital needs; and successful implementation of our strategy
 and planned activities.

On March 18, 2021, the Company closed an underwritten offering of 416,600 shares of common stock of the Company, at a price to the public of 32.50 per share. The gross proceeds of the offering
 were approximately 13.5 million, prior to deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. The Company used the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including working capital to implement
 its strategic plans focused on brand acquisition, investments in technology to enhance its scalable platform and its core retail business.

21 

On March 2, 2022, the Company amended its subordinated loan pursuant to which the lenders made an additional 5.0 million secured term loan with a scheduled maturity date of March 31, 2024, which is the same maturity
 date as the existing loans under the Subordinated Loan Agreement.

On July 12, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the PIPE Purchase Agreement with a single institutional investor for a private placement offering Private
 Placement of the Company s common stock (the Common Stock or pre-funded warrants, with each pre-funded warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants and warrants exercisable for one share of Common Stock (the
 Investor Warrants ). Pursuant to the PIPE Purchase Agreement, the Company issued and sold 1,818,182 shares (the Shares of its Common Stock or Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu thereof together with Investor Warrants to purchase up to 2,457,160 shares
 of Common Stock. Each share of Common Stock and accompanying Investor Warrant were sold together at a combined offering price of 3.30 per share.

The Pre-Funded Warrants have been exercised in full, at a nominal exercise price of 0.001.

The Investor Warrants have an exercise price of 3.13 per share (subject to adjustment as set forth in the warrant), are exercisable upon issuance and will expire five years from the date of
 issuance. The Investor Warrants contain standard adjustments to the exercise price including for stock splits, stock dividend, rights offerings and pro rata distributions.

The Private Placement closed on July 14, 2022. The Company received approximately 6 million in gross proceeds from the Private Placement, before deducting discounts and commissions and estimated
 offering expenses. The Company used the net proceeds from the private placement for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

On July 12, 2022, the Company also entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Registered Purchase Agreement with a single institutional investor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to
 issue and sell 638,978 shares (the Registered Shares of its Common Stock or Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu thereof, with each Pre-Funded Warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock (the Offering ). The Company received approximately 2
 million in gross proceeds from the Offering, before deducting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. The Company used the net proceeds from the private placement for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

In addition to the aforementioned current sources of existing working capital, the Company is continuing its efforts to generate additional sales and increase margins. There can be no assurance
 that any of the initiatives or strategic alternatives will be implemented, successful or consummated.

The following table sets forth a two-year summary of key components of cash flow and working capital:

(amounts in thousands)

2022

2021

2022 vs.

 2021

Operating Cash Flows

(11,282

(14,534

3,252

Investing Cash Flows

(898

(1,431

533

Financing Cash Flows

10,983

14,233

(3,250

Capital Expenditures

(898

(1,431

533

End of Period Balances:

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash

(1) 

3,626

4,823

(1,197

Merchandise Inventory

26,704

29,277

(2,573

Working Capital

12,533

16,334

(3,801

(1) 

Cash and cash equivalents per Consolidated Balance Sheets

1,130

1,218

(88

Add: Restricted cash

2,496

3,605

(1,109

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash

3,626

4,823

(1,197

22 

During fiscal 2022, cash used in operations was 11.3 million compared to 14.5 million in fiscal 2021. During 2022, cash used in operations consisted primarily of a net loss of 18.8 million,
 partially offset by a 2.6 million reduction in inventory and a 0.8 million increase in accounts payable. During 2021, cash used in operations consisted primarily of a net loss of 8.0 million, an increase of 4.8 million in inventory and the
 payment of 2.6 million in accounts payable. See the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for further detail.

The Company monitors various statistics to measure its management of inventory, including inventory turnover (annual cost of sales divided by average merchandise inventory balances), and accounts
 payable leverage (accounts payable divided by merchandise inventory). Inventory turnover measures the Company s ability to sell merchandise and how many times it is replaced in a year. This ratio is important in determining the need for markdowns
 and planning future inventory levels and assessing customer response to our merchandise. Inventory turnover in fiscal 2022 and in fiscal 2021 was 3.7 and 4.0, respectively. Accounts payable leverage measures the percentage of inventory being
 funded by the Company s product vendors. The percentage is important in determining the Company s ability to fund its business. Accounts payable leverage on inventory for Kaspien was 26.4 as of January 28, 2023 compared with 20.7 as of January
 29, 2022.

Cash used in investing activities was 0.9 million in fiscal 2022, compared to 1.4 million in fiscal 2021. During fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, cash used in investing activities consisted
 entirely of capital expenditures.

The Company has historically financed its capital expenditures through borrowings under its revolving credit facility and cash flow from operations. The Company anticipates capital spending of
 approximately 1.0 million in fiscal 2023.

Cash provided by financing activities was 11.0 million in fiscal 2022, compared to 14.2 million in fiscal 2021. In fiscal 2022, the primary source of cash was 5.0 million raised from the
 issuance of subordinated debt and 7.1 million from the Private Placement and Registered Shares offerings partially offset by the payment of short-term borrowings of 1.2 million. In fiscal 2021, the primary source of cash was 12.2 million raised
 from the underwritten offering of common stock of the Company. Additional sources of cash included the 10.0 million in proceeds from short term borrowings. The Company used 6.3 million of the proceeds to pay down its Credit Facility.

Related Party Transactions.

Directors Jonathan Marcus, Thomas Simpson, and Michael Reickert are the chief executive officer of Alimco Re Ltd. Alimco ), the managing member of Kick-Start III, LLC and Kick-Start IV, LLC
 Kick-Start ), and a trustee of the Robert J. Higgins TWMC Trust (the Trust ), an affiliate of RJHDC, LLC RJHDC and together with Alimco and Kick-Start, Related Party Entities ), respectively. The Related Party Entities are parties to the
 following agreements with the Company entered into on March 30, 2020:

Subordinated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended), pursuant to which the Related Party Entities made a 5.2 million secured term loan 2.7 million from Alimco, 0.5 million from
 Kick-Start, and 2.0 million from RJHDC) to Kaspien with a scheduled maturity date of March 31, 2024, interest accruing at the rate of twelve percent (12 per annum and compounded on the last day of each calendar quarter by becoming a part
 of the principal amount, and secured by a second priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company and Kaspien;

Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants ), pursuant to which the Company issued warrants to purchase up to 244,532 shares of Common Stock to the Related Party Entities (127,208 shares for Alimco, 23,401 shares
 for Kick-Start, and 93,923 shares for RJHDC), subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, at an exercise price of 0.01 per share. As of April 28, 2023, 236,993 of the Warrants had been exercised by the Related
 Party Entities and 5,126 warrants remained outstanding;

23 

Contingent Value Rights Agreement (the CVR Agreement ), pursuant to which the Related Party Entities received contingent value rights CVRs representing the contractual right to receive cash payments from the
 Company in an amount equal, in the aggregate, to 19.9 of the proceeds (10.35 for Alimco, 1.90 for Kick-Start, and 7.64 for RJHDC) received by the Company in respect of certain intercompany indebtedness owing to it by Kaspien and/or its
 equity interest in Kaspien; and

Voting Agreement (the Voting Agreement ), pursuant to which the Related Party Entities, the Trust, Mr. Simpson and their respective related entities agreed to how their respective shares of the Company s capital
 stock held by the parties will be voted with respect to the designation, election, removal, and replacement of members of the Board of Directors of the Company. On August 2, 2022, the parties entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Voting
 Agreement setting forth their agreements and understandings with respect to how shares of the Company s capital stock held by the parties thereto will be voted with respect to (i) amending the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company to
 set the size of the Board of Directors of the Company at four directors and (ii) the designation, election, removal, and replacement of members of the Board.

On March 2, 2022, the Company entered into the following agreements with certain of the Related Parties:

An amendment to the Subordinated Loan and Security Agreement, pursuant to which Alimco made an additional 5,000,000.00 secured term loan (the Additional Subordinated Loan with a
 scheduled maturity date of March 31, 2024, interest accruing at the rate fifteen percent (15.0 per annum, compounded on the last day of each calendar quarter by becoming a part of the principal amount of the Additional Subordinated
 Loan, and secured by a second priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company and Kaspien;

Common Stock Purchase Warrant Alimco Warrant ), pursuant to which the Company issued warrants to purchase up to 320,000 shares of Common Stock to Alimco, subject to adjustment in
 accordance with the terms of the Alimco Warrant, at an exercise price of 0.01 per share. All such warrants were outstanding as of April 28, 2023;

Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to which Alimco has been granted customary demand and piggyback registration rights with respect to the Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of
 the Alimco Warrant; and

Contingent Value Rights Agreement (the Second CVR Agreement pursuant to which Alimco received additional contingent value rights Additional CVRs representing the contractual
 right to receive cash payments from the Company in an amount equal, in the aggregate, to 9.0 of the proceeds received by the Company in respect of certain distributions by the Company or Kaspien; recapitalizations or financings of the
 Company or Kaspien (with appropriate carve out for trade financing in the ordinary course); repayment of intercompany indebtedness owing to the Company by Kaspien; or sale or transfer of any stock of the Company or Kaspien.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires that management apply accounting policies
 and make estimates and assumptions that affect results of operations and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and other factors that are
 believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report includes a summary of the
 significant accounting policies and methods used by the Company in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. Management believes that of the Company s significant accounting policies and estimates, the following involve a higher
 degree of judgment or complexity:

Merchandise Inventory and Return Costs . Merchandise inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value under the average cost method. Inventory
 valuation requires significant judgment and estimates, including obsolescence and any adjustments to net realizable value, if net realizable value is lower than cost. For all merchandise categories, the Company records obsolescence and any
 adjustments to net realizable value (if lower than cost) based on current and anticipated demand, customer preferences, and market conditions.

24 

Long-Lived Assets other than Goodwill: Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
 amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset over its remaining
 useful life. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Fair value is generally
 measured based on discounted estimated future cash flows. Assets to be disposed of would be separately presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less disposition costs. As of January
 28, 2023, for the purposes of the asset impairment test, the Company has one asset grouping.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements.

The information set forth above may be found under Notes to Consolidated Statements, Note 2.

Item 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Not required under the requirements of a Smaller Reporting Company.

Item 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The Exhibits and financial statement schedules to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements are included in Item 15, and the Consolidated Financial Statements follow the signature page to
 this report and are incorporated herein by reference.

The quarterly results of operations are included herein in Note 13 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report.

Item 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

Item 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and
 Procedures: Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
 procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer
 concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of January 28, 2023, due to a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, as discussed below under Management s Report on Internal Control
 Over Financial Reporting.

Notwithstanding the material weakness described under Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, our management has concluded
 that our consolidated financial statements for the periods covered by and included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP and fairly present, in
 all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for each of the periods presented herein.

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting: Management

is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f) under the Exchange Act, as amended). Under the supervision and with the participation of the
 Company s management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework set forth by the Committee of
 Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on our evaluation under the framework
 in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of
 January 28, 2023 because of the material weakness described below.

During the year ended January 28, 2023, the Company did not perform adequate independent reviews and maintain effective controls related to account
 analyses, account summaries and account reconciliations prepared in the areas of inventory and related inventory reserves, cost of sales and certain other accounts.

During 2023, we will improve the preparation and review of account reconciliations by developing specific procedures to monitor and evaluate key
 accounts. Additionally, we will provide additional training to our personnel to strengthen their GAAP knowledge and ability to identify potential errors in the underlying business processes. To address inventory valuation, we are in the process of
 (i) hiring and training additional experienced accounting resources, (ii) enhancing reporting capabilities, and (iii) continuing to review and assess all inventory-related internal controls. We are committed to remediating the material weakness and
 anticipate that the material weakness will be remediated by the end of 2023. We do not anticipate incurring substantial costs in connection with these remediation efforts.

25 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting: Aside
 from the material weakness described above under Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, as of January 28, 2023, there have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
 fiscal 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION

No events have occurred which would require disclosure under this Item 9B.

Item 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

PART III

Item 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information to be included in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation
 14A with the SEC within 120 days after the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, which information is incorporated by reference.

Item 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information to be included in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation
 14A with the SEC within 120 days after the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, which information is incorporated by reference.

Item 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

Certain information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information to be included in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to
 Regulation 14A with the SEC within 120 days after the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, which information is incorporated by reference.

Item 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information to be included in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation
 14A with the SEC within 120 days after the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, which information is incorporated by reference.

Item 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information to be included in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation
 14A with the SEC within 120 days after the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, which information is incorporated by reference.

PART IV

Item 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

15(a) (1) Financial Statements 

The Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes are listed in the Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this report.

26 

15(a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules 

Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules not filed herein have been omitted as they are not applicable or the required information or equivalent information has been included in the
 Consolidated Financial Statements or the notes thereto.

15(a) (3) Exhibits 

Exhibits are as set forth in the Index to Exhibits which follows the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and immediately precedes the exhibits filed.

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

None.

27 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
 duly authorized.

KASPIEN HOLDINGS INC.

Date: April 28, 2023

By: /s/ Brock Kowalchuk

Brock Kowalchuk

 Principal Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
 indicated.

Name

Title

Date

/s/ Brock Kowalchuk 

April 28, 2023

(Brock Kowalchuk)

Principal Executive Officer

/s/ Edwin Sapienza 

Chief Financial Officer

April 28, 2023

(Edwin Sapienza)

(Principal Financial and Chief Accounting Officer)

/s/ Mark Holliday 

Director

April 28, 2023

(Mark Holliday)

/s/ Jonathan Marcus 

(Jonathan Marcus)

Director

April 28, 2023

/s/ Michael Reickert 

(Michael Reickert)

Director

April 28, 2023

/s/ Tom Simpson 

(Tom Simpson)

Director

April 28, 2023

28 

KASPIEN HOLDINGS INC.

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Form 10-K

 Page No.

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. 5525 

30 

Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022 

32 

Consolidated Statements of Operations - fiscal years ended January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022 

33 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss - fiscal years ended January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022 

34 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) - fiscal years ended January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022 

35 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - fiscal years ended January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022 

36

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

38 

29 

Index 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Kaspien Holdings, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Kaspien Holdings, Inc. the Company as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively, and
 the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the fiscal years ended January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
 the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
 for each of the fiscal years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial
 statements, the Company has experienced negative cash flows from operations and expects continued losses into 2023. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
 in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based
 on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws
 and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
 whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our
 audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we
 express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
 procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
 significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
 communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit
 matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or
 disclosures to which they relate.

30 

Index 

Valuation of Inventory Costs and Reserves 

Description of the Critical Audit Matter

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company periodically assess and estimates its allowances and reserves for stagnant,
 unfulfillable, or obsolete inventory based on current and anticipated demand, customer preference, or market conditions. As also discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the cost of inventory includes certain costs associated with
 preparation of inventory for resale, including inbound freight and handling costs. The recognition and evaluation of inventory costs and reserves involves significant complexity and judgment in applying the relevant accounting standards when
 auditing management s estimates and conclusions with regard to inventory balances . 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our principal audit procedures to evaluate management s calculation of
 capitalized inventory costs and reserves included, among other procedures, the following:

We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management's methods and assumptions used in the identification, recognition, and measurement of the
 inventory costs and reserves in considering applicable generally accepted accounting principles, including the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in developing those assumptions. 

We tested the significant inputs, sampled underlying transactions, and analyzed historical trends and timing of receipts associated with management s reserve
 estimates and recognition of inbound costs and inventory in-transit.

We evaluated whether management had appropriately considered new information that could significantly change the measurement or disclosure of the inventory
 valuation, and evaluated the disclosures related to the financial statement impacts of those transactions.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020.

April 28, 2023

31 

Index 

KASPIEN HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

(in thousands, except per share and share amounts)

January 28,

 2023 

January 29,

 2022 

ASSETS

CURRENT ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents

Restricted cash

Accounts receivable

Merchandise inventory

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total current assets

Restricted cash

Fixed assets, net

Operating lease right-of-use assets

Cash surrender value

Other assets

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILITIES

CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accounts payable

Short-term borrowings

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities

Current portion of operating lease liabilities

Total current liabilities

Operating lease liabilities

Long-term debt

Other long-term liabilities

TOTAL LIABILITIES

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Preferred stock par value; shares authorized; 
 issued)

Common stock par value; shares authorized; 
 shares and shares issued, respectively)

Additional paid-in capital

Treasury stock at cost shares and shares, respectively)

Accumulated other comprehensive gain (loss)

Accumulated deficit

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

32 

Index 

KASPIEN HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 OPERATIONS 

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

Fiscal Year Ended

January 28,

 2023 

January 29,

 2022 

Net revenue

Cost of sales

Gross profit

Selling, general and administrative expenses

Loss from continuing operations

Interest expense

Other income 

Loss from operations before income tax 

Income tax expense

Net loss

Basic and diluted loss per share

Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic and diluted

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

33 

Index 

KASPIEN HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

(in thousands)

Fiscal Year Ended

January 28,

 2023 

January 29,

 2022 

Net loss

Pension actuarial gain adjustment

Comprehensive loss

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

34 

Index 

KASPIEN HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

(dollars and shares in thousands)

Common

 Shares

Treasury

 Shares

Common

 Stock

Additional

 Paid-in

 Capital

Treasury

 Stock

 At Cost

Accumulated

 Other

 Comprehensive

 Gain (Loss)

Retained

 Earnings

 (Accumulated

 Deficit)

Shareholders 

 Equity (Deficit) 

Balance as of January 30, 2021 

Net Loss

-

-

Pension actuarial gain adjustment

-

-

Exercise of warrants

Common stock issued- Director grants

Exercise of stock options

Amortization of unearned compensation/restricted stock amortization

-

-

Issuance of shares, net of expense 

Balance as of January 29, 2022 

Net Loss 

- 

- 

Pension actuarial gain adjustment

- 

- 

Exercise of warrants 

Common stock issued- Director grants

Issuance of warrants 

- 

- 

Amortization of unearned compensation/restricted stock amortization

- 

- 

Vested restricted shares 

Issuance of shares, net of expense 

Balance as of January 28, 2023 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

35 

Index 

KASPIEN HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 CASH FLOWS 

(in thousands)

Fiscal Year Ended

January 28,

 2023 

January 29,

 2022 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Net loss

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:

Depreciation of fixed assets

Amortization of intangible assets

Amortization of right-of-use asset

Stock based compensation

Warrant proceeds amortization to interest

Interest on long term debt

Forgiveness of PPP loan 

Change in cash surrender value

Changes in operating assets and liabilities that provide (use) cash:

Accounts receivable

Merchandise inventory

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Other long-term assets

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities

Other long-term liabilities

Net cash used in operating activities

INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Purchases of fixed assets

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Payments of (proceeds from) long term borrowings

Payments of (proceeds from) PPP Loan

Proceeds from short term borrowings

Payments of short-term borrowings

Proceeds from stock offering

Exercise of stock options

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year

Supplemental disclosures and non-cash investing and financing activities:

Interest paid

Warrants issued with debt 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

36 

Index 

Index to
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note Number and Description 

Note 

 No.

Pages

 No

1.

Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

38

2.

Recently Adopted and Issued Accounting Pronouncements

43 

3.

Other Intangible Assets

44 

4.

Fixed Assets

45

5.

Restricted Cash

45

6.

Debt

46

7.

Leases

48

8.

Shareholders Equity

48

9.

Benefit Plans

49

10.

Income Taxes

54

11.

Related Party Transactions

55 

12.

Commitments and Contingencies

56 

13.

Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)

58

37 

Index 

KASPIEN HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

million and million for the years ended January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively, and has an accumulated deficit of million as of January 28, 2023. 

million, net working capital of million, and outstanding borrowings of million on our
 revolving credit facility, as further discussed below. This compares to million in cash and cash equivalents and net working
 capital of million and borrowings of million on our revolving credit facility as of January 29, 2022.

million in loans under a , secured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility ). 

38 

Index 

to .

, and the early termination fees have been accordingly reset; (ii) the LIBOR floor has been reduced to ; (iii) up to of
 acquisitions are now allowed without Eclipse s consent, subject to satisfaction of various conditions, including the Company having a trailing fixed charge coverage ratio of x and Excess Availability greater than the greater of (x) of the average Borrowing Base for each 
 day period immediately prior to, and pro forma for, the purchase and (y) .

million of the Credit Facility may be used for the making of swing line loans. 

million under the Credit Facility. Peak borrowings under the Credit Facility during fiscal 2022 were million. As of January 28,
 2023, the Company had outstanding letters of credit. The Company had million available for borrowing under the Credit Facility as of January 28, 2023. 

million secured term loan (the Subordinated Loan to Kaspien. Pursuant to an
 amendment to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, there is a scheduled maturity date of . As of January 28, 2023, unamortized
 debt issuance costs of million are included in Long-Term Debt on the consolidated balance sheet.

secured term loan (the Additional Subordinated Loan with a scheduled maturity date of , which is the same maturity
 date as the existing loans under the Subordinated Loan Agreement.

 per annum, compounded on the last day of
 each calendar quarter by becoming a part of the principal amount of the Additional Subordinated Loan. 

39 

Index 

million (the PPP Loan pursuant to the Paycheck
 Protection Program PPP under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ). On June 15, 2021, the Small Business Administration SBA approved the Company s application for forgiveness of the PPP Loan. The amount of
 the forgiveness was million in principal and interest, which was the amount requested in the forgiveness application and was
 less than the original principal balance due. Following the grant of forgiveness, an outstanding balance of was paid during
 fiscal 2021. 

partner that represented of net revenue in fiscal 2022. 

40 

Index 

million for doubtful accounts. 

million. The cost of inventory also includes certain costs associated with the preparation of inventory for resale, including distribution center
 costs and freight. As of January 28, 2023, the Company had recorded capitalized freight of million.

Leasehold improvements

Technology

- 

asset grouping, which is the same as the Kaspien
 reporting unit level.

41 

Index 

million and million in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021,
 respectively. 

and , respectively. 

42 

Index 

43 

Index 

Trade names and trademarks

Net amortized intangible assets

44 

Index 

Fixtures and equipment

Leasehold improvements

Total fixed assets

Allowances for depreciation and amortization

Fixed assets, net

million and million,
 respectively.

million and million, respectively.

million rabbi trust that resulted from the death of the Company s former Chairman, of which 
 million was classified as restricted cash in current assets and million was classified as restricted cash as a long-term asset.

million rabbi trust, that resulted from the death of the Company s former Chairman, of which 
 million was classified as restricted cash in current assets and million was classified as restricted cash as a long-term asset.

Restricted cash

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

45 

Index 

million in loans under a ,
 secured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility ). 

to .

, and the early
 termination fees have been accordingly reset; (ii) the LIBOR floor has been reduced to ; (iii) up to of acquisitions are now allowed without Eclipse s consent, subject to satisfaction of various conditions, including the Company having a
 trailing fixed charge coverage ratio of x and Excess Availability greater than the greater of (x) of the
 average Borrowing Base for each day period immediately prior to, and pro forma for, the purchase and (y) .

million of the Credit Facility may be used for the making of swing line loans.

million under the Credit Facility. Peak borrowings under the Credit Facility during fiscal 2022 were million. As of January 28, 2023, the Company had outstanding
 letters of credit. The Company had million available for borrowing under the Credit Facility as of January 28, 2023.

million secured term loan (the
 Subordinated Loan to Kaspien. Pursuant to an amendment to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, there is a scheduled maturity date of .
 As of January 28, 2023, unamortized debt issuance costs of million are included in Long-Term Debt on the consolidated balance
 sheet.

46 

Index 

shares of Common Stock to the Related Party Entities shares for Alimco, shares for Kick-Start, and shares for RJHDC),
 subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, at an exercise price of per share. As of January 28, 2023,
 warrants remain outstanding. The value of the warrants of million was allocated against the principal proceeds of the Subordinated Debt Agreement, 
 million of which was unamortized as of January 28, 2023.

secured term loan (the Additional Subordinated
 Loan with a scheduled maturity date of , which is the same maturity date as the existing loans under the
 Subordinated Loan Agreement.

 per annum, compounded on the last day of each calendar quarter by becoming a part of the principal amount of the Additional Subordinated Loan.

shares of common stock of the Company (subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, the Warrant Shares at an exercise price of per share. The Warrants are exercisable during the period commencing on March 2, 2022 and ending on the earlier of (a) 5:00 p.m. Eastern
 Standard Time on the five (5)-year anniversary thereof, or if such day is not a business day on the next succeeding business day, or (b) the occurrence of certain consolidations, mergers or similar extraordinary events involving the Company. As
 of January 28, 2023, all of the warrants remain outstanding. The value of the warrants of million was allocated against the
 principal proceeds of the Subordinated Debt Agreement, of which million was unamortized as of January 28, 2023. The value of the
 warrants was recognized as a discount based on the relative fair value of the consideration received, as an offset to APIC, which will be amortized over the life of the loan.

million (the PPP Loan pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program PPP under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ). On June 15, 2021, the Small Business Administration SBA approved the Company s application
 for forgiveness of the PPP Loan. The amount of the forgiveness was million in principal and interest, which was the amount requested
 in the forgiveness application and was less than the original principal balance due of million. Following the grant of forgiveness,
 an outstanding balance of was paid during fiscal 2021.

47 

Index 

million, and did t record any contingent rentals.

2024 

2025 

Thereafter

Total lease payments

Less: amounts representing interest

Present value of lease liabilities

Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases

2024 

2025 

Thereafter

Total minimum lease payments

treasury
 stock repurchases during fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021. 

and shares were issued to Directors and employees, respectively. During fiscal 2021, warrants related to the Subordinated Loan and Security Agreement were exercised for proceeds of .

48 

Index 

shares of common stock of the Company, at a price to the public of 
 per share. The gross proceeds of the offering were approximately million, prior to deducting underwriting discounts and
 commissions and estimated offering expenses.

share of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants and warrants exercisable for share of Common Stock (the Investor Warrants ). Pursuant to the PIPE Purchase Agreement, the Company issued and sold shares (the Shares of its Common Stock or Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu thereof together with Investor Warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock. Each share of Common Stock and accompanying Investor Warrant was sold together at a combined offering price of per share.

per share (subject to adjustment as set forth in the warrant), are exercisable upon issuance and will expire from the date of issuance. The Investor Warrants contain standard adjustments to the exercise price including for stock splits, stock dividend, rights offerings and pro rata
 distributions.

shares (the
 Registered Shares of its Common Stock or Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu thereof, with each Pre-Funded Warrant exercisable for 
 share of Common Stock (the Offering ).

million, were approximately million. The Company used the net proceeds for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

Granted

Exercised

Balance January 29, 2022

Granted

- 

Exercised

- 

Balance January 28, 2023

- 

cash dividends were paid in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021. 

of the first of employee contributions after completing one year of service. Participants are immediately vested in their voluntary contributions plus actual earnings thereon. Participant vesting of
 the Company s matching contribution is based on the years of service completed by the participant. Participants are fully vested upon the completion of of service. All participant forfeitures of non-vested benefits are used to reduce the Company s contributions or fees in future years.

and in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively.

49 

Index 

million of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock option awards expected to be recognized as expense over a weighted average period of 
 years and million of unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted share awards expected to be recognized as expense over a
 weighted average period of years. Total compensation expense related to stock awards recognized in fiscal 2022 was million. Total compensation expense related to stock awards recognized in fiscal 2021 was million.

employee stock award plans, the 2005 Long Term Incentive and Share Award Plan, the Amended and Restated 2005 Long Term Incentive and Share Award Plan, the 2005 Long Term Incentive and Share Award Plan (as amended and restated April 5, 2017 (the Old Plans and Kaspien Holdings Inc.
 2005 Long Term Incentive and Share Award Plan (as amended and restated on August 2, 2022) (the New Plan ). Collectively, these plans are referred to herein as the Stock Award Plans. The Company no longer issues stock options under the Old
 Plans.

. As of January 28, 2023, of the awards authorized for issuance under the Stock Award Plans, approximately were granted and are outstanding, of which were vested and
 exercisable. Shares available for future grants of options and other share-based awards under the New Plan as of January 28, 2023 were .

Expected stock price volatility

- 

- 

Risk-free interest rate

- 

- 

Expected award life (in years)

- 

- 

Weighted average fair value per share of awards granted during the year

50 

Index 

- 

Granted

- 

Cancelled/Forfeited

- 

Exercised

Balance January 29, 2022 

- 

Granted

- 

Cancelled/Forfeited

- 

Exercised

Balance January 28, 2023 

- 

as of January 28, 2023 was 
 and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value represents the value which would have been received by the award holders had all
 award holders under the Stock Award Plans exercised their awards as of that date.

million and million,
 respectively. The accrued pension liability for both plans was approximately million and million as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively, and is recorded within other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The accumulated
 benefit obligation for both plans was million and million as of the fiscal years ended January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively.

51 

Index 

Service cost

Interest cost

Actuarial gain 

Benefits paid

Benefit obligation at end of year

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

Funded status

Unrecognized net actuarial loss 

Accrued benefit cost

Long term liability

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Net amount recognized

Interest cost 

Amortization of actuarial net gain

Net periodic benefit cost

Net actuarial (gain) loss arising during the period

Income tax effect

Total recognized in other comprehensive loss

Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive loss

52 

Index 

Other actuarial adjustments

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Tax expense

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Salary increase rate

Measurement date

Jan 31, 2023 

Jan 31, 2022 

Salary increase rate

N/A

N/A

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 2032

53 

Index 

State - current

Deferred

Income tax (benefit) expense

State income taxes, net of federal tax effect

Change in Valuation Allowance

Cash surrender value - insurance / benefit program

Other

Effective tax rate

Inventory

Retirement and compensation related accruals

Federal and state net operating loss and credit carry forwards

Losses on investment

Others

Gross deferred tax assets before valuation allowance

Less: valuation allowance

Total deferred tax assets

DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES

Fixed assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities

NET DEFERRED TAX ASSET

54 

Index 

million for federal income tax purposes which will expire at various times throughout 
 with a portion being available indefinitely. The Company has approximately million of net operating loss carryforward for state
 income tax purposes as of the end of fiscal 2022 that expire at various times through and are subject to certain limitations and
 statutory expiration periods. The state net operating loss carryforwards are subject to various business apportionment factors and multiple jurisdictional requirements when utilized. The Company has federal tax credit carryforwards of million which will expire in .
 The Company has state tax credit carryforwards of million.

million from million as of January 29, 2022. Management will continue to assess the valuation allowance against the gross deferred assets. 

Decreases in tax positions from prior years

Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year

million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, which would impact the Company s effective tax rate if recognized. While it is reasonably possible that
 the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will increase or decrease within the next twelve months, the Company does not expect the change to have a significant impact on its results of operations or financial position. The Company is subject to U.S.
 federal income tax as well as income tax of multiple state jurisdictions. The Company has substantially concluded all federal income tax matters and all material state and local income tax matters through fiscal 2013.

million secured term loan million from Alimco, million from Kick-Start, and 
 million from RJHDC) to Kaspien with a scheduled maturity date of , interest accruing at the rate of percent per annum
 and compounded on the last day of each calendar quarter by becoming a part of the principal amount, and secured by a second priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company and Kaspien;

shares of Common Stock to the Related Party Entities 
 shares for Alimco, shares for Kick-Start, and shares for RJHDC), subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, at an exercise price of per share. As of April 28, 2023, of the
 Warrants had been exercised by the Related Party Entities and warrants remained outstanding;

55 

Index 

of the proceeds for Alimco, for
 Kick-Start, and for RJHDC) received by the Company in respect of certain intercompany indebtedness owing to it by Kaspien
 and/or its equity interest in Kaspien; and

secured
 term loan (the Additional Subordinated Loan with a scheduled maturity date of , interest accruing at the
 rate fifteen percent per annum, compounded on the last day of each calendar quarter by becoming a part of the
 principal amount of the Additional Subordinated Loan, and secured by a second priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company and Kaspien;

shares of
 Common Stock to Alimco, subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Alimco Warrant, at an exercise price of 
 per share. All such warrants were outstanding as of April 28, 2023;

of the proceeds received by the Company in respect of certain distributions by the Company
 or Kaspien; recapitalizations or financings of the Company or Kaspien (with appropriate carve out for trade financing in the ordinary course); repayment of intercompany indebtedness owing to the Company by Kaspien; or sale or transfer
 of any stock of the Company or Kaspien.

56 

Index 

of products. In total, Vijuve appears to be seeking more than in damages. Kaspien denies that it breached the agreement and denies that it has any liability to Vijuve. Moreover, on July 19, 2021,
 Kaspien filed counterclaims and alleged that Vijuve breached the contract, including by refusing to buy back inventory from Kaspien upon termination of the Retailer Agreement. On July 18, 2022, Kaspien filed additional counterclaims against
 Vijuve for fraud and negligent misrepresentation. Kaspien is seeking at least from Vijuve for breach of contract and/or
 specific performance, as well as fraud and negligent misrepresentation. A trial on all of the parties claims is scheduled for September 18, 2023. 

of the proceeds for Alimco, for Kick-Start, and for
 RJHDC) received by the Company in respect of certain intercompany indebtedness owing to it by Kaspien and/or its equity interest in Kaspien. The Company does not anticipate these contingencies being met in Fiscal 2022.

of the proceeds received by the Company in respect of certain distributions by the Company or Kaspien; recapitalizations or financings of the
 Company or Kaspien (with appropriate carve out for trade financing in the ordinary course); repayment of intercompany indebtedness owing to the Company by Kaspien; or sale or transfer of any stock of the Company or Kaspien.

57 

Index 

Gross profit

Net loss

Basic and diluted loss per share

Gross profit

Net income (loss)

Diluted income (loss) per share

million in other income related to an insurance settlement. 

million in income related to the forgiveness of the PPP Loan. 

58 

Index 

Index to Exhibits 

Document Number and Description 

Exhibit No.

1.1 

Underwriting Agreement, dated March 16, 2021, by and between Kaspien Holdings Inc. and Aegis Capital Corp. - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Form 8-K
 filed on March 16, 2021. Commission File No. 0-14818.

2.1 

Asset Purchase Agreement by and among Record Town, Inc., Record Town USA LLC, Record Town Utah LLC, Trans World FL LLC, Trans World New York, LLC, Kaspien Holdings Inc., 2428392 Inc.,
 and 2428391 Ontario Inc, o/a Sunrise Records, dated as of January 23, 2020 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2020. Commission File No. 0-14818.

2.2 

Amendment No. 1 to Asset Purchase Agreement by and among Record Town, Inc., Record Town USA LLC, Record Town Utah LLC, Trans World FL LLC, Trans World New York, LLC, Kaspien Holdings
 Inc., 2428392 Inc., and 2428391 Ontario Inc, o/a Sunrise Records, dated as of February 20, 2020 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 20, 2020. Commission File No. 0-14818.

3.1

Restated Certificate of Incorporation incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 1994. Commission File No.
 0-14818.

3.2 

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
 October 29, 1994. Commission File No. 0-14818.

3.3 

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31,
 1998. Commission File No. 0-14818.

3.4 

Form of Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4, No. 333-75231.

3.5 

Form of Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4, No. 333-75231.

3.6 

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 15, 2000. Commission
 File No. 0-14818.

3.7 

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-A filed August 15, 2000.
 Commission File No. 0-14818.

3.8 

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed July 16, 2019. Commission File No.
 0-14818.

3.9 

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Trans World Entertainment Corporation, dated September 3, 2020 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
 Company s Form 8-K filed on September 3, 2020. Commission File No. 0-14818.

3.10 

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Kaspien Holdings Inc., dated March 8, 2022 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed
 on March 8, 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

59 

Index 

3.11 

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Kaspien Holdings Inc. incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

3.12 

Amended By-Laws incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2000. Commission File No. 0-14818.

3.13 

Amendment No. 1 to By-Laws incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed March 31, 2020. Commission File No. 0-14818.

3.14 

Amendment No. 2 to Bylaws of Kaspien Holdings Inc., dated September 3, 2020 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 3, 2020.
 Commission File No. 0-14818.

3.15 

Amendment No. 3 to Bylaws of Kaspien Holdings Inc., dated March 8, 2022 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2022. Commission
 File No. 0-14818.

3.16 

Amendment No. 4 to Bylaws of Kaspien Holdings Inc. incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

4.1 

Specimen of Kaspien Holdings Inc. Stock Certificate incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29,
 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

4.2 

Description of Kaspien Holdings Inc. Capital Stock.

4.3 

Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated March 8, 2022). Commission File No. 0-14818.

4.4 

Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of April 4, 2022 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed April 5, 2022.
 Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.1 

Loan and Security Agreement by and among Kaspien Inc. and Encina Business Credit, LLC, dated as of February 20, 2020 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Form 8-K filed February 20, 2020. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.2 

Amendment No. 1 to Loan and Security Agreement by and among Kaspien Inc. and Encina Business Credit, LLC, dated as of March 30, 2020 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 to the Company s Form 8-K filed March 31, 2020. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.3 

Amendment No. 2 to Loan and Security Agreement by and among Kaspien Inc. and Encina Business Credit, LLC, dated as of March 30, 2020 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 to the Company s Form 8-K filed April 8, 2021. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.4 

Amendment No. 3 to Loan and Security Agreement dated September 17, 2021 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed September 20, 2021. 
 Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.5 

Amendment No. 4 to Loan and Security Agreement incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed March 8, 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.6 

Amendment No. 5 to Loan and Security Agreement

10.7 

Subordinated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of March 30, 2020 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed March 31, 2020. Commission File
 No. 0-14818.

60 

Index 

10.8 

Amendment No. 1 to Subordinated Loan and Security Agreement dated September 17, 2021 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed September 20,
 2021. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.9 

Amendment No. 2 to Subordinated Loan and Security Agreement incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed March 8, 2022. Commission File No.
 0-14818.

10.10 

Contingent Value Rights Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2020 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed March 31, 2020. Commission File No.
 0-14818.

10.11 

Contingent Values Rights Agreement incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed March 8, 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.12 

Common Stock Purchase Warrants, dated as of March 30, 2020 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed March 31, 2020. Commission File No.
 0-14818.

10.13 

Voting Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2020 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed March 31, 2020. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.14 

Registration Rights Agreement incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed March 8, 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.15 

Form of Indemnification Agreement dated May 1, 1995 between the Company and its officers and directors incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 29, 1995. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.16 

Kaspien Holdings Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 16, 2012. Commission File
 No. 0-14818.

10.17 

Kaspien Holdings Inc. Bonus Plan incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to Kaspien Holdings Inc. s Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14A filed as of May 30, 2014. Commission File
 No. 0-14818.

10.18 

Kaspien Holdings Inc. 2005 Long Term Incentive and Share Award Plan (As Amended and Restated on August 2, 2022) incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K
 filed on August 2, 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.19 

Severance, Retention and Restrictive Covenant Agreement between the Company and Edwin J. Sapienza, dated February 26, 2019 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s
 Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2019. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.20 

Brock Kowalchuk Offer Letter dated as of March 28, 2022 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed April 1, 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.21 

Brock Kowalchuk Severance Agreement dated as of July 31, 2020 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed April 1, 2022. Commission File No.
 0-14818.

61 

Index 

10.22 

Amendment No. 1 to Voting Agreement incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.23 

Engagement Agreement dated July 11, 2022 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed July 14, 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.24 

Securities Purchase Agreement (PIPE), dated July 12, 2022, by and among the Company and the purchasers party hereto incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s
 Form 8-K filed July 14, 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.25 

Securities Purchase Agreement (Registered Offering), dated July 12, 2022, by and among the Company and the purchasers party thereto incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to
 the Company s Form 8-K filed July 14, 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.26 

Form of Investor Warrant (PIPE) incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed July 14, 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.27 

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (PIPE) incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 8-K filed July 14, 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.28 

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (Registered Offering) incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 8-K filed July 14, 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.29 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 12, 2022, by and among the Company and the purchasers party thereto incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form
 8-K filed July 14, 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

10.30 

Form of Lockup Agreement incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Form 8-K filed July 14, 2022. Commission File No. 0-14818.

21 

Significant Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

23 

Consent of Fruci Associates II, PLLC.

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer dated April 28, 2023, relating to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 28, 2023, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule
 15a-14(a).

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer dated April 28, 2023, relating to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 28, 2023, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or
 Rule 15a-14(a).

32 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Registrant, dated April 28, 2023, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 relating to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 28, 2023.

101.INS XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema

101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase

62 

Index 

101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase

101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase

101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

Filed herewith

63 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 brhc20051522_ex4-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.2

Exhibit 4.2

DESCRIPTION OF KASPIEN HOLDINGS INC. CAPITAL STOCK

AUTHORIZED CAPITAL STOCK

Kaspien s certificate of incorporation authorizes 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value .01 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value .01 per share.

COMMON STOCK

 Each outstanding share of Kaspien common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, including the election of directors. All shareholder action may be effected
 at a duly called meeting at which a quorum is present, except as otherwise provided by law. A majority of votes cast by shareholders is required for any action to which shareholders are entitled to vote, except as otherwise provided by law and
 except that directors are elected by a plurality of votes cast. The holders of Kaspien common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. Dividends may be paid to holders of Kaspien common stock when and if declared by the board of directors out of
 legally available funds.

Holders of Kaspien common stock have no conversion, redemption, or preemptive rights. All outstanding shares of Kaspien common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. In the event
 of any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of Kaspien, holders of Kaspien common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the assets of Kaspien remaining after payment of creditors and after the liquidation preference, if any,
 of preferred stock outstanding at the time.

PREFERRED STOCK

No shares of preferred stock have been issued. Kaspien's board may, without further action by Kaspien's shareholders, from time to time authorize the issuance of up to 5,000,000
 shares of preferred stock in series and may, at the time of issuance, determine the rights, preferences, and limitations of each series. Satisfaction of any dividend preferences of outstanding preferred stock would reduce the amount of funds
 available for the payment of dividends on Kaspien common stock. Also, holders of preferred stock would normally be entitled to receive a preference payment in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of Kaspien before any payment is
 made to the holders of Kaspien common stock. In addition, under certain circumstances, the issuance of such preferred stock may render more difficult or tend to discourage a merger, tender offer or proxy contest, the assumption of control by a
 holder of a large block of Kaspien's securities or the removal of incumbent management. Although Kaspien presently has no plans to issue any shares of preferred stock, the Kaspien board, without shareholder approval, may issue preferred stock with
 voting and conversion rights that could adversely affect the holders of Kaspien common stock.

NEW YORK ANTI-TAKEOVER LAW

Section 912 of New York Business Corporation Law prohibits a New York corporation from engaging in a "business combination" with an "interested shareholder" for a period of five
 years from the date that such interested shareholder acquired its stock unless such acquisition or the business combination was approved by the corporation's board of directors prior to the interested shareholder's becoming such. After such
 five-year period, the business combination must be approved by a majority of shareholders other than the interested shareholder or the price paid to all shareholders must meet certain conditions relating to the type and minimum amount of
 consideration to be paid to shareholders other than the interested shareholder.

For purposes of Section 912, a "business combination" includes:

a merger or consolidation,

a sale, lease, pledge or other disposition of assets,

a stock issuance or transfer,

a liquidation or dissolution,

a reclassification of securities,

a recapitalization, or

any transaction in which an interested shareholder benefits disproportionately in relation to any other shareholder.

An "interested shareholder" is defined as any person or entity that currently owns , directly or indirectly, or in the case of affiliates and associates of the corporation, that owned at any time during
 the past five years, more than 20 of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation.

These provisions may discourage open market purchases or a non-negotiated tender or exchange offers for the stock of a New York corporation such as Kaspien, and, accordingly, may be adverse to the
 interests of a shareholder who would desire to participate in such a transaction.

See also Voting Agreement below.

BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

New York law generally provides that the consummation of a merger, consolidation, dissolution or disposition of substantially all of the assets of a New York corporation requires:

the approval of the corporation's board of directors 

the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of all outstanding shares entitled to vote, unless

o 
 
 the corporation's certificate of incorporation requires only the affirmative vote of a majority of all outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon, or

o 
 
 the corporation was incorporated after February 22, 1998 and

in certain situations, the affirmative vote by the holders of a majority of all outstanding shares of each class or series of shares.

See also Voting Agreement below.

TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

Computershare, Inc. is the transfer agent and registrar for Kaspien common stock.

AMENDMENTS TO CERTIFICATES OF INCORPORATION

Generally, under New York law, proposed amendments to a corporation's certificate of incorporation may be authorized by a vote of the board of directors followed by the vote of a majority of all
 outstanding shares. If the amendment would adversely affect the rights of any holders of shares of a class or series, the vote of the holders of a majority of all outstanding shares of that class or series, voting as a class, is also necessary to
 authorize the amendment even though they ordinarily would not have voting rights. Kaspien's certificate of incorporation does not contain any provisions relating to its amendment.

On September 3, 2020, the shareholders adopted an amendment to Kaspien s certificate of incorporation (i) setting the number of directors at three, (ii) permitting shareholder action by written consent
 and (iii) implementing certain transfer restrictions intended to prevent an ownership change that could substantially reduce tax benefits associated with Kaspien s net operating losses under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
 amended. See also Shareholder Action , Number and Election of Directors and Voting Agreement below.

On March 8, 2022, Kaspien filed with the State of New York Department of State a Certificate of Amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation, amending such certificate to exclude the Warrants issued by
 Kaspien to the Tranche B Lender from certain transfer restrictions intended to prevent an ownership change that could substantially reduce tax benefits associated with Kaspien s net operating losses under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of
 1986, as amended.

On August 2, 2022, Kaspien filed with the State of New York Department of State a Certificate of Amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation, setting the number of directors at four.

AMENDMENTS TO BY-LAWS

Under New York law, except as otherwise provided in its certificate of incorporation, a corporation's by-laws may be amended, repealed or adopted by a majority of the votes cast by the shares at the
 time entitled to vote in the election of any directors. When so provided in its certificate of incorporation or a by-law adopted by the shareholders, a corporation's by-laws also may be amended, repealed or adopted by the board but any by-law
 adopted by the board may be amended or repealed by the shareholders entitled to vote on the by-law as provided by New York law.

Kaspien's certificate of incorporation provides that the board of directors is authorized to make, alter or repeal Kaspien s by-laws, but that any by-law adopted by the board of directors may be amended
 or repealed the shareholders entitled to vote thereon and the shareholders may at any time limit the power of the board of directors to amend, alter or repeal any by-law adopted by the shareholders. Additionally, Kaspien's by-laws provide that the
 board of directors may make, alter or repeal Kaspien's by-laws, but that any by-law adopted by the board of directors may be amended or repealed by the shareholders.

On March 30, 2020, the Board of Directors adopted an amendment to Kaspien s by-laws implementing certain transfer restrictions intended to prevent an ownership change that could substantially reduce tax
 benefits associated with Kaspien s net operating losses under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

On September 3, 2020, the shareholders adopted an amendment to Kaspien s by-laws (i) setting the number of directors at three and (ii) permitting shareholder action by written consent. See also
 Shareholder Action , Number and Election of Directors and Voting Agreement below.

On March 8, 2022, the by-laws of Kaspien were amended to exclude the Warrants issued by Kaspien to the Tranche B Lender from certain transfer restrictions intended to prevent an ownership change that
 could substantially reduce tax benefits associated with Kaspien s net operating losses under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

On August 2, 2022, the by-laws of Kaspien were amended to set the size of the Board of Directors at four and provide for the filling of director vacancies.

PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS

Kaspien's certificate of incorporation provides that no holder of Kaspien common stock has any preemptive rights with respect to any shares or other securities of Kaspien.

REDEMPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK

Kaspien's certificate of incorporation does not provide for the redemption of any stock.

DIVIDEND SOURCES

Under New York law, except as otherwise provided by New York law, a corporation may declare and pay dividends or make other distributions out of surplus only, so that the net assets of the corporation
 remaining after the declaration, payment or distribution must at least equal the amount of its stated capital. A corporation may declare and pay dividends or make other distributions, except when the corporation is insolvent or would thereby be
 made insolvent, or when the declaration, payment or distribution would be contrary to any restrictions contained in the corporation's certificate of incorporation.

SHAREHOLDER ACTION

Under New York law, unless otherwise provided in a corporation's certificate of incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken by shareholder vote may be taken without a meeting on written
 consent signed by the holders of all outstanding shares entitled to vote or, if the certificate of incorporation so permits, signed by the holders of outstanding shares having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to
 authorize such action at a meeting. Kaspien's certificate of incorporation permits action to be taken by the shareholders of the Kaspien without a meeting, by written consent, signed by not less than the minimum number of votes that would be
 necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which the holders of all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. See also Voting Agreement below.

SPECIAL SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS

New York law provides that special meeting of shareholders may be called by the board and by the persons authorized by the certificate of incorporation or the by-laws. New York law further provides that
 if, for a period of one month after the date fixed by or under the by-laws for the annual meeting of shareholders or, if no date has been so fixed, for a period of 13 months after the last annual meeting, there is a failure to elect a sufficient
 number of directors to conduct the business of the corporation, the board shall call a special meeting for the election of directors. If the special meeting is not called by the board within two weeks after the expiration of the period or if it is
 called but there is a failure to elect the directors for a period of two months after the expiration of the period, holders of 10 of the votes of the shares entitled to vote in an election of directors may, demand a special meeting for the
 election of directors.

Kaspien's by-laws provide that special meetings of shareholders may be called by the Chairman of the Board, if any, the Chief Executive Officer or a majority of the board of directors.

CUMULATIVE VOTING

Under New York law, the certificate of incorporation of a corporation may provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. Kaspien's certificate of incorporation does not provide for
 cumulative voting.

NUMBER AND ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

Subject to certain limitations, New York law permits the number of directors of a corporation to be fixed by its by-laws, by action of the shareholders or by action of the board under the specific
 provision of a by-law adopted by the shareholders. At each annual meeting of the shareholders, directors are to be elected to hold office until the next annual meeting, except for corporations with classified boards. New York law permits the
 certificate of incorporation or the specific provisions of a by-law adopted by the shareholders to provide that directors be divided into either two, three or four classes. All classes must be as nearly equal in number as possible. The term of
 office of one class of directors shall expire each year, with the terms of office of no two classes expiring the same year.

Kaspien's certificate of incorporation provides that the number of directors be set at four and that all directors elected at the annual meeting of shareholders shall hold office until the next annual
 meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify, subject, however, to prior death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office. In no case will a decrease in the number of directors
 shorten the term of any incumbent director.

Kaspien's by-laws provide that the number of directors shall be set at four and a director shall hold office until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify, subject, however, to prior
 death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office. In no case will a decrease in the number of directors shorten the term of any incumbent director. See also Voting Agreement below.

REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

New York law provides that any or all of the directors may be removed for cause by vote of the shareholders. The certificate of incorporation or the specific provisions of a by-law adopted by the
 shareholders may provide for the removal by action of the board, except in the case of any director elected by cumulative voting, or by the holders of the shares of any class or series, or holders of bonds, voting as a class, when so entitled by
 the certificate of incorporation. If the certificate of incorporation or the by-laws so provide, any or all of the directors may be removed without cause by vote of the shareholders.

The removal of directors, with or without cause, is subject to the following:

in the case of a corporation having cumulative voting, no director may be removed when the votes cast against the director's removal would be sufficient to elect the director if voted cumulatively and

if a director is elected by the holders of shares of any class or series, the director may be removed only by the applicable vote of the holders of the shares of that class or series voting as a class.

An action to procure a judgment removing a director for cause may be brought by the attorney general or by the holders of 10 of the outstanding shares, whether or not entitled to vote.

Kaspien's by-laws provide that the board of directors, by a vote of not less than a majority of the entire Board, at any meeting thereof, or by written consent, at any time, may, to the extent permitted
 by law, remove with or without cause from office or terminate the employment of any director. See also Voting Agreement below.

VACANCIES

Under New York law, newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors and vacancies occurring in the board for any reason except the removal of directors without cause
 may be filled by vote of the board of directors then in office, though less than a quorum. However, the certificate of incorporation or by-laws may provide that such newly created directorships or vacancies are to be filled by vote of the
 shareholders. Unless the certificate of incorporation or the specific provisions of a by-law adopted by the shareholders provide that the board may fill vacancies occurring on the board by reason of the removal of directors without cause, such
 vacancies may be filled only by vote of the shareholders.

A director elected to fill a vacancy, unless elected by the shareholders, will hold office until the next meeting of shareholders at which the election of directors is in the regular order of business
 and until his or her successor is elected and qualified. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or by-laws, notwithstanding the above, whenever the holders of any class or classes of shares or series are entitled to elect one
 or more directors by the certificate of incorporation, any vacancy that may be filled by the board or a majority of the directors then in office will be filled by a majority of the directors then in office elected by the class or classes or series.
 However, if no such director is in office, then the vacancy may be filed as provided above.

Kaspien's certificate of incorporation provides that any and all vacancies in the board of directors, however occurring, including by reason of an increase in size of the board of directors, or death,
 resignation, disqualification or removal of a director, shall be filled solely by appointment via an affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, even if less than a quorum of the board of directors. Any director so
 appointed shall serve until the next shareholders meeting held for the election of directors until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified.

Kaspien's by-laws provide that any vacancy in the office of any directors of officer occurring for any reason, including a removal without cause, shall be filled pursuant to the terms of the Voting
 Agreement dated as of March 30, 2020 and as amended on August 2, 2022, and as the same may be amended from time to time. See also Voting Agreement below.

INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

Under New York law, a corporation may indemnify its directors and officers made, or threatened to be made, a party to any action or proceeding, except for shareholder derivative suits, if the director
 or officer acted in good faith, for a purpose which he or she reasonably believed to be in or, in the case of service to another corporation or enterprise, not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, in criminal proceedings, had no
 reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. In the case of shareholder derivative suits, the corporation may indemnify a director or officer if he or she acted in good faith for a purpose which he or she reasonably believed to be
 in or, in the case of service to another corporation or enterprise, not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. However, no indemnification may be made in respect of

a threatened action, or a pending action which is settled or otherwise disposed of, or

any claim, issue or matter as to which the person has been adjudged to be liable to the corporation,

unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action was brought, or, if no action was brought, any court of competent jurisdiction, determines upon application that, in view of all the circumstances of the
 case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for the portion of the settlement amount and expenses as the court deems proper.

Any person who has been successful on the merits or otherwise in the defense of a civil or criminal action or proceeding will be entitled to indemnification. Except as provided in the preceding
 sentence, unless ordered by a court pursuant to New York law, any indemnification under New York law pursuant to the above paragraph may be made only if authorized in the specific case and after a finding that the director or officer met the
 requisite standard of conduct by:

the disinterested directors if a quorum is available,

by the board upon the written opinion of independent legal counsel, or

by the shareholders.

The indemnification described above under New York law is not exclusive of other indemnification rights to which a director or officer may be entitled by:

the certificate of incorporation or by-laws 

a resolution of shareholders 

a resolution of directors or

an agreement providing for such indemnification.

However, no indemnification may be made to or on behalf of any director or officer if a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to the director or officer establishes that his or her acts were
 committed in bad faith or were the result of active and deliberate dishonesty and were material to the cause of action so adjudicated, or that he or she personally gained in fact a financial profit or other advantage to which he or she was not
 legally entitled.

Kaspien's by-laws provide that, except to the extent expressly prohibited by New York law, Kaspien shall indemnify each person made or threatened to be made a party to any action or proceedings, whether
 civil or criminal, by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of Kaspien, or serves or served at the request of Kaspien any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise
 in any capacity, against liabilities or losses, incurred in connection with the action or proceedings, or any appeal. However, no indemnification will be made if a judgment or other final determination adverse to the person establishes that his or
 her acts were committed in bad faith or were the result of active and deliberate dishonesty and were material to the cause of action, or that he or she personally gained in fact a financial profit or other advantage to which he or she was not
 legally entitled. Moreover, no indemnification will be required with respect to any settlement or other non-adjudicated disposition of any threatened or pending action or proceedings unless Kaspien has given its prior consent. Kaspien's by-laws
 require advances of reasonable expenses incurred in defending or otherwise participating in a proceeding to persons entitled to indemnification in connection with such proceeding, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such person to
 repay such amounts if such person is ultimately found not to be entitled to indemnification or, where indemnification is granted, to the extent those advances exceed the amount to which the person is entitled.

LIMITATION OF PERSONAL LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS

New York law provides that a corporation's certificate of incorporation may contain a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors to the corporation or its shareholders for
 damages for any breach of duty in such capacity. However, no such provision can eliminate or limit the liability of any director:

if a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to such director establishes that such director's acts or omissions were in bad faith, or involved intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, or that
 the director personally gained in fact a financial profit or other advantage to which such director was not legally entitled or that the director's acts violated certain provisions of New York law or

for any act or omission prior to the adoption of such a provision in the certificate of incorporation.

Kaspien's certificate of incorporation contains a provision, eliminating the personal liability of directors to the corporation and the shareholders for damages for any breach of duty in such capacity
 except to the extent that such elimination of liability is not permitted under New York law.

VOTING AGREEMENT

On March 30, 2020, certain of Kaspien s shareholders owning approximately 60 of the issued and outstanding Common Stock of Trans World entered into a voting agreement (the Voting Agreement ), pursuant
 to which such shareholders and their respective related entities agreed to how their respective shares of the Company s Common Stock held by the parties will be voted with respect to (i) amending the Articles of Incorporation to set the size of the
 Board of Directors (the Board at three directors, (ii) the designation, election, removal, and replacement of members of the Board and (iii) a Sale of the Company (as defined in the Voting Agreement) with respect to which there is a shareholder
 vote or some other action to take place during the ninety (90) days immediately following the date of the Voting Agreement.

On August 2, 2022, the Company, the Robert J. Higgins TWMC Trust, RJHDC, LLC, Alimco Re Ltd., Mr. Thomas C. Simpson, Kick-Start I, LLC, Kick-Start III, LLC and Kick-Start IV, LLC, and the other parties thereto entered
 into Amendment No. 1 to Voting Agreement setting forth their agreements and understandings with respect to how shares of the Company s capital stock held by the parties thereto will be voted with respect to (i) amending the Certificate of
 Incorporation of the Company to set the size of the Board of Directors of the Company at four directors and (ii) the designation, election, removal, and replacement of members of the Board.

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.6>
 3
 brhc20051522_ex10-6.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.6

Exhibit 10.6 

EXECUTION COPY

AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Amendment is
 entered into as of November __, 2022, by and among KASPIEN INC. , a Washington corporation (f/k/a Etailz Inc.) (the Borrower ), KASPIEN HOLDINGS INC. , a New York corporation (f/k/a Trans World Entertainment
 Corporation) (the Parent ), the Lenders party hereto, and ECLIPSE

 BUSINESS CAPITAL LLC (f/k/a Encina Business Credit, LLC), as agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the Agent ). Capitalized
 terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Loan Agreement, as defined below.

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Parent, the Borrower, the Lenders and Agent are parties to that certain credit facility provided by the Agent and the Lenders to the
 Borrower pursuant to that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2020 (as amended, modified, supplemented, extended, renewed, restated, or replaced from time to time, the Loan Agreement 

WHEREAS, the Parent and the Borrower have agreed to the modifications to the Loan Agreement as set forth herein, subject to the terms and conditions
 set forth herein; and

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual benefits to be derived by the Borrower, the Agent, and the Lenders from a
 continuing relationship under the Loan Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Borrower, the Agent and the Lenders hereby agree as follows:

1. 
 
 Amendment to Loan Agreement . The Loan Agreement is hereby amended to delete the bold, stricken text
 (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and to add the bold, double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text as set
 forth in the pages of the Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto.

2. 
 
 Representations and Warranties . Each of the Parent and the Borrower hereby represents and warrants that,
 after giving effect to this Amendment: (i) no Default or Event of Default exists under the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) each of the Parent and the Borrower has the full power and authority to execute, deliver, and perform
 its respective obligations under, the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as amended by this Amendment and the amendments to the other Loan Documents, and (iii) the representations and warranties contained or referred to in Section 7
 of the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and accurate in all material respects as of the date of this Amendment (or, to the extent any such representations or warranties are expressly made solely as of an earlier date, such
 representations and warranties are true and correct as of such earlier date).

3. 
 
 Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall not be effective until each of the following
 conditions precedent have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (or waived by Agent):

a. 
 
 The Agent shall have received counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by each of the parties hereto.

b. 
 
 All action on the part of the Loan Parties necessary for the valid execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of this Amendment shall have been duly and effectively
 taken.

4. 
 
 Reserved. 

5. 
 
 Miscellaneous .

a. 
 
 This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed therein without regard to
 conflict of law principles. Further, the law of the State of New York shall apply to all disputes or controversies arising out of or connected to or with this Amendment without regard to conflict of law principles. All parts of the Loan
 Agreement not affected by this Amendment are hereby ratified and affirmed in all respects, provided that if any provision of the Loan Agreement shall conflict or be inconsistent with this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall supersede
 and prevail. Upon the execution of this Amendment, unless expressly indicated otherwise, all references to the Loan Agreement in that document, or in any related document, shall mean the Loan Agreement as amended by this Amendment. Except as
 expressly provided in this Amendment, the execution and delivery of this Amendment does not and will not amend, modify or supplement any provision of, or constitute a consent to or a waiver of any noncompliance with the provisions of the Loan
 Agreement, and, except as specifically provided in this Amendment, the Loan Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

b. 
 
 This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken
 together shall constitute a single contract. This Amendment and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings,
 oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by telecopy, pdf or other electronic transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed
 counterpart of this Amendment.

[ Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Pages Follow ]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Borrower, the Parent, the Agent and the Lenders, in accordance with the Loan Agreement, has caused this Amendment to
 be executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers as of the date set forth in the preamble on page one of this Amendment.

BORROWER:

KASPIEN INC. (f/k/a Etailz Inc.)

By:

Name: 

Title:

PARENT:

KASPIEN HOLDINGS INC. (f/k/a Trans World Entertainment Corporation)

By:

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 to Loan and Security Agreement]

AGENT:

ECLIPSE BUSINESS CAPITAL LLC

By:

Name: 

Title:

LENDER:

ECLIPSE BUSINESS CAPITAL SPV, LLC

By:

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 to Loan and Security Agreement]

EXHIBIT A 

See Attached Composite Loan and Security Agreement

</EX-10.6>

<EX-21>
 4
 brhc20051522_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21

KASPIEN HOLDINGS INC.

SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Name of Significant

Subsidiary

State of Incorporation

Subsidiary Trade Names

Kaspien Inc.

Washington

Kaspien

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 brhc20051522_ex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

EXHIBIT 23

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors and Shareholders

 Kaspien Holdings Inc.:

 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on Form S-1 (Nos. 333-194933 and 333-266381), S-3 (No. 333-252911) and S-8 (Nos. 333-128210, 333-220432 and 333-267162) of our report dated April
 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Kaspien Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, shareholders equity and
 cash flows for each of the fiscal years ended January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, which appears in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kaspien Holdings Inc. for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023.

/s/ Fruci Associates II, PLLC 

Spokane, Washington

 April 28, 2023

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 brhc20051522_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES OXLEY ACT 2002

I, Brock Kowalchuk, certify that:

(1) 
 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10 K of Kaspien Holdings Inc. the Registrant 

(2) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

(3) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

(4) 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including
 its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
 financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
 the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the
 case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

(5) 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: April 28, 2023

/s/ Brock Kowalchuk

Principal Executive Officer

Kaspien Holdings Inc.

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 brhc20051522_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES OXLEY ACT 2002

I, Edwin Sapienza, certify that:

(1) 
 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10 K of Kaspien Holdings Inc. the Registrant 

(2) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

(3) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

(4) 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including
 its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
 financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
 the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the
 case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

(5) 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 Registrant s board of directors(or persons performing equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: April 28, 2023

/s/ Edwin Sapienza

Chief Financial Officer

Kaspien Holdings Inc.

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 brhc20051522_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Kaspien Holdings Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the period ending January 28, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
 we, Brock Kowalchuk, Principal Executive Officer of the Registrant and Edwin Sapienza, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to
 the best of our knowledge:

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.

/s/ Brock Kowalchuk

/s/ Edwin Sapienza

Principal Executive Officer

Chief Financial Officer

April 28, 2023

April 28, 2023

This certification shall not be deemed to be filed for the purpose of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and will not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement filed under
 the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, unless specifically identified as being incorporated therein by reference.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this
 written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Kaspien Holdings Inc. and will be retained by Kaspien Holdings Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 kspn-20230128.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 kspn-20230128_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 kspn-20230128_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 kspn-20230128_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 kspn-20230128_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

