<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230519_10-K_edgar_data_1499717_0001493152-23-018382.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15288099</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>513389</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2074027</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5698430</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2883510</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3784343</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-018382.hdr.sgml : 20230519
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230519164617
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-018382
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230519
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230519

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001499717
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HELP SUPPLY SERVICES [7363]
		IRS NUMBER:				680680859
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37575
		FILM NUMBER:		23941060

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		757 THIRD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		27TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-507-5710

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		757 THIRD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		27TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GOLDEN FORK CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100820

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-018382.txt : 20230519

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State 
 of
 incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of the chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files.) No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal controls over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act): Yes 

As
of July 2, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately 000 s) based
on the closing price (last sale of the day) for the registrant s common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on July 2, 2022 of 6.18 per
share. 

As
of May 19, 2023, common stock, 0.00001 par value, were outstanding. 

Staffing
360 Solutions, Inc. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 Business 
 
 3 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 5 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 21 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 Properties 
 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 23 

PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 24 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 24 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 25 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

36 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 37 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 38 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 38 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 40 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 
 40 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 41 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 49 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 54 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 65 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 68 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 69 
 
 ITEM
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 75 

SIGNATURES 
 
 76 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, on Form 10-K Annual
Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements
that address expectations or projections about the future, including, but not limited to, statements about our plans, strategies, adequacy
of resources and future financial results (such as revenue, gross profit, operating profit, cash flow), are forward-looking statements.
Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by words like anticipates, believes, expects, 
 may, will, could, should, intends, plans, estimates, 
 goal, target, possible, potential and similar references to future periods. These
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to
predict. Because these forward-looking statements are based on estimates and assumptions that are subject to significant business, economic
and competitive uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control or are subject to change, actual outcomes and results may differ
materially from what is expressed or forecasted in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results
to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: weakness in general economic conditions and
levels of capital spending by customers in the industries we serve; weakness or volatility in the financial and capital markets, which
may result in the postponement or cancellation of our customers capital projects or the inability of our customers to pay our
fees; the termination of a major customer contract or project; delays or reductions in U.S. government spending; credit risks associated
with our customers; competitive market pressures; the availability and cost of qualified labor; our level of success in attracting, training
and retaining qualified management personnel and other staff employees; changes in tax laws and other government regulations, including
the impact of health care reform laws and regulations; the possibility of incurring liability for our business activities, including,
but not limited to, the activities of our temporary employees; our performance on customer contracts; negative outcome of pending and
future claims and litigation; government policies, legislation or judicial decisions adverse to our businesses; potential cost overruns
and possible rejection of our business model and/or sales methods; our ability to access the capital markets by pursuing additional debt
and equity financing to fund our business plan and expenses on terms acceptable to us or at all; and our ability to comply with our contractual
covenants, including in respect of our debt. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which
speak only as of the date hereof. We assume no obligation to update such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise, except as required by law. We recommend readers to carefully review the entirety of this Annual Report, including the Risk
Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report and the other reports and documents we file from time to time with the Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC ), particularly our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K. 

As
used in this Annual Report, the terms we, us, our, Staffing 360 and the Company 
mean Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated. All dollar amounts in this Annual Report are expressed
in thousands except for share and per share values, unless otherwise indicated. 

The
disclosures set forth in this report should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto for the period ended
December 31, 2022. 

2 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

General 

Staffing
360 Solutions, Inc. we, us, our, Staffing 360, or the Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on December 22, 2009, as Golden Fork Corporation, which changed its name to Staffing 360 Solutions,
Inc., ticker symbol STAF , on March 16, 2012. On June 15, 2017, we changed our domicile to the State of Delaware.
As a rapidly growing public company in the international staffing sector, our high-growth business model is based on finding and acquiring,
suitable, mature, profitable, operating, domestic and international staffing companies. Our targeted consolidation model is focused specifically
on the accounting and finance, information technology IT ), engineering, administration and light industrial disciplines. 

All
amounts in this Annual Report are expressed in thousands, except share and per share amounts, or unless otherwise indicated. The Company
effected a one-for-six reverse stock split on June 30, 2021 and a one-for-ten split on June 24, 2022 (the Reverse Stock Splits ).
All share and per share information in this Annual Report have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Splits. 

Business
Model and Acquisitions 

We
are a high-growth international staffing company engaged in the acquisition of United States U.S. and United Kingdom U.K. based staffing companies. As part of our consolidation model, we pursue a broad spectrum of staffing
companies supporting primarily accounting and finance, IT, engineering, administration (collectively, the Professional Business
Stream and commercial Commercial Business Stream disciplines. Our typical acquisition model is based on paying
consideration in the form of cash, stock, earn-outs and/or promissory notes. In furthering our business model, we are regularly
in discussions and negotiations with various suitable, mature acquisition targets. To date, we have completed ten acquisitions since
November 2013. 

Operating
History 

We
generated revenue of 244,917 and 197,770 for the years ended December 31, 2022 Fiscal 2022 and January 1, 2022 Fiscal 2021 ), respectively. This increase was primarily caused by the acquisition of Headway Workforce Solutions Headway ), as well as the ongoing
expected recovery due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Headway Acquisition 

On April 18, 2022, we entered into a Stock Purchase
Agreement with Headway and Chapel Hill Partners, LP, as the representatives of all the stockholders of Headway, pursuant to which, among
other things, we agreed to purchase all of the issued and outstanding securities of Headway in exchange for (i) a cash payment of 14,
and (ii) 9,000,000 shares of our Series H Preferred Stock, with a value equal to the Closing Payment, as defined in the Stock Purchase
Agreement (the Headway Acquisition ). On May 18, 2022, the Headway Acquisition closed. The purchase price in connection
with the Headway Acquisition was approximately 9,000. Pursuant to certain covenants in the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company may be subject to a Contingent Payment
of up to 4,450 based on the Adjusted EBITDA (such term as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement) of Headway during the Contingent
Period (such term as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement), subject to additional potential adjustments tied to customary purchase
price adjustments described in the Stock Purchase Agreement. 

Industry
Background 

The
staffing industry is divided into three major segments: temporary staffing services, professional employer organizations PEOs and placement agencies. Temporary staffing services provide workers for limited periods, often to substitute for absent permanent workers
or to help during periods of peak demand. These workers, who are often employees of the temporary staffing agency, will generally fill
clerical, technical, or industrial positions. PEOs, sometimes referred to as employee leasing agencies, contract to provide workers to
customers for specific functions, often related to human resource management. In many cases, a customer s employees are hired by
a PEO and then contracted back to the customer. Placement agencies, sometimes referred to as executive recruiters or headhunters, find
workers to fill permanent positions at customer companies. These agencies may specialize in placing senior managers, mid-level managers,
technical workers, or clerical and other support workers. 

We consider ourselves a temporary staffing company within the broader staffing industry. However, we provide permanent placements
at the request of existing clients and some consulting services clients. 

Staffing
companies identify potential candidates through online advertising and referrals, and interview, test and counsel workers before sending
them to the customer for approval. Pre-employment screening can include skills assessment, drug tests and criminal background checks.
The personnel staffing industry has been radically changed by the internet. Many employers list available positions with one or several
internet personnel sites like www.monster.com or www.careerbuilder.com, and on their own sites. Personnel agencies operate their own
sites and often still work as intermediaries by helping employers accurately describe job openings and by screening candidates who submit
applications. 

Major
end-use customers include businesses from a wide range of industries such as manufacturing, construction, wholesale and retail. Marketing
involves direct sales presentations, referrals from existing clients and advertising. Agencies compete both for customers and workers.
Depending on market supply and demand at any given time, agencies may allocate more resources either to finding potential employers or
potential workers. Permanent placement agencies work either on a retained or on a contingency basis. Clients may retain an agency for
a specific job search or on contract for a specific period. Temporary staffing services charge customers a fixed price per hour/day or
a standard markup on prevailing hourly/daily rates. 

For
many staffing companies, demand is lower late in the fourth calendar quarter and early in the first calendar quarter, partly because
of holidays, and higher during the rest of the year. Staffing companies may have high receivables from customers. Temporary staffing
agencies and PEOs must manage a high cash flow because they funnel payroll payments from employers. Cash flow imbalances also occur because
agencies must pay workers even though they haven t been paid by clients. 

3 

The
revenue of staffing companies depends on the number of jobs they fill, which in turn can depend upon the economic environment. During
economic slowdowns, many client companies stop hiring altogether. Internet employment sites expand a company s ability to find
workers without the help of traditional agencies. Staffing companies often work as intermediaries, helping employers accurately describe
job openings and screen candidates. Increasing the use of sophisticated, automated job description and candidate screening tools could
make many traditional functions of personnel agencies obsolete. Free social networking sites such as LinkedIn and Facebook are also becoming
a common way for recruiters and employees to connect without the assistance of a staffing agency. 

To
avoid large placement agency fees, big companies may use in-house personnel staff, current employee referrals, or human resources consulting
companies to find and hire new personnel. Because placement agencies typically charge a fee based on a percentage of the first year s
salary of a new worker, companies with many jobs to fill have a financial incentive to avoid agencies. 

Many
staffing companies are small and may depend heavily on a few big customers for a large portion of revenue. Large customers may lead to
increased revenue, but also expose agencies to higher risks. When major accounts experience financial hardships, and have less need for
temporary employment services, agencies stand to lose large portions of revenue. 

The
loss of a staff member who handles a large volume of business may result in a large loss of revenue for a staffing company. Individual
staff members, rather than the staffing company itself, often develop strong relationships with customers. Staff members who move to
another staffing company are often able to move customers with them. 

Some
of the best opportunities for temporary employment are in industries traditionally active in seasonal cycles, such as manufacturing,
construction, wholesale and retail. However, seasonal demand for workers creates cash flow fluctuations throughout the year. 

Staffing
companies are regulated by the U.S. Department of Labor and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and often by state authorities.
Many federal anti-discrimination rules regulate the type of information that employment firms can request from candidates or provide
to customers about candidates. In addition, the relationship between the agency and the temporary employees, or employee candidates may
not always be clear, resulting in legal and regulatory uncertainty. PEOs are often considered co-employers along with the client, but
the PEO is responsible for employee wages, taxes and benefits. State regulation aims to ensure that PEOs provide the benefits they promise
to workers. 

Trends
in the Staffing Business 

Start-up
costs for a staffing company are very low. Individual offices can be profitable, but consolidation is driven mainly by the opportunity
for large agencies to develop national relationships with big customers. Some agencies expand by starting new offices in promising markets,
but most prefer to buy existing independent offices with proven staff and an existing customer roster. 

At
some companies, temporary workers have become such a large part of the workforce that staffing company employees sometimes work at the
customer s site to recruit, train, and manage temporary employees. The Company has a number of onsite relationships with its customers.
Staffing companies try to match the best qualified employees for the customer s needs, but often provide additional training specific
to that company, such as instruction in the use of proprietary software. 

Some
personnel consulting firms and human resource departments are increasingly using psychological tests to evaluate potential job candidates.
Psychological or liability testing has gained popularity, in part, due to recent fraud scandals. In addition to stiffer background checks,
headhunters often check the credit history of prospective employees. 

We
believe the trends of outsourcing entire departments and dependence on temporary and leased workers will expand opportunities for staffing
companies. Taking advantage of their expertise in assessing worker capabilities, some staffing companies manage their clients 
entire human resource functions. Human resources outsourcing HRO may include management of payroll, tax filings, and
benefit administration services. HRO may also include recruitment process outsourcing RPO ), whereby an agency manages
all recruitment activities for a client. 

New
online technology is improving staffing efficiency. For example, some online applications coordinate workflow for staffing agencies,
their clients and temporary workers, and allow agencies and customers to share work order requests, submit and track candidates, approve
timesheets and expenses, and run reports. Interaction between candidates and potential employers is increasingly being handled online. 

4 

Initially
viewed as rivals, some Internet job-search companies and traditional employment agencies are now collaborating. While some Internet sites
do not allow agencies to use their services to post jobs or look through resumes, others find that agencies are their biggest customers,
earning the sites a large percentage of their revenue. Some staffing companies contract to help client employers find workers online. 

Competition 

Our staffing divisions face competition in attracting clients as well as temporary candidates. The staffing industry is highly
competitive, with a number of firms offering services similar to those provided by us on a national, regional or local basis.
In many areas, the local staffing companies are our strongest competitors. The most significant competitive factors in the staffing business
are price and reliability of service. We believe its competitive advantage stems from its experience in niche markets, and
commitment to the specialized employment market, along with its growing global presence. 

The
staffing industry is characterized by a large number of competing companies in a fragmented sector. Major competitors also exist across
the sector, but as the industry affords low barriers to entry, new entrants are constantly introduced to the marketplace. 

The
top layer of competitors includes large corporate staffing and employment companies which have yearly revenue of 75 million or more.
The next (middle) layer of the competition consists of medium-sized entities with yearly revenue of 10 million or more. The largest
portion of the marketplace is the bottom layer of this competitive landscape consisting of small, individual-sized or family-run operations.
As barriers to entry are low, sole proprietors, partnerships and small entities routinely enter the industry. 

Employees 

We employ approximately 265 full-time employees as part of our internal operations. Additionally, we employ more than
6,000 individuals that are placed directly with our clients through our various operating subsidiaries. 

Available
Information 

We
are subject to the information and periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and, in accordance
therewith, we file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We make available,
free of charge, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports
on our website at www.staffing360solutions.com as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports and other information is electronically
filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

There
are numerous and varied risks that may prevent us from achieving our goals, including those described below. You should carefully consider
the risks described below and the other information included in this Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related
notes. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed by any of the following risks. If any of the events
or circumstances described below were to occur, our business, the financial condition and the results of operations could be materially
adversely affected. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and investors could lose part or all of their investment.
The risks below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial
may also adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Risk
Factor Summary 

Below
is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address
all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face,
can be found below under the heading Risk Factors and should be carefully considered, together with other information in
this Annual Report and our other filings with the SEC, before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. 

5 

We
 have incurred significant losses since our inception and may continue to incur losses and thus may never achieve or maintain profitability; 

Our
 debt level could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and business prospects; 

Our
 debt instruments contain covenants that could limit our financing options and liquidity position, which would limit our ability to
 grow our business; 

The
 Jackson Note is secured by substantially all of our assets that are not secured by our revolving loans facility with Midcap in the U.S. and HSBC in the U.K., and
 the terms of the Jackson Note may restrict our current and future operations. Additionally, Jackson may be able to exert significant
 influence over us as our senior secured lender; 

We
 will need to raise additional capital to meet our business requirements in the future, which is likely to be challenging, could be
 highly dilutive and may cause the market price of our common stock to decline; 

We
 have significant working capital needs and if we are unable to satisfy those needs from cash generated from our operations or borrowings
 under our debt instruments, we may not be able to continue our operations; 

The
 continuing uncertainty surrounding the implementation of Brexit and future arrangements between the U.K and the European Union may
 impact our U.K. operations; 

Our
 revenue may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

Our
 revenue can vary because our customers can terminate their relationship with us at any time with limited or no penalty; 

We
 operate in an intensely competitive and rapidly changing business environment, and there is a substantial risk that our services
 could become obsolete or uncompetitive; 

We
 have been and may be exposed to employment-related claims and losses, including class action lawsuits, which could have a material
 adverse effect on our business; 

Our
 growth of operations could strain our resources and cause our business to suffer; 

Our
 strategy of growing through acquisitions may impact our business in unexpected ways; 

A
 more active, liquid trading market for our common stock may not develop, and the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly; 

We
 depend on attracting, integrating, managing, and retaining qualified personnel; 

If
 we are unable to retain existing customers or attract new customers, our business and results of operations could suffer; 

We
 are dependent upon technology services, and if we experience damage, service interruptions or failures in our computer and telecommunications
 systems, our customer relationships and our ability to attract new customers may be adversely affected; and 

Our
 management has identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting relating to the lack of a sufficient
 complement of competent finance personnel to appropriately account for, review and disclose the completeness and accuracy of transactions
 entered into by the Company. This material weakness, if not remediated, could result in material misstatements in our consolidated
 financial statements. We may be unable to develop, implement and maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting.
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report
 our financial results and current and potential stockholders may lose confidence in our financial reporting. 

Our
 management has identified a material weakness in our internal control over our goodwill assessment relating to the lack of a sufficient
 process for determining the valuation of goodwill assets. This material weakness, if not remediated, could result in material misstatements
 in our consolidated financial statements. 

Risks
Relating to Our Organization and Our Financial Condition 

We
have incurred significant losses since our inception and may continue to incur losses and thus may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

We
have incurred substantial losses since our inception, anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future and
may not achieve or sustain profitability. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the staffing industry, we are
unable to predict the extent of any future losses or when we will become profitable, if at all. Expected future operating losses will
have an adverse effect on our cash resources, stockholders equity and working capital. Our negative working capital and liquidity
position combined with the uncertainty generated by the economic reaction to the COVID-19 pandemic raise substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. 

6 

Our
failure to become and remain profitable could depress the value of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital, expand our
business, maintain our development efforts, diversify our portfolio of staffing companies, or continue our operations. A decline in the
value of our common stock could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment. For more detailed discussion of the risks related
to the COVID-19 pandemic, please see The recent COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected our business and may continue to adversely
affect our business until the pandemic is resolved above. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph in its report as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2022 expressing substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a going concern based on our negative working capital
and liquidity position combined with the uncertainty generated by the economic reaction to the COVID-19 pandemic and other macro-economic indicators. Our consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this going concern uncertainty and have
been prepared under the assumption that we will continue to operate as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, we may be
forced to liquidate our assets which would have an adverse impact on our business and developmental activities. In such a scenario,
the values we receive for our assets in liquidation or dissolution could be significantly lower than the values reflected in our
financial statements. The reaction of investors to the inclusion of a going concern statement by our independent registered public
accounting firm and our potential inability to continue as a going concern may materially adversely affect our stock price and our
ability to raise new capital or to enter into strategic alliances. 

Our
debt level could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and business prospects. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our total gross debt was approximately 18,265. Our level of debt could have significant consequences to our
stockholders, including the following: 

requiring
 the dedication of a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to make payments on debt, thereby reducing the availability
 of cash flow for working capital, capital expenditures and other general business activities; 

requiring
 a substantial portion of our corporate cash reserves to be held as a reserve for debt service, limiting our ability to invest in
 new growth opportunities; 

limiting
 the ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate
 and other activities; 

limiting
 the flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and industry in which we operate; 

increasing
 our vulnerability to both general and industry-specific adverse economic conditions including the economic consequences of the COVID-19
 pandemic and its ongoing effects; 

putting
 us at a competitive disadvantage versus less leveraged competitors; and 

increasing
 vulnerability to changes in the prevailing interest rates. 

Our
ability to make payments of principal and interest, or to refinance our indebtedness, depends on our future performance, which is
subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors. We had negative cash flows from operations for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, and we may not generate cash flow in the future sufficient to service our debt because of factors beyond our
control, including but not limited to our ability to expand our operations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows, we
may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that
may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial
condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms,
which could result in a default on our debt obligations. A default on our debt obligations could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations and may cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 

Further,
the outstanding Amended and Restated Senior Secured 12 Promissory Note (the Jackson Note issued to Jackson
Investment Group LLC Jackson and due October 14, 2024 contains certain customary financial covenants, and we have
had instances of non-compliance. Management has historically been able to obtain, from Jackson, waivers of any non-compliance and
management expects to continue to be able to obtain necessary waivers in the event of future non-compliance; however, there can be
no assurance that we will be able to obtain such waivers, and should Jackson refuse to provide a waiver in the future, the
outstanding debt under the agreement could become due immediately. Our financing with MidCap Funding X Trust MidCap includes customary financial covenants and we have had instances of non-compliance. We have been able to obtain forbearance of any
non-compliance from MidCap, and management expects to continue to be able to obtain necessary forbearance in the event of future
non-compliance; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such forbearance, and should MidCap refuse to
provide a forbearance in the future, the outstanding debt under the agreement could become due immediately, which exceeds our
current cash balance. 

7 

Our
debt instruments contain covenants that could limit our financing options and liquidity position, which would limit our ability to grow
our business. 

Covenants
in our debt instruments impose operating and financial restrictions on us. These restrictions prohibit or limit our ability to, among
other things: 

pay
 cash dividends to our stockholders, subject to certain limited exceptions; 

redeem
 or repurchase our common stock or other equity; 

incur
 additional indebtedness; 

permit
 liens on assets; 

make
 certain investments (including through the acquisition of stock, shares, partnership or limited liability company interests, any
 loan, advance or capital contribution); 

sell,
 lease, license, lend or otherwise convey an interest in a material portion of our assets; 

cease
 making public filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and 

sell
 or otherwise issue shares of our common stock or other capital stock subject to certain limited exceptions. 

Our
failure to comply with the restrictions in our debt instruments could result in events of default, which, if not cured or waived, could
result in us being required to repay these borrowings before their due date. The holders of our debt may require fees and expenses to
be paid or other changes to terms in connection with waivers or amendments. If we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable
terms, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by increased costs and rates. In addition, these
restrictions may limit our ability to obtain additional financing, withstand downturns in our business or take advantage of business
opportunities. 

The
Jackson Note is secured by substantially all of our assets that are not secured by our revolving loan facility with Midcap and HSBC in the U.K., and the
terms of the Jackson Note may restrict our current and future operations. Additionally, Jackson may be able to exert significant
influence over us as our senior secured lender. 

The
Jackson Note contains a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit
our ability to engage in acts that we believe may be in our long-term best interests. The Jackson Note includes covenants limiting or
restricting, among other things, our ability to: 

incur
 or guarantee additional indebtedness; 

pay
 distributions on, redeem or repurchase shares of our capital stock or redeem or repurchase any of our subordinated debt; 

make
 certain investments; 

sell
 assets; 

enter
 into agreements that restrict distributions or other payments from our restricted subsidiaries; 

incur
 or allow the existence of liens; 

consolidate,
 merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets; and 

engage
 in transactions with affiliates. 

In
addition, the Jackson Note contains financial covenants including, among other things, a fixed charge coverage ratio, minimum liquidity
requirements and total leverage ratio. A breach of any of these financial covenants could result in a default under the Jackson Note.
If any such default occurs, Jackson may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other amounts
payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. In addition, following an event of default under the Jackson Note, Jackson will
have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to it to secure the debt, which includes our available cash. If the debt under
the Jackson Note was to be accelerated, we cannot assure you that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full our debt. 

8 

We
review the recoverability of goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets annually as of the first day of our fiscal fourth
quarter, and whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit, including goodwill, or an indefinite
lived intangible asset may not be recoverable. 

To
evaluate goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment, we may use qualitative assessments to determine whether
it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit, including goodwill, or an indefinite lived intangible asset is less
than its carrying amount. The qualitative assessments require assumptions to be made regarding multiple factors, including the current
operating environment, historical and future financial performance and industry and market conditions. If an initial qualitative assessment
identifies that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, additional quantitative
testing is performed. Alternatively, we may elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and instead perform a quantitative impairment
test to calculate the fair value of the reporting unit in comparison to its associated carrying value. 

The
quantitative impairment tests require us to make an estimate of the fair value of our reporting units. An impairment could be recorded
as a result of changes in assumptions, estimates or circumstances, some of which are beyond our control. Because a number of factors
may influence determinations of fair value of goodwill, we are unable to predict whether impairments of goodwill will occur in the future,
and there can be no assurance that continued conditions will not result in future impairments of goodwill. The future occurrence of a
potential indicator of impairment could include matters such as (i) a decrease in expected net earnings; (ii) adverse equity market conditions;
(iii) a decline in current market multiples; (iv) a decline in our common stock price; (v) a significant adverse change in legal factors
or the general business climate; and (vi) a significant downturn in employment markets in the United States. Any such impairment would
result in us recognizing a non-cash charge in our consolidated statement of operations, which could adversely affect our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

We cannot accurately predict the effect
of the weakness in the national economy on our future operating results or the market price of our voting common stock. 

The national economy in general is currently facing challenges of a scope
unprecedented in recent history. We cannot accurately predict the severity or duration of the current economic downturn, which has adversely
impacted the markets we serve. Any further deterioration in national or local economic conditions would have an adverse effect, which
could be material, on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and could also cause the market price of
our voting common stock to decline. While it is impossible to predict how long these conditions may exist, the current economic downturn
could present substantial risks for some time for the banking industry and for us. The Company currently does not have any exposure to Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank or other banks that have recently faced collapse. 

We
will need to raise additional capital to meet our business requirements in the future, which is likely to be challenging, could be highly
dilutive and may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficiency of 20,050, an accumulated deficit of 101,015 and a net loss for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of 16,994. We will need to raise additional capital to pursue growth opportunities, improve our
infrastructure, finance our operations and otherwise make investments in assets and personnel that will allow us to remain competitive.
Additional capital would be used to accomplish the following: 

financing
 our current operating expenses; 

pursuing
 growth opportunities; 

making
 capital improvements to improve our infrastructure; 

hiring
 and retaining qualified management and key employees; 

responding
 to competitive pressures; 

complying
 with regulatory requirements; and 

maintaining
 compliance with applicable laws. 

To
the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of those securities
could result in substantial dilution for our current stockholders. The terms of any securities issued by us in future capital transactions
may be more favorable to new investors, and may include preferences, superior voting rights and the issuance of warrants or other derivative
securities, which may have a further dilutive effect on the holders of any of our securities then-outstanding. We may issue additional
shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our common stock in connection with hiring
or retaining personnel, option or warrant exercises, future acquisitions or future placements of our securities for capital-raising or
other business purposes. The issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may
cause the market price of our common stock to decline further and existing stockholders may not agree with our financing plans or the
terms of such financings. In connection with this offering, we may agree to amend the terms of certain of our outstanding warrants held
by certain purchasers in this offering. Any such amendments may, among other things, decrease the exercise prices or increase the term
of exercise of those warrants. 

In
addition, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting
fees, securities law compliance fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash
expenses in connection with certain securities we issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which may adversely impact our financial
condition. 

9 

Furthermore,
any additional debt or equity financing that we may need may not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. If we are unable to
obtain such additional financing on a timely basis, we may have to curtail our development activities and growth plans and/or be forced
to sell assets, perhaps on unfavorable terms, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations, and we ultimately could be forced to discontinue our operations and liquidate, in which event it is unlikely that stockholders
would receive any distribution on their shares. Further, we may not be able to continue operating if we do not generate sufficient revenues
from operations needed to stay in business. 

We review the recoverability
of goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets annually as of the first day of our fiscal fourth quarter, and whenever events
or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit, including goodwill, or an indefinite lived intangible asset may
not be recoverable. 

To evaluate goodwill and
other indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment, we may use qualitative assessments to determine whether it is more likely than
not that the fair value of a reporting unit, including goodwill, or an indefinite lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount.
The qualitative assessments require assumptions to be made regarding multiple factors, including the current operating environment, historical
and future financial performance and industry and market conditions. If an initial qualitative assessment identifies that it is more likely
than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, additional quantitative testing is performed. Alternatively,
we may elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and instead perform a quantitative impairment test to calculate the fair value of the
reporting unit in comparison to its associated carrying value. 

The quantitative impairment
tests require us to make an estimate of the fair value of our reporting units. An impairment could be recorded as a result of changes
in assumptions, estimates or circumstances, some of which are beyond our control. Because a number of factors may influence determinations
of fair value of goodwill, we are unable to predict whether impairments of goodwill will occur in the future, and there can be no assurance
that continued conditions will not result in future impairments of goodwill. The future occurrence of a potential indicator of impairment
could include matters such as (i) a decrease in expected net earnings; (ii) adverse equity market conditions; (iii) a decline in current
market multiples; (iv) a decline in our common stock price; (v) a significant adverse change in legal factors or the general business
climate; and (vi) a significant downturn in employment markets in the U.S. Any such impairment would result in us recognizing a non-cash
charge in our consolidated statement of operations, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
have significant working capital needs and if we are unable to satisfy those needs from cash generated from our operations or borrowings
under our debt instruments, we may not be able to continue our operations. 

We
require significant amounts of working capital to operate our business. We often have high receivables from our customers, and as a staffing
company, we are prone to cash flow imbalances because we have to fund payroll payments to temporary workers before receiving payments
from clients for our services. Cash flow imbalances also occur because we must pay temporary workers even when we have not been paid
by our customers. If we experience a significant and sustained drop in operating profits, or if there are unanticipated reductions in
cash inflows or increases in cash outlays, we may be subject to cash shortfalls. If such a shortfall were to occur for even a brief period
of time, it may have a significant adverse effect on our business. In particular, we use working capital to pay expenses relating to
our temporary workers and to satisfy our workers compensation liabilities. As a result, we must maintain sufficient cash availability
to pay temporary workers and fund related tax liabilities prior to receiving payment from customers. 

In
addition, our operating results tend to be unpredictable from quarter to quarter. Demand for our services is typically lower during traditional
national vacation periods in the U.S. and the U.K. when customers and candidates are on vacation. No single quarter is
predictive of results of future periods. Any extended period of time with low operating results or cash flow imbalances could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
derive working capital for our operations through cash generated by our operating activities, equity raises, and borrowings under our
debt instruments. If our working capital needs increase in the future, we may be forced to seek additional sources of capital, which
may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. The amount we are entitled to borrow under our debt instruments is calculated
monthly based on the aggregate value of certain eligible trade accounts receivable generated from our operations, which are affected
by financial, business, economic and other factors, as well as by the daily timing of cash collections and cash outflows. The aggregate
value of our eligible accounts receivable may not be adequate to allow for borrowings for other corporate purposes, such as capital expenditures
or growth opportunities, which could reduce our ability to react to changes in the market or industry conditions. 

We
face risks associated with litigation and claims. 

We
are a party to certain legal proceedings as further described under Legal Proceedings . In addition, from time to time,
we may become involved in various claims, disputes and legal or regulatory proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business
and relate to contractual and other obligations. Due to the uncertainties of litigation, we can give no assurance that we will prevail
on any claims made against us in any such lawsuit. Also, we can give no assurance that any other lawsuits or claims brought in the future
will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity or operating results. Adverse outcomes in some or all of these
claims may result in significant monetary damages that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. 

The
continuing uncertainty surrounding the implementation of Brexit and future arrangements between the U.K and the European Union may impact
our U.K. operations. 

Pursuant
to a June 2016 referendum, the U.K. left the European Union on January 31, 2020. Following a transition period, the U.K. and the European
Union signed a Trade and Cooperation Agreement, which came into full force on May 1, 2021 and set out the foundation of the economic
and legal framework for trade between the U.K. and the European Union. While we have yet to experience any negative impacts, there may
continue to be economic uncertainty surrounding the consequences of Brexit and the U.K. s future arrangements with the European
Union that could adversely impact customer confidence, resulting in customers reducing their spending budgets on our services. There
has been volatility in currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar relative to the British pound, which could continue,
as well as market volatility, which contribute to instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets, political institutions,
and regulatory agencies as negotiations of trade deals between the U.K. and the European Union, and also between the U.K. and other countries.
These and other adverse consequences such as reduced consumer spending, deterioration in economic conditions, loss of key international
employees, volatility in exchange rates, and prohibitive laws and regulations could have a negative impact on our business, operating
results and financial condition. 

10 

Our
revenue may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 

A
significant portion of our expenditures are derived or spent in British pounds. However, we report our financial condition and results
of operations in U.S. dollars. As a result, fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the British pound will impact the amount of our
revenues and net income. For example, if the British pound appreciates relative to the U.S. dollar, the fluctuation will result in a
positive impact on the revenues that we report. However, if the British pound depreciates relative to the U.S. dollar, which was the
case during 2022, there will be a negative impact on the revenues we report due to such fluctuation. It is possible that
the impact of currency fluctuations will result in a decrease in reported consolidated sales even though we may have experienced an increase
in sales transacted in the British pound. Conversely, the impact of currency fluctuations may result in an increase in reported consolidated
sales despite declining sales transacted in the British pound. The exchange rate from the U.S. dollar to the British pound has fluctuated
substantially in the past and may continue to do so in the future. Though we may choose to hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange
rate changes in the future, there is no guarantee such hedging, if undertaken, will be successful. 

Our
revenue can vary because our customers can terminate their relationship with us at any time with limited or no penalty. 

We
focus on providing mid-level professional and light industrial personnel on a temporary assignment-by-assignment basis, which customers
can generally terminate at any time or reduce their level of use when compared with prior periods. To avoid large placement agency fees,
large companies may use in-house personnel staff, current employee referrals, or human resources consulting companies to find and hire
new personnel. Because placement agencies typically charge a fee based on a percentage of the first year s salary of a new worker,
companies with many jobs to fill have a large financial incentive to avoid agencies. 

Our
business is also significantly affected by our customers hiring needs and their views of their future prospects. Our customers
may, on very short notice, terminate, reduce or postpone their recruiting assignments with us and, therefore, affect demand for our services.
As a result, a significant number of our customers can terminate their agreements with us at any time, making us particularly vulnerable
to a significant decrease in revenue within a short period of time that could be difficult to quickly replace. This could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Most
of our contracts do not obligate our customers to utilize a significant amount of our staffing services and may be cancelled on limited
notice, so our revenue is not guaranteed. 

Substantially
all of our revenue is derived from multi-year contracts that are terminable for convenience. Under our multi-year agreements, we contract
to provide customers with staffing services through work or service orders at the customers request. Under these agreements, our
customers often have little or no obligation to request our staffing services. In addition, most of our contracts are cancellable on
limited notice, even if we are not in default under the contract. We may hire employees permanently to meet anticipated demand for services
under these agreements that may ultimately be delayed or cancelled. We could face a significant decline in revenues and our business,
financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected if: 

we
 see a significant decline in the staffing services requested from us under our service agreements; or 

our
 customers cancel or defer a significant number of staffing requests; or our existing customer agreements expire or lapse and we cannot
 replace them with similar agreements. 

11 

We
could be adversely affected by risks associated with acquisitions and joint ventures. 

We
are engaged in the acquisition of U.S. and U.K. based staffing companies, and our typical acquisition model is based on paying consideration
in the form of cash, stock, earn-outs and/or promissory notes. To date, we have completed 11 acquisitions. We intend to expand our business
through acquisitions of complementary businesses, services or products, subject to our business plans and management s ability
to identify, acquire and develop suitable investments or acquisition targets in both new and existing service categories. In certain
circumstances, acceptable investments or acquisition targets might not be available. Acquisitions involve a number of risks, including: 

difficulty
 in integrating the operations, technologies, products and personnel of an acquired business, including consolidating redundant facilities
 and infrastructure; 

potential
 disruption of our ongoing business and the distraction of management from our day-to-day operations; 

difficulty
 entering markets in which we have limited or no prior experience and in which competitors have a stronger market position; 

difficulty
 maintaining the quality of services that such acquired companies have historically provided; potential legal and financial responsibility
 for liabilities of acquired businesses; 

overpayment
 for the acquired company or assets or failure to achieve anticipated benefits, such as cost savings and revenue enhancements; 

increased
 expenses associated with completing an acquisition and amortizing any acquired intangible assets; 

challenges
 in implementing uniform standards, accounting policies, customs, controls, procedures and policies throughout an acquired business; 

failure
 to retain, motivate and integrate key management and other employees of the acquired business; and 

loss
 of customers and a failure to integrate customer bases. 

Our
business plan for continued growth through acquisitions is subject to certain inherent risks, including accessing capital resources,
potential cost overruns and possible rejection of our business model and/or sales methods. Therefore, we provide no assurance that we
will be successful in carrying out our business plan. We continue to pursue additional debt and equity financing to fund our business
plan. We have no assurance that future financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 

In
addition, if we incur indebtedness to finance an acquisition, it may reduce our capacity to borrow additional amounts and require us
to dedicate a greater percentage of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing the cash resources available
to us to fund capital expenditures, pursue other acquisitions or investments in new business initiatives and meet general corporate and
working capital needs. This increased indebtedness may also limit our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in or challenges
relating to our business and industry. The use of our common stock or other securities (including those convertible into or exchangeable
or exercisable for our common stock) to finance any such acquisition may also result in dilution of our existing shareholders. 

The
potential risks associated with future acquisitions could disrupt our ongoing business, result in the loss of key customers or personnel,
increase expenses and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
could be harmed by improper disclosure or loss of sensitive or confidential company, employee, associate or customer data, including
personal data. 

In
connection with the operation of our business, we store, process and transmit a large amount of data, including personnel and payment
information, about our employees, customers, associates and candidates, a portion of which is confidential and/or personally sensitive.
In doing so, we rely on our own technology and systems, and those of third-party vendors we use for a variety of processes. We and our
third-party vendors have established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of this information. Unauthorized
disclosure or loss of sensitive or confidential data may occur through a variety of methods. These include, but are not limited to, systems
failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, or unauthorized access to or through our information systems, whether by our
employees or third parties, including a cyberattack by computer programmers, hackers, members of organized crime and/or state-sponsored
organizations, who may develop and deploy viruses, worms or other malicious software programs. 

12 

Such
disclosure, loss or breach could harm our reputation and subject us to government sanctions and liability under our contracts and laws
that protect sensitive or personal data and confidential information, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenues. It is possible
that security controls over sensitive or confidential data and other practices we and our third-party vendors follow may not prevent
the improper access to, disclosure of, or loss of such information. Further, data privacy is subject to frequently changing rules and
regulations, which sometimes conflict among the various jurisdictions in which we provide services. Any failure or perceived failure
to successfully manage the collection, use, disclosure, or security of personal information or other privacy related matters, or any
failure to comply with changing regulatory requirements in this area, could result in legal liability or impairment to our reputation
in the marketplace. 

We
have been and may be exposed to employment-related claims and losses, including class action lawsuits, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business. 

We
employ people internally and in the workplaces of other businesses. Many of these individuals have access to customer information systems
and confidential information. The risks of these activities include possible claims relating to: 

discrimination
 and harassment; 

wrongful
 termination or denial of employment; 

violations
 of employment rights related to employment screening or privacy issues; 

classification
 of temporary workers; 

assignment
 of illegal aliens; 

violations
 of wage and hour requirements; 

retroactive
 entitlement to temporary worker benefits; 

errors
 and omissions by our temporary workers; 

misuse
 of customer proprietary information; 

misappropriation
 of funds; 

damage
 to customer facilities due to negligence of temporary workers; and 

criminal
 activity. 

We
may incur fines and other losses or negative publicity with respect to these problems. In addition, these claims may give rise to litigation,
which could be time-consuming and expensive. New employment and labor laws and regulations may be proposed or adopted that may increase
the potential exposure of employers to employment-related claims and litigation. There can be no assurance that the corporate policies
we have in place to help reduce our exposure to these risks will be effective or that we will not experience losses as a result of these
risks. There can also be no assurance that the insurance policies we have purchased to insure against certain risks will be adequate
or that insurance coverage will remain available on reasonable terms or be sufficient in amount or scope of coverage. 

Provisions
in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult and may prevent attempts by
our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation and our amended
and restated bylaws (the Bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of us
that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares.
These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby
depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders
to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our Board of Directors
(the Board ). Because our Board is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could
in turn affect any attempt by our stockholders to replace current members of our management team. Among others, these provisions include
that: 

our
 Board has the exclusive right to expand the size of our Board and to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of
 the Board or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our
 Board; 

13 

a
 special meeting of stockholders may be called only by a majority of the Board, the executive chairman or the president, which may
 delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 

our
 stockholders do not have the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders
 to elect director candidates; 

our
 Board may alter our Bylaws without obtaining stockholder approval; 

stockholders
 must provide advance notice and additional disclosures in order to nominate individuals for election to the Board or to propose matters
 that can be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation
 of proxies to elect the acquiror s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company; and 

our
 Board is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the terms of those shares, including preferences and voting
 rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquiror. 

In
addition, the terms of the Jackson Note limit our ability to consolidate, merge, or transfer all or substantially all of our assets or
to effect a change in control of ownership of our company. A breach of such restrictions could result in a default under the Jackson
Note, under which Jackson may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings under the Jackson Note, together with accrued interest and
other amounts payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. 

Moreover,
because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which
prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three
years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger
or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 

Furthermore,
our Certificate of Incorporation specifies that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, a state court
located within the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for most legal actions involving actions brought against us
by stockholders, which may include federal claims and derivative actions, except that if no state court located within the State of Delaware
has jurisdiction over such claims (including subject matter jurisdiction), the sole and exclusive forum for such claim shall be the federal
district court for the District of Delaware. We believe these provisions may benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application
of Delaware law and federal securities laws by chancellors and judges, as applicable, particularly experienced in resolving corporate
disputes, efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule relative to other forums and protection against the burdens
of multi-forum litigation. However, these provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers.
The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged
in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against us, a court could find the choice
of forum provisions contained in the Certificate of Incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. Specifically, the
choice of forum provision in requiring that the state courts of the State of Delaware be the exclusive forum for certain suits would
(i) not be enforceable with respect to any suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act and (ii) have uncertain
enforceability with respect to claims under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The choice of
forum provision in the Certificate of Incorporation does not have the effect of causing our stockholders to have waived our obligation
to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Industry 

Our
growth of operations could strain our resources and cause our business to suffer. 

While
we plan to continue growing our business organically through expansion, sales efforts, and strategic acquisitions, while maintaining
tight controls on our expenses and overhead, lean overhead functions combined with focused growth may place a strain on our management
systems, infrastructure and resources, resulting in internal control failures, missed opportunities, and staff attrition which could
impact our business and results of operations. 

14 

Our
strategy of growing through acquisitions may impact our business in unexpected ways. 

Our
growth strategy involves acquisitions that help us expand our service offerings and diversify our geographic footprint. We continuously
evaluate acquisition opportunities, but there are no assurances that we will be able to identify acquisition targets that complement
our strategy and are available at valuation levels accretive to our business. 

Even
if we are successful in acquiring, our acquisitions may subject our business to risks that may impact our results of operations, including: 

inability
 to integrate acquired companies effectively and realize anticipated synergies and benefits from the acquisitions; 

diversion
 of management s attention to the integration of the acquired businesses at the expense of delivering results for the legacy
 business; 

inability
 to appropriately scale critical resources to support the business of the expanded enterprise and other unforeseen challenges of operating
 the acquired business as part of our operations; 

inability
 to retain key employees of the acquired businesses and/or inability of such key employees to be effective as part of our operations; 

impact
 of liabilities of the acquired businesses undiscovered or underestimated as part of the acquisition due diligence; 

failure
 to realize anticipated growth opportunities from a combined business, because existing and potential clients may be unwilling to
 consolidate business with a single supplier or to stay with the acquirer post acquisition; 

impacts
 of cash on hand and debt incurred to finance acquisitions, thus reducing liquidity for other significant strategic objectives; and 

internal
 controls, disclosure controls, corruption prevention policies, human resources and other key policies and practices of the acquired
 companies may be inadequate or ineffective. 

We
operate in an intensely competitive and rapidly changing business environment, and there is a substantial risk that our services could
become obsolete or uncompetitive. 

The
markets for our services are highly competitive. Our markets are characterized by pressures to provide high levels of service, incorporate
new capabilities and technologies, accelerate job completion schedules and reduce prices. Furthermore, we face competition from a number
of sources, including other executive search firms and professional search, staffing and consulting firms. Several of our competitors
have greater financial and marketing resources than we do. New and existing competitors are aided by technology, and the market has low
barriers to entry. Furthermore, Internet employment sites expand a company s ability to find workers without the help of traditional
agencies. Personnel agencies often work as intermediaries, helping employers accurately describe job openings and screen candidates.
Increasing the use of sophisticated, automated job description and candidate screening tools could make many traditional functions of
staffing companies obsolete. Specifically, the increased use of the internet may attract technology-oriented companies to the professional
staffing industry. Free social networking sites such as LinkedIn and Facebook are also becoming a common way for recruiters and employees
to connect without the assistance of a staffing company. 

Our
future success will depend largely upon our ability to anticipate and keep pace with those developments and advances. Current or future
competitors could develop alternative capabilities and technologies that are more effective, easier to use or more economical than our
services. In addition, we believe that, with continuing development and increased availability of information technology, the industries
in which we compete may attract new competitors. If our capabilities and technologies become obsolete or uncompetitive, our related sales
and revenue would decrease. Due to competition, we may experience reduced margins on our services, loss of market share, and loss of
customers. If we are not able to compete effectively with current or future competitors as a result of these and other factors, our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

15 

Risks
Relating to our Common Stock 

We
may not meet the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market, which could result in a delisting of our common stock. 

Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (Nasdaq ). We have in the past, and may in the future, be unable to comply with certain of the listing
standards that we are required to meet to maintain the listing of our common shares on Nasdaq. We have in the past received
deficiency letters from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that we did not meet the minimum bid price
requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement or the minimum
stockholders equity requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1), which requires listed companies to maintain
stockholders equity of at least 2.5 million (the Stockholders Equity Requirement ). 

For
example, on June 3, 2020, we received a letter from the Staff (the Staff of Nasdaq notifying us that we were no longer
in compliance with the Stockholders Equity Requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq. A hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel
(the Panel was held on January 21, 2021, and we were granted an extension to regain compliance until February 28, 2021,
which was subsequently further extended to May 31, 2021. On June 28, 2021, we received a letter from the Staff notifying us that the
Panel determined that we had regained compliance with the Stockholders Equity Requirement. The Panel also imposed a panel monitor
(the Panel Monitor under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5815(d)(4)(A) for a period of one year from the date of the June 28, 2021
letter, during which period we were expected to remain in compliance with all of Nasdaq s continued listing requirements. 

On
February 23, 2022, we received a letter from the Staff notifying us that we were no longer in compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement,
for continued listing on Nasdaq. On April 12, 2022, we received a letter from Nasdaq notifying us that the Panel determined to grant
our request for continued listing on Nasdaq, subject to, among other provisions, effecting a reverse stock split and demonstrating compliance
with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. On each of April 19, 2022 and May 20, 2022, we received letters from the Staff notifying us that
as we had not yet filed our Form 10-K for the period ended January 1, 2022 and our Form 10-Q for the period ended April 2, 2022, each
such matter serving as an additional basis for delisting our securities from Nasdaq under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(2)(A). On May 4,
2022 the Panel granted us an extension request until July 11, 2022 to demonstrate compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. 

On
June 23, 2022, we effected the 1-for-10 Reverse Stock Split, on June 24, 2022, we filed our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended January 1, 2022, and on July 14, 2022, we filed our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 2, 2022. On July
15, 2022, we received a letter from the Staff informing us that we had regained compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement and
the subsequent delinquency concerns as described above. The letter additionally informed us that we are in compliance with the terms
of the Panel Monitor. We are now in compliance with the listing requirements required for continued listing on Nasdaq. Accordingly, the
Panel determined to continue the listing of our securities on Nasdaq and the aforementioned matters are now closed. 

If
Nasdaq delists our common stock from trading on its exchange for failure to meet the listing standards, an investor would likely find
it significantly more difficult to dispose of or obtain our shares, and our ability to raise future capital through the sale of our shares
or issue our shares as consideration in acquisitions could be severely limited. Additionally, we may not be able to list our common stock
on another national securities exchange, which could result in our securities being quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were
to occur, our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences, including limited availability of market quotations
for our common stock and reduced liquidity for the trading of our securities. Delisting could also have other negative results, including
the potential loss of confidence by employees, the loss of institutional investor interest and fewer business development opportunities. 

A
more active, liquid trading market for our common stock may not develop, and the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. 

Historically,
the market price of our common stock has fluctuated over a wide range. There has been relatively limited trading volume in the market
for our common stock, and a more active, liquid public trading market may not develop or may not be sustained. Limited liquidity in the
trading market for our common stock may adversely affect a stockholder s ability to sell its shares of common stock at the time
it wishes to sell them or at a price that it considers acceptable. If a more active, liquid public trading market does not develop we
may be limited in our ability to raise capital by selling shares of common stock and our ability to acquire other companies or assets
by using shares of our common stock as consideration. In addition, if there is a thin trading market or float for our stock,
the market price for our common stock may fluctuate significantly more than the stock market as a whole. Without a large float, our common
stock would be less liquid than the stock of companies with broader public ownership and, as a result, the trading prices of our common
stock may be more volatile and it would be harder for a stockholder to liquidate any investment in our common stock. Furthermore, the
stock market is subject to significant price and volume fluctuations, and the price of our common stock could fluctuate widely in response
to several factors, including: 

our
 quarterly or annual operating results; 

changes
 in our earnings estimates; 

investment
 recommendations by securities analysts following our business or our industry; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

changes
 in the business, earnings estimates or market perceptions of our competitors; 

our
 failure to achieve operating results consistent with securities analysts projections; 

changes
 in industry, general market or economic conditions; and 

announcements
 of legislative or regulatory changes. 

16 

The
stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations in recent years that have significantly affected the quoted prices
of the securities of many companies, including companies in the staffing industry. The changes often appear to occur without regard to
specific operating performance. The price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with
us and these fluctuations could materially reduce our stock price. 

We
have suspended our dividends in the past and we may not pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 

We
initiated a dividend program in early 2019 under which we intended to pay a regular quarterly cash dividend of 0.10 per share to holders
of our common stock. The first such dividend was paid on February 28, 2019, to shareholders of record as of February 15, 2019, but subsequent
dividends were suspended by our Board. In the future, our Board may, without advance notice, determine to initiate, reduce or suspend
our dividends in order to maintain our financial flexibility and best position us for long-term success. The declaration and amount of
future dividends is at the discretion of our Board and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, prospects,
industry conditions, capital requirements and other factors and restrictions our Board deems relevant. In addition, we are limited in
our ability to pay dividends by certain of our existing agreements. In particular, our debt agreements only permit us to pay a quarterly
cash dividend of one cent per share of common stock issued and outstanding, provided, that such cash dividend does not exceed 100 in
the aggregate per fiscal quarter. We may not pay such dividends if any events of default exist under our debt agreements. 

Accordingly,
we cannot be certain if we will be able to pay quarterly cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently,
investors must mainly rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the primary way to realize
any future gains on their investment. There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain
the price at which our stockholders have purchased their shares. 

Upon
our dissolution, you may not recoup all or any portion of your investment. 

In
the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, our proceeds and/or assets remaining after giving effect to such
transaction, and the payment of all of our debts and liabilities will be distributed to the stockholders of common stock on a pro
rata basis. There can be no assurance that we will have available assets to pay to the holders of common stock, or any amounts, upon
such our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. In this event, you could lose some or all of your investment. 

General
Risk Factors 

Global,
market and economic conditions may negatively impact our business, financial condition and share price. 

Concerns
over inflation, geopolitical issues, the U.S. financial markets, foreign exchange rates, capital and exchange controls, unstable global
credit markets and financial conditions and the COVID-19 pandemic, have led to periods of significant economic instability, declines
in consumer confidence and discretionary spending, diminished expectations for the global economy and expectations of slower global economic
growth going forward, and increased unemployment rates. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic
downturns, volatile business environments and continued unstable or unpredictable economic and market conditions. If these conditions
deteriorate or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to complete, more costly, and more dilutive.
In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current or future service providers and other partners could be negatively affected
by difficult economic times, which could adversely affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget or meet
our business and financial objectives. 

17 

In
addition, we face several risks associated with international business and are subject to global events beyond our control, including
war, public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, trade disputes, economic sanctions, trade wars and their collateral impacts
and other international events. Any of these changes could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition
or results of operations. There may be changes to our business if there is instability, disruption or destruction in a significant geographic
region, regardless of cause, including war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest; and natural or man-made disasters,
including famine, flood, fire, earthquake, storm or disease. In February 2022, armed conflict escalated between Russia and Ukraine. The
sanctions announced by the U.S. and other countries, following Russia s invasion of Ukraine against Russia to date include
restrictions on selling or importing goods, services or technology in or from affected regions and travel bans and asset freezes impacting
connected individuals and political, military, business and financial organizations in Russia. The U.S. and other countries
could impose wider sanctions and take other actions should the conflict further escalate. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences
of this conflict, which could include further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on
macroeconomic conditions, currency exchange rates and financial markets, all of which could impact our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects has adversely affected our business and may continue to adversely affect our business. 

In
December 2019, a strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, and spread globally. The COVID-19 pandemic has,
from time to time, led to government-imposed quarantines, limitations on business activity and shelter-in-place mandates to mitigate
or contain the virus, and has contributed to financial market volatility and uncertainty, significant disruptions in general commercial
activity and the global economy, including in the U.S. and the U.K. where our operations are based. Much of the independent
contractor work we provide to our clients is performed at the site of our clients. As a result, we are subject to the plans and approaches
of our clients have made to address the COVID-19 pandemic, such as whether they support remote working or if they have simply closed
their facilities and furloughed employees. To the extent that our clients were to decide or are required to close their facilities, or
not permit remote work when they close facilities, we would no longer generate revenue and profit from that client. In addition, in the
event that our clients businesses suffer or close as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may experience decline in our revenue
or write-off of receivables from such clients. Developments such as social distancing and shelter-in-place directives have impacted our
ability to deploy our staffing workforce effectively during the COVID-19 pandemic, thereby impacting contracts with customers in our
commercial staffing and professional staffing business streams, and may continue to impact our business and results of operations should
such measures be implemented again. While some government-imposed precautionary measures have been relaxed in certain countries or states,
more strict measures may be put in place again due to a resurgence in COVID-19 cases or emergence of new variants of the virus. 

Our
business was impacted in the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, by numerous
government-mandated lockdown periods in the U.S. and U.K. This had a large impact on the financial results of
our numerous business streams, which differed in their financial recoveries primarily due to the geographies and industries in which
they operate. 

The
ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects continues to be highly uncertain and subject to future developments.
A continuation or worsening of the levels of market disruption and volatility seen in the recent past could have an adverse effect on
our ability to access capital and on the market price of our common stock and affect our ability to successfully raise needed capital.
If we are unsuccessful in raising capital in the future, we may need to reduce activities, curtail or cease operations. The COVID-19
pandemic and its ongoing effects may continue to disrupt the marketplaces in which we operate, which may negatively affect our business,
results of operations and overall liquidity, as it has previously. 

18 

We
depend on attracting, integrating, managing, and retaining qualified personnel. 

Our
success is substantially dependent upon our ability to attract, integrate, manage and retain personnel who possess the skills and experience
necessary to fulfill our customers needs. Our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel could be impaired by any diminution
of our reputation, decrease in compensation levels relative to our competitors or modifications to our total compensation philosophy
or competitor hiring programs. If we cannot attract, hire and retain qualified personnel, our business, financial condition and results
of operations may suffer. Our future success also depends upon our ability to manage the performance of our personnel. Failure to successfully
manage the performance of our personnel could affect our profitability by causing operating inefficiencies that could increase operating
expenses and reduce operating income. An overall tightening and competitive labor market in the U.S. employment market generally, especially
in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, has been observed in the U.S. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our
employee base, caused by the COVID-19 pandemic or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could lead to increased costs, such as
increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees, and could negatively affect our ability to
efficiently operate and our overall business. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high-level, or
if mitigation measures, we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability have unintended negative effects, our business could
be adversely affected. An overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation caused by the COVID-19
pandemic or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could have a material adverse impact on our operations, results of operations,
liquidity or cash flows. 

We
depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified temporary workers. 

In
addition to the members of our own team, our success is substantially dependent on our ability to recruit and retain qualified temporary
workers who possess the skills and experience necessary to meet the staffing requirements of our customers. We are required to continually
evaluate our base of available qualified personnel to keep pace with changing customer needs. Competition for individuals with proven
professional skills is intense, and demand for these individuals is expected to remain strong for the foreseeable future. There can be
no assurance that qualified personnel will continue to be available. 

If
we are unable to retain existing customers or attract new customers, our business and results of operations could suffer. 

Increasing
the growth and profitability of our business is particularly dependent upon our ability to retain existing customers and capture additional
customers. Our ability to do so is dependent upon our ability to provide high quality services and offer competitive prices. If we are
unable to execute these tasks effectively, we may not be able to attract a significant number of new customers and our existing customer
base could decrease, either or both of which could have an adverse impact on our business and revenues. 

We
are dependent upon technology services, and if we experience damage, service interruptions or failures in our computer and telecommunications
systems, our customer relationships and our ability to attract new customers may be adversely affected. 

Our
business could be interrupted by damage to or disruption of our computer and telecommunications equipment and software systems, and we
may lose data. Our customers businesses may be adversely affected by any system or equipment failure we experience. As a result
of any of the foregoing, our relationships with our customers may be impaired, we may lose customers, our ability to attract new customers
may be adversely affected and we could be exposed to contractual liability. Precautions in place to protect us from, or minimize the
effect of, such events may not be adequate. If an interruption by damage to or disruption of our computer and telecommunications equipment
and software systems occurs, we could be liable, and the market perception of our services could be harmed. 

Our
management has identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting relating to the lack of a sufficient complement
of competent finance personnel to appropriately account for, review and disclose the completeness and accuracy of transactions entered
into by the Company. This material weakness, if not remediated, could result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial
statements. We may be unable to develop, implement and maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting. If we fail to
maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results
and current and potential stockholders may lose confidence in our financial reporting. 

19 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and the SEC rules require that our management report annually on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures. Among other things, our management must conduct an assessment of our internal control
over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as required
by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

A
 material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. During the preparation of our financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2022, we and our auditors identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. We lack a sufficient complement
of competent finance personnel to appropriately account for, review, and disclose the completeness and accuracy of transactions entered
into by us. In addition, the Company has ineffective design and operating effectiveness over forecasts used in our annual goodwill and
intangibles evaluation. As part of our remediation plan, we hired additional employees and external consultants who have the technical
skillset to improve our financial reporting; implement new policies, procedures and controls; properly review transactions recorded and
classified in the financial statements; provide effective design and operating effectiveness over forecasts; and ensure proper accounting
and related disclosures for complex accounting matters when necessary both in the U.S. and U.K. 

Although
we are working to remedy the material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting discussed above and have so far implemented
additional controls relating to payroll, treasury, and accounts payable, there can be no assurance as to when the remediation plan will
be fully developed, when it will be fully implemented or the aggregate cost of implementation. Until our remediation plan is fully implemented,
our management will continue to devote significant time and attention to these efforts. If we do not complete our remediation in a timely
fashion, or at all, or if our remediation plan is inadequate, there will continue to be an increased risk that we will be unable to timely
file future periodic reports with the SEC and that our future consolidated financial statements could contain errors that will be undetected.
Further and continued determinations that there are material weaknesses in the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
relating the above items could also reduce our ability to obtain financing or could increase the cost of any financing we obtain and
require additional expenditures of both money and our management s time to comply with applicable requirements. 

Any
failure to implement or maintain required new or improved controls, or any difficulties we encounter in their implementation, could result
in additional material weaknesses, or could result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. These misstatements
could result in a restatement of our consolidated financial statements, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, reduce our
ability to obtain financing or cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, leading to a decline in our
stock price. 

There
are inherent limitations in all control systems, and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

The
ongoing internal control provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 require us to identify material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting, which is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. Our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, does not expect that our internal controls and disclosure controls will prevent
all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefit of controls must be relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, in our business have
been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can
occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Further, controls can be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of
two or more persons, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving our stated
goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control may be inadequate because of changes in conditions, such as growth
of our business or increased transaction volume, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because
of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

20 

In
addition, discovery and disclosure of a material weakness could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements. Such an occurrence
could discourage certain customers or suppliers from doing business with us, cause downgrades in our future debt ratings leading to higher
borrowing costs and affect how our stock trades. This could, in turn, negatively affect our ability to access public debt or equity markets
for capital. 

Our
compliance with complicated regulations concerning corporate governance and public disclosure has resulted in additional expenses. 

We
are faced with expensive, complicated and evolving disclosure, governance and compliance laws, regulations and standards relating to
corporate governance and public disclosure. In addition, as a staffing company, we are regulated by the U.S. Department of Labor, the
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and often by state authorities. New or changing laws, regulations and standards are subject
to varying interpretations in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and their application in practice may evolve over time as
new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies, which could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters
and higher costs necessitated by ongoing compliance work. 

Our
failure to comply with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to U.S. public companies could subject us or our management to regulatory
scrutiny or sanction, which could harm our reputation and stock price. Our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards
are likely to continue to result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from
revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 

The
requirements of being a public company place significant demands on our resources. 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq, have imposed various
requirements on public companies. New laws and regulations as well as changes to existing laws and regulations affecting public companies,
including the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and changes
in required accounting practices and rules adopted by the SEC and Nasdaq, would likely result in increased costs to us as we respond
to their requirements. 

Shareholder
activism, the current political environment, and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to
substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which
we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial
amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance
costs and will make some activities more time consuming and costly. For example, these rules and regulations make it more difficult and
more expensive for us to obtain and maintain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to incur substantial costs
to maintain our current levels of such coverage. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

21 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

The
Company leases 6,960 square feet of space at 757 Third Avenue, 27 th Floor, New York, NY 10017, its headquarters and principal
location. The Company s lease for this space will expire in 2029. The Company currently has a total of 17 facilities throughout
the U.S. and the U.K. This includes U.K. offices in London and Redhill, England, as well as offices in the following states in the U.S.:
New York, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and North Carolina. 

All
offices are operated from leased space ranging from approximately 1,200 to 10,000 square feet, typically through operating leases with
terms that range from six months to ten years, and thus with expirations from 2023 through 2029. We believe that our facilities are adequate
for our current requirements and that the Company s leasing strategies provide us with sufficient flexibility to accommodate our
business needs. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From
time to time, we may become involved in lawsuits, investigations and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. 

Whitaker
v. Monroe Staffing Services, LLC Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. 

On
December 5, 2019, former owner of Key Resources, Inc. KRI ), Pamela D. Whitaker Whitaker or Plaintiff ),
filed a complaint in Guilford County, North Carolina (the North Carolina Action asserting claims for breach of contract
and declaratory judgment against Monroe Staffing Services LLC Monroe and the Company (collectively, the Defendants arising out of the alleged non-payment of certain earn-out payments and interest purportedly due under a share purchase agreement (the
 Whitaker Share Purchase Agreement pursuant to which Whitaker sold all issued and outstanding shares in her staffing agency,
KRI, to Monroe in August 2018. Whitaker sought 4,054,395 in alleged damages. 

Defendants
removed the action to the Middle District of North Carolina on January 7, 2020, and Plaintiff moved to remand on February 4, 2020. Briefing
on the motion to remand concluded on February 24, 2020. Separately, Defendants moved to dismiss the action on January 14, 2020, based
on Plaintiff s failure to state a claim, improper venue, and lack of personal jurisdiction as to defendant Staffing 360 Solutions,
Inc. Alternatively, Defendants sought a transfer of the action to the Southern District of New York, based on the plain language of the
Whitaker Share Purchase Agreement s forum selection clause. Briefing on Defendants motion to dismiss concluded on February
18, 2020. On February 28, 2020, Plaintiff moved for leave to file an amended complaint. Defendants filed their opposition to the motion
for leave on March 19, 2020. Plaintiff thereafter filed a reply. 

On
June 29, 2020, Magistrate Judge Joe L. Webster issued a Report and Recommendation on the pending motions, recommending that Defendants 
motion to dismiss be granted with regard to Defendants request to transfer the matter to the Southern District of New York, and
denied in all other regards without prejudice to Defendants raising those arguments again in the new forum. Magistrate Judge Webster
also recommended that Plaintiff s motion to remand be denied and motion to amend be left to the discretion of the Southern District
of New York. 

Plaintiff
filed an objection to the Report and Recommendation on July 9, 2020. Defendants responded on July 23, 2020. On February 19, 2021, the
District Court issued a decision that reversed the Magistrate Judge s Order. The District Court granted Plaintiff s motion
to remand and denied Defendants motion to dismiss as moot. Defendants filed a Notice of Appeal to the Fourth Circuit on February
25, 2021, and filed their opening brief on April 21, 2021. Plaintiff filed her response brief on May 21, 2021, and Defendants replied
on June 11, 2021. Oral argument was held on March 9, 2022. On July 22, 2022, the Fourth Circuit issued a decision to vacate the District
Court s decision and ordered the North Carolina District Court to transfer the North Carolina Action to the Southern District of
New York for adjudication there in accordance with the Whitaker Share Purchase Agreement s forum selection clause. 

Monroe
Staffing Services, LLC Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. v. Whitaker 

Separately,
on February 26, 2020, the Company and Monroe filed an action against Whitaker in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York (Case No. 1:20-cv-01716) (the New York Action ). The New York Action concerns claims for breach of contract
and fraudulent inducement arising from various misrepresentations made by Whitaker to the Company and Monroe in advance of, and included
in, the Whitaker Share Purchase Agreement. The Company and Monroe are seeking damages in an amount to be determined at trial but in no
event less than 6,000. On April 28, 2020, Whitaker filed a motion to dismiss the New York Action on both procedural and substantive
grounds. On June 11, 2020, Monroe and the Company filed their opposition to Whitaker s motion to dismiss. On July 9, 2020 Whitaker
filed reply papers in further support of the motion. 

22 

On
October 13, 2020, the Court denied Whitaker s motion to dismiss, in part, and granted the motion, in part. The Court rejected Whitaker s
procedural arguments but granted the motion on substantive grounds. However, the Court ordered that Monroe and the Company may seek leave
to amend the complaint by letter application by December 1, 2020. Monroe and the Company filed a letter of motion for leave to amend
and a proposed Amended Complaint on December 1, 2020. On January 5, 2021, Whitaker filed an opposition to the letter motion. On January
25, 2021, Monroe and the Company filed a reply in further support of the letter motion. On March 9, 2021, the Court granted Monroe and
the Company s motion for leave to amend, in part, and denied the motion, in part. The Court rejected Monroe and the Company s
claim for fraudulent inducement but granted the motion for leave to amend their breach of contract claim. Monroe and the Company filed
their amended complaint on March 12, 2021. 

On
April 9, 2021, Whitaker renewed her motion to dismiss on procedural grounds, requesting dismissal of the action or, in the alternative,
a stay of the proceeding pending adjudication on the merits of the North Carolina Action. On May 14, 2021, Monroe and the Company filed
an opposition to the motion to dismiss. On June 21, 2021, Whitaker filed a reply in further support of the motion. The Court referred
the case to Magistrate Judge Barbara Moses, who held oral argument on the motion on November 9, 2021. On March 8, 2022, Magistrate Judge
Moses stayed the action pending a decision by the Fourth Circuit on the appeal filed by Monroe and the Company in the North Carolina
Action. 

In
light of the Fourth Circuit s issuance of its July 22, 2022, decision and order transferring the North Carolina Action to the Southern
District of New York, on August 1, 2022, the parties to the New York Action wrote to the Magistrate overseeing the matter to request
a conference to address, inter alia, the resumption of discovery in light of the Fourth Circuit s Order issued on July 22, 2022.
On August 3, 2022, Magistrate Judge Moses lifted the stay previously imposed in the matter and ordered the parties to appear at a teleconference
held on August 16, 2022. At the teleconference, the parties agreed that the North Carolina Action would be dismissed following its transfer
to the Southern District of New York without prejudice to Whitaker s right to assert the same causes of action, based on substantially
similar allegations, as counterclaims in the New York Action and that Whitaker would have until September 30, 2022, to do so. The Court
ordered the parties to submit a stipulation to this effect by August 23, 2022. Per the Court s Order, on August 22, 2022, the parties
filed a stipulation and proposed order whereby the parties agreed that Whitaker would voluntarily dismiss the North Carolina Action,
and would reassert the causes of action set forth in the Proposed Amended Complaint filed in the North Carolina Action as counterclaims
in the New York Action; and set forth deadlines for the filing of Whitaker s answer and counterclaims Plaintiffs response
to such counterclaims. The Court so-ordered that stipulation on August 23, 2022. 

On
September 30, 2022, Whitaker filed an answer and counterclaims, including (1) a cause of action for breach of contract, which was substantially
similar to Whitaker s breach of contract in the North Carolina Action (the Breach of Contract Counterclaim ), and
(2) a cause of action under New York and North Carolina consumer protection statutes, asserting that that Plaintiffs exhibited a pattern
and practice in the purchase of businesses similar to KRI by which they allegedly, endeavor[ ] to acquire the purchased company
at a discount of the agreed-upon purchase price by making an initial down payment, then reneging on payment of deferred compensation
or earnouts and fabricating a pretextual reason for nonpayment at the time the deferred compensation or earnouts become due (the
Consumer Protection Counterclaim ). For the Consumer Protection Counterclaim, Defendant seeks to recover the full amount of the
Earnout Payments 4,054,396) the very same damages sought by Defendant s Contract Counterclaim as well as trebled
damages pursuant to the North Carolina statute, and interest. 

On
October 12, 2022, the parties filed a joint pre-conference statement pursuant to the court s August 24, 2022, order scheduling
an initial case management conference. Pursuant to that order, on October 19, 2022, the Court held an initial case management conference.
Later that day, the Court issued an initial case management order which set forth relevant deadlines, including the close of fact discovery
on April 21, 2023, and the close of all discovery (including expert discovery) on July 19, 2023. 

On
November 11, 2022, Plaintiffs moved to dismiss the Consumer Protection Counterclaim. Briefing on Plaintiffs motion was
completed on December 22, 2022. The motion to dismiss remains pending. Monroe and the Company intend to pursue their claims
vigorously. 

As
of the date of this filing, we are not aware of any other material legal proceedings to which we or any of our subsidiaries is a party
or to which any of our property is subject, other than as disclosed above. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

23 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Shares
of the Company s common stock are traded on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol STAF. 

Holders
of Common Stock 

As
of May 18, 2023, there were approximately 504 shareholders of record of the Company s common stock. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Other than those sales of unregistered securities
that have been disclosed by the Company in its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or its Current Reports on Form 8-K, the following are the
only sales of unregistered securities during the period January 2, 2022 through December 31, 2022 - we issued 5,000 shares of common stock
to each of Terri MacInnis and Harvey Bibicoff, with an aggregate value of 30 in return for investor relations advisory services. The
shares were issued in reliance upon an exemption pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Dividends 

We initiated a dividend program in early 2019
under which we intended to pay a regular quarterly cash dividend of 0.10 per share to holders of our common stock. The first such dividend
was paid on February 28, 2019 to shareholders of record as of February 15, 2019, but subsequent dividends were suspended by our Board.
In the future, our Board may, without advance notice, determine to initiate, reduce or suspend our dividends in order to maintain our
financial flexibility and best position us for long-term success. The declaration and amount of future dividends is at the discretion
of our Board and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, prospects, industry conditions, capital requirements
and other factors and restrictions our Board deems relevant. In addition, we are limited in our ability to pay dividends by certain of
our existing agreements. In particular, our debt agreements only permit us to pay a quarterly cash dividend of one cent per share of
common stock issued and outstanding, provided that such cash dividend does not exceed 100 in the aggregate per fiscal quarter. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED]. 

24 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. This section includes a number of forward-looking
statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that reflect our current views with respect to
future events and financial performance. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future, including, but not
limited to, statements about our plans, strategies, adequacy of resources and future financial results (such as revenue, gross profit,
operating profit, cash flow), are forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by words like
 anticipates, believes, expects, may, will, can, could, 
 should, intends, project, predict, plans, estimates, 
 goal, target, possible, potential, would, seek, and
similar references to future periods. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks, uncertainties
and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Because these forward-looking statements are based on estimates and assumptions that are
subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control or are subject to change,
actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in these forward-looking statements. Important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: negative
outcome of pending and future claims and litigation; our ability to access the capital markets by pursuing additional debt and equity
financing to fund our business plan and expenses on terms acceptable to us or at all; and our ability to comply with our contractual
covenants, including in respect of our debt; potential cost overruns and possible rejection of our business model and/or sales methods;
weakness in general economic conditions and levels of capital spending by customers in the industries we serve; weakness or volatility
in the financial and capital markets, which may result in the postponement or cancellation of our customers capital projects or
the inability of our customers to pay our fees; delays or reductions in U.S. government spending; credit risks associated with our customers;
competitive market pressures; the availability and cost of qualified labor; our level of success in attracting, training and retaining
qualified management personnel and other staff employees; changes in tax laws and other government regulations, including the impact
of health care reform laws and regulations; the possibility of incurring liability for our business activities, including, but not limited
to, the activities of our temporary employees; our performance on customer contracts; and government policies, legislation or judicial
decisions adverse to our businesses. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date hereof. We assume no obligation to update such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise, except as required by law. We recommend readers to carefully review the entirety of this Annual Report, including the Risk
Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report and the other reports and documents we file from time to time with the Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC ), particularly our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K. 

Overview 

We
are incorporated in the state of Delaware. As a rapidly growing public company in the international staffing sector, our high-growth
business model is based on finding and acquiring suitable, mature, profitable, operating, U.S. and U.K. based staffing companies. Our
targeted consolidation model is focused specifically on the Professional Business Stream and Commercial Business Stream disciplines. 

The
Company focuses on five strategic verticals that represent sub-segments of the staffing industry. These five strategic pillars,
Accounting Finance, Information Technology, Engineering, Administration, and Commercial are the basis for the Company s
sales and revenue generation and its growth acquisition targets. The acquisition of Headway in May 2022 added 33 revenue, or 60.7
million to 184.1 million of revenue from the business excluding Headway. In addition, it added strategic levers that the
Company will build upon moving forward. The Headway business included approximately 60 million in EOR Employer of
Record service contracts. EOR projects are typically large volume, long-term providing HR outsourcing of payroll and
benefits for a contingent workforce. EOR projects while priced with lower gross margin percentages than traditional temporary
staffing assignments, yield a comparable contribution as a result of lower costs to deliver these services. Typical contribution for
EOR projects would be 80-85 of the gross profit earned, compared to 40-50 for traditional staffing which negates the impact of
lower gross margins. This EOR service offering could be easily added to the Company s other Brands, providing for a growth
element within the existing client base, both in the US and UK markets. The Headway business also brought an active workforce in all
50 states in the US, as well as Puerto Rico and Washington DC. This will provide for potential expansion of accounts for all brands
in the group s portfolio Brands ). 

The
Company has developed a centralized, sales and recruitment hub in both the US and UK markets. The addition of Headway, with its single
office, and nationwide coverage for operations, supports and accelerates the Company s objective of driving efficiencies through
the use of technology, deemphasizing bricks and mortar, supporting more efficient and cost-effective service delivery for all Brands. 

The
Company has a management team with significant operational and M A experience. The combination of this management experience and
the increased opportunity for expansion of its Core Brands with EOR services and nationwide expansion, provide for the opportunity of
significant organic growth, while plans to continue its business model, finding and acquiring suitable, mature, profitable, operating,
U.S. and U.K. based staffing companies continues. 

We
effected a one-for-ten reverse stock split on June 24, 2022 (the Reverse Stock Split ). All share and per share information
in the consolidated financial statements has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. 

Business Model, Operating
History and Acquisitions 

We are a high-growth international
staffing company engaged in the acquisition of U.S. and U.K. based staffing companies. As part of our consolidation model, we pursue
a broad spectrum of staffing companies supporting primarily the Professional and Commercial Business Streams. Our typical acquisition
model is based on paying consideration in the form of cash, stock, earn-outs and/or promissory notes. In furthering our business model,
we are regularly in discussions and negotiations with various suitable, mature acquisition targets. To date, we have completed 11 acquisitions
since November 2013. 

Recent
Developments 

COVID-19 

In
December 2019, a strain of coronavirus COVID-19 was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, and has spread
globally, resulting in government-imposed quarantines, travel restrictions and other public health safety measures in affected
countries. The COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects are continuing to impact worldwide economic activity, and activity in the
U.S. and the U.K. where our operations are based. Much of the independent contractor work we provide to our clients is performed at
the site of our clients. Given that the magnitude and duration of COVID-19 s impact on our business and operations remain
uncertain, the continued spread of COVID-19 (including the emergence and persistence of variants relating thereto) and the
imposition of related public health containment measures and travel and business restrictions could have a material adverse impact
on our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. While workforce disruptions relating to COVID-19 had
largely subsided by the end of Fiscal 2022, a resurgence of COVID-19 or emergence of new and more infectious strains of COVID-19 or
other viruses could negatively impact revenue in fiscal year 2023 and the Company s overall liquidity. 

While
the ultimate economic impact brought by, and the duration of, the COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects may be difficult to assess
or predict, the pandemic has resulted in significant disruptions in general commercial activity and the global economy and caused financial
market volatility and uncertainty in significant and unforeseen ways in the recent years. A continuation or worsening of the levels of
market disruption and volatility seen in the recent past could have an adverse effect on our ability to access capital and on the market
price of our common stock, and we may not be able to successfully raise needed capital. If we are unsuccessful in raising capital in
the future, we may need to reduce activities, curtail, or cease operations. 

In
addition, the continuation or worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic, its ongoing effects or an outbreak of other infectious diseases could
result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, resulting in an economic
downturn that could impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In as much as we could, we have planned measures to navigate through a possible economic downturn should one occur. 

25 

Nasdaq
Bid Price Requirement 

On
February 23, 2022, we received a letter from the Listing Qualifications of Nasdaq notifying us that we were no longer in compliance with
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Bid Price Requirement ), for continued listing on Nasdaq. Pursuant to the Panel Decision,
we were not eligible for the 180-day bid price compliance period set forth in the Listing Rules. On March 2, 2022, we timely requested
a hearing before the Panel, which was held on March 31, 2022. On April 12, 2022, we received a letter from Nasdaq notifying us that the
Panel determined to grant our request for continued listing on Nasdaq, subject to the following: (i) on or about May 2, 2022, we would
advise the Panel of the status of the proxy statement it plans to file to obtain shareholder approval for a reverse stock split, (ii)
on or about May 23, 2022, we would advise the Panel on the status of the shareholder meeting we plan to hold to obtain approval of the
reverse stock split, (iii) on or about May 26, 2022, we would affect a reverse stock split and (iv) on or before about June 22, 2022,
we would demonstrate compliance with the Bid Price Requirement by evidencing a closing bid price above 1.00 per share for the previous
ten consecutive trading sessions. On each of April 19, 2022, and May 20, 2022, we received letters from the Staff notifying us that as
we had not yet filed our Form 10-K for the period ended January 1, 2022 and our Form 10-Q for the period ended April 2, 2022, each such
matter serving as an additional basis for delisting our securities from Nasdaq under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(2)(A). On May 4, 2022,
the Panel granted us an extension request until July 11, 2022 to demonstrate compliance with the Bid Price Requirement. 

On
June 23, 2022, we effected the Reverse Stock Split, on June 24, 2022, we filed our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January
1, 2022, and on July 14, 2022, we filed our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 2, 2022. On
July 15, 2022, we received a letter from the Staff informing the Company that it had regained compliance with the Rule and the subsequent
delinquency concerns as described above. The letter additionally informed us that we were in compliance with the terms of the Panel Monitor.
We are now in compliance with the listing requirements required for continued listing on Nasdaq. Accordingly, the Panel determined to
continue the listing of our securities on Nasdaq and the matter is now closed. 

Headway
Acquisition 

On
April 18, 2022, we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Headway, pursuant to which, among other
things, the Company agreed to purchase all of the issued and outstanding securities of Headway in exchange for (i) a cash payment of
 14, and (ii) 9,000,000 shares of our Series H Convertible Preferred Stock, with a value equal to the Closing Payment, as defined in
the Stock Purchase Agreement. On May 18, 2022, the Headway Acquisition closed. 

The
purchase price in connection with the Headway Acquisition was 9,000, subject to adjustment as provided in the Stock Purchase
Agreement. Pursuant to certain covenants in the Stock Purchase Agreement, we may be subject to a Contingent Payment of up to 4,450
based on the Adjusted EBITDA (such term as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement) of Headway during the Contingent Period (such
term as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement). The purpose of the acquisition was to expand the market share of our primary
business by providing future economic benefit of expanding services. We anticipate that the Headway Acquisition will provide us the ability to integrate the business of Headway into our existing
temporary professional staffing business in the US within the expected timeframe which would enable us to operate more
effectively and efficiently and to create synergy and to lower costs of operations. 

26 

July
2022 Private Placement 

On
July 1, 2022, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors for the issuance and
sale of a private placement of 657,858 shares of common stock or pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common stock, and warrants
(the July 2022 Warrants to purchase up to 657,858 shares of common stock, with an exercise price of 5.85 per share. The
July 2022 Warrants are exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a term of exercise equal to five and one-half years from the date
of issuance. The combined purchase price for one share of common stock (or pre-funded warrant) and one associated warrant to purchase
one share of common stock was 6.10. 

In
connection with the private placement, each investor entered into Warrant Amendment Agreements to amend the exercise prices of certain
existing warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 657,858 shares of our common stock that were previously issued to the investors,
with exercise prices ranging from 18.50 to 38.00 per share and expiration dates ranging from July 22, 2026, to November 1, 2026. The
Warrant Amendment Agreements became effective upon the closing of the July 2022 Private Placement and pursuant to the Warrant Amendment
Agreements, the amended warrants have a reduced exercise price of 5.85 per share and expire five and one-half years following the closing
of the July 2022 Private Placement. 

We
used the net proceeds received from the private placement for general working capital purposes. 

Note
Purchase Agreement with Jackson Investment Group, LLC 

On
October 27, 2022, the Company entered into the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement with Jackson, which amended and restated
the Amended Note Purchase Agreement, dated October 26, 2020, as amended, and issued to Jackson the Jackson Note, with a remaining outstanding
principal balance of approximately 9.0 million. 

Under
the terms of the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement and Jackson Note, the Company is required to pay interest on the
Jackson Note at a per annum rate of 12 and in the event the Company has not repaid in cash at least 50 of the outstanding principal
balance of the Jackson Note by October 27, 2023, then interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Jackson Note shall continue
to accrue at 16 per annum of the outstanding principal balance of the Jackson Note until the Jackson Note is repaid in full. The Third
Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement also extends the maturity date of the Jackson Note from October 28, 2022, to October 14,
2024. 

In
addition, pursuant to the terms of the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, until all principal interest and fees due
pursuant to the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement and the Jackson Note are paid in full by the Company and are no longer
outstanding, Jackson shall have a first call over 50 of the net proceeds from all common stock equity raises the Company conducts, which
shall be used to pay down any outstanding obligations due pursuant to the Note Documents. The Jackson Note continues to be secured by
substantially of the Company and its subsidiaries assets pursuant to the Amended and Restated Security Agreement with Jackson,
dated September 15, 2017, as amended, and as further amended by the Omnibus Agreement (as defined below) on October 27, 2022. 

In
connection with the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, the Company issued 100,000 shares of its common and a warrant
to purchase up to 24,332 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 3.06 per share which is exercisable six months from October
27, 2022, and expires on October 27, 2027. 

Omnibus
Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreement with Jackson 

On
October 27, 2022, in connection with the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into an Omnibus Amendment
and Reaffirmation Agreement (the Omnibus Agreement with Jackson, which, among other things, amends (i) the Amended and
Restated Pledge Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2017, as amended and (ii) the Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement, dated as of
September 15, 2017, as amended, to reflect certain of the terms as updated and amended by the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase
Agreement. 

27 

Amendment
to Warrant Agreement with Jackson 

On
October 27, 2022, in connection with the entry into the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into
Amendment No. 4 Amendment No. 4 to the Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement, dated April 25, 2018 (as amended prior
to Amendment No. 4, the Existing Warrant ), with Jackson. Pursuant to the Existing Warrant and after giving effect to the
1-for-6 reverse stock split, effectuated by the Company on June 30, 2021 and the 1-for-10 reverse stock split, effectuated by the Company
on June 23, 2022, Jackson was entitled to purchase 15,093 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 60.00 per share. Pursuant to
Amendment No. 4, the exercise price of the Existing Warrant was reduced to 3.06 per share and the term extended to January 26, 2028. 

Amendment
to Credit and Security Agreement with MidCap 

On
October 27, 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 27 and Joinder Agreement to the Credit and Security Agreement Amendment
No. 27 with MidCap, dated April 8, 2015, which amended the Credit and Security
Agreement. Amendment No. 27, among other things, (i) increases the revolving loan commitment amount from 25 million to 32.5 million
(the Loan ), (ii) extends the commitment expiry date from October 27, 2022 to September 6, 2024, and (iii) modifies certain
of the financial covenants. Pursuant to Amendment No. 27, as long as no default or event of default under the Credit and Security Agreement
as amended by Amendment No. 27 exists, upon written request by the Company and with the prior written consent of the agent and lenders,
the Loan may be increased by up to 10 million in minimum amounts of 5 million tranches each, for an aggregate loan commitment amount
of 42.5 million. 

In
addition, Amendment No. 27 increases the applicable margin from 4.0 to 4.25 , with respect to the Loan (other than Letter of Credit
Liabilities (as defined in the Credit and Security Agreement)), and from 3.5 to 3.75 with respect to the Letter of Credit Liabilities.
Amendment No. 27 also replaces the interest rate benchmark from LIBOR to SOFR and provides that the Loan shall bear interest at the sum
of a term-based SOFR rate (plus a SOFR adjustment of 0.11448 plus the Applicable Margin, subject to certain provisions for the replacement
of SOFR with an alternate benchmark in connection with SOFR no longer being provided by its administrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the SOFR interest rate shall not be at any time less than 1.00 . 

In
connection with Amendment No. 27, the Company paid to MidCap a modification fee of 135,000, after deducting certain credits and fees
paid in connection with previous amendments to the Credit and Security Agreement and certain waiver agreements, and agreed to pay reasonable
costs and fees of MidCap s legal counsel in connection with Amendment No. 27. On October 27, 2022, the Company drew down approximately
 8 million on the Loan to pay off in full certain outstanding existing debt of Headway and its subsidiaries with respect to White Oak,
which were acquired in May 2022 pursuant to the Headway Acquisition. 

Amendment
to Intercreditor Agreement with Jackson and MidCap 

On
October 27, 2022, in connection with the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, the Jackson Note and Amendment No. 27, the
Company, Jackson and MidCap entered into the Fifth Amendment to Intercreditor Agreement (the Fifth Amendment ), which amended
the Intercreditor Agreement, dated September 15, 2017, by and between the Company, Jackson and MidCap, as amended. The Fifth Amendment,
among other things, permits the increase of the credit commitments under the Credit and Security Agreement as amended by Amendment No.
27 to 32.5 million. 

February 2023 Public
Offering 

On February 7, 2023, we entered
into a securities purchase agreement with an institutional, accredited investor for the issuance and sale, in a best efforts public offering
(the February 2023 Offering ), of (i) 315,000 units (the Units ), each Unit consisting of one share of our common
stock and one warrant (the February 2023 Warrants to purchase one share of common stock, and (ii) 1,569,516 pre-funded
units (the Pre-Funded Units ), each Pre-Funded Unit consisting of one pre-funded warrant (the February 2023 Pre-Funded
Warrants to purchase one share of common stock and one February 2023 Warrant. The public offering price was 2.6532 per Unit and
 2.6522 per Pre-Funded Unit. The February 2023 Warrants are exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a term of exercise equal to
five years from the date of issuance. 

28 

In connection with the February
2023 Offering, the investor entered into a warrant amendment agreement (the February 2023 Warrant Amendment Agreement with
us to amend the exercise price of certain existing warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 876,654 shares of common stock that were
previously issued to the investor, with an exercise price of 5.85 per share and an expiration date of January 7, 2028. Pursuant to the
February 2023 Warrant Amendment Agreement, the amended warrants have a reduced exercise price of 2.47 per share following the closing
of the February 2023 Offering. 

We intend to use the
net proceeds from the February 2023 Offering for general working capital purposes. 

For
Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 of Revenue 
 Year Ended 
 January 1, 2022 
 of Revenue 
 Growth 
 
 Revenue 
 244,917 
 100.0 
 197,770 
 100.0 
 23.8 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 202,148 
 82.5 
 163,903 
 82.9 
 23.3 
 
 Gross profit 
 42,769 
 17.5 
 33,867 
 17.1 
 26.3 
 
 Operating expenses 
 56,226 
 23.0 
 41,167 
 20.8 
 36.6 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (13,457 
 -5.5 
 (7,300 
 -3.7 
 84.4 
 
 Other (expenses) income 
 (3,759 
 -1.5 
 15,101 
 7.6 
 -124.9 
 
 (Provision) Benefit for income taxes 
 222 
 0.1 
 357 
 0.2 
 -37.8 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (16,994 
 -6.9 
 8,158 
 4.1 
 -308.3 

Revenue 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue increased by 23.8 to 244,917 as compared with 197,770 for the year ended
January 1, 2022. Of that increase, 60,759 was attributable to the Headway acquisition, organic revenue declined
by 6,924 from the prior year and unfavorable foreign currency translation declined by 6,687 as compared to the prior year. 

The
primary driver of the increase in temporary contractor revenue was due to the Headway Acquisition. The Headway Acquisition provided
temporary contractor revenue of 60,759 during the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022. Temporary contractor revenue from the legacy business
decreased by 14,189 from the year ended January 1, 2022, in large part due to certain accounts declining under challenging business
conditions. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue was comprised of 239,273 of temporary contractor revenue and 5,590 of permanent
placement revenue, compared with 192,756 and 5,014 for the year ended January 1, 2022, respectively. 

29 

Cost
of revenue, Gross profit and gross margin 

Cost
of revenue includes the variable cost of labor and various non-variable costs (e.g., workers compensation insurance) relating
to employees (temporary and permanent) as well as sub-contractors and consultants. For the year ended December 31, 2022,
cost of revenue was 202,148, an increase of 23.3 from 163,903 for the year ended January 1, 2022. The overall increase
in cost of revenue of 38,245 was primarily related to the Headway Acquisition. Headway added 51,461 cost of revenue for the
period, while organic results were a decreased by 13,277, offset by a favorable currency adjustment of 5,587. 

Gross
profit for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 42,769, an increase of 26.3 from 33,867 for the year ended January
1, 2022, representing gross margin of 17.5 and 17.1 for each period, respectively. The increase was driven by the acquisition of Headway
which generated 9,298 gross profit since its acquisition. Organic gross profit increased year over year by 765, offset by an unfavorable foreign currency adjustment
of 1,100. 

Operating
expenses 

Operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 56,226, an increase of 36.6 from 41,167 for the year ended January 1, 2022.
The increase in operating expenses was driven by the due diligence and the Headway Acquisition. Operating expenses were reduced
substantially following the Headway Acquisition, combining back-office functions and improving efficiencies by eliminating
duplicative services. Included in the year ended December 31, 2022 total of 56,226 and January 1, 2022 total of 41,167 are 10,000 and 3,104, respectively,
for impairment of goodwill. 

Other
Income and Expenses 

Other
(expenses) income for the year ended December 31, 2022, were (3,759), a decrease of 124.9 from 15,101 for the year ended January
1, 2022. The decrease was driven primarily by the PPP forgiveness gain of 19,609 in the year ended January 1, 2022. Interest
expense and amortization of debt discount and deferred financing costs were 4,485 in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared
with 4,215 in the year ended January 1, 2022, with increases due to the classification of dividends due on the shares of Series H
Preferred Stock issued in connection with the Headway acquisition as interest expense, plus increases in floating rates of interest
governing the Company s asset-based lines of credit being substantially offset by reductions in secured indebtedness relating
to the issuance of equity securities during both fiscal periods. Other income (loss) of 726 for the year ended December 31, 2022
related primarily to a prior year overstated tax liability accrual as compared to (33) for the year ended January 1,
2022. 

Non-GAAP
Measures 

To
supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. GAAP ), we also use non-GAAP financial measures and Key Performance Indicators KPIs in
addition to our GAAP results. We believe non-GAAP financial measures and KPIs may provide useful information for evaluating our cash
operating performance, ability to service debt, compliance with debt covenants and measurement against competitors. This information
should be considered as supplemental in nature and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial
information prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly entitled
measures reported by other companies. 

We
present the following non-GAAP financial measure and KPIs in this report: 

Revenue
and Gross Profit by Business Streams We use this KPI to measure the Company s mix of Revenue and respective profitability between
its two main lines of business due to their differing margins. For clarity, these lines of business are not the Company s operating
segments, as this information is not currently regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker to allocate capital and resources.
Rather, we use this KPI to benchmark the Company against the industry. 

30 

The
following table details Revenue and Gross Profit by Business Streams: 

Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 Mix 
 January 1, 2022 
 Mix 

Revenue 

Commercial Staffing - US 
 108,347 
 44 
 118,879 
 60 
 
 Professional Staffing - US 
 76,720 
 31 
 16,519 
 8 
 
 Professional Staffing - UK 
 59,850 
 24 
 62,372 
 32 
 
 Total Revenue 
 244,917 
 
 197,770 

Gross Profit 

Commercial Staffing - US 
 19,336 
 45 
 20,801 
 61 
 
 Professional Staffing - US 
 13,506 
 32 
 4,476 
 13 
 
 Professional Staffing - UK 
 9,927 
 23 
 8,590 
 25 
 
 Total Gross Profit 
 42,769 
 
 33,867 

Gross Margin 

Commercial Staffing - US 
 17.8 
 
 17.5 

Professional Staffing - US 
 17.6 
 
 27.1 

Professional Staffing - UK 
 16.6 
 
 13.8 

Total Gross Margin 
 17.5 
 
 17.1 

Adjusted
EBITDA This measure is defined as net income (loss) attributable to common stock before: interest expense, benefit from income taxes;
depreciation and amortization; acquisition, capital raising and other non-recurring expenses; other non-cash charges; impairment of goodwill;
re-measurement gain on intercompany note; restructuring charges; other income; and
charges the Company considers to be non-recurring in nature such as legal expenses associated with litigation, professional fees associated
potential and completed acquisitions. We use this measure because we believe it provides a more meaningful understanding of the profit
and cash flow generation of the Company. 

Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 January 1, 2022 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (16,994 
 8,158 

Interest expense 
 3,881 
 3,856 
 
 Expense (benefit) from income taxes 
 (222 
 (357 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 3,594 
 3,118 
 
 EBITDA 
 (9,741 
 14,775 

Acquisition, capital raising and other non-recurring expenses (1) 
 7,046 
 3,510 
 
 Other non-cash charges (2) 
 848 
 361 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 10,000 
 3,104 
 
 Re-measurement gain on intercompany note 
 - 
 260 
 
 PPP Forgiveness Gain 
 - 
 (19,609 
 
 Other (income) loss 
 (726 
 33 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 7,427 
 2,434 

Adjusted EBITDA as percentage of Gross Profit 
 17.4 
 7.2 

(1) 
 Acquisition,
 capital raising, and other non-recurring expenses primarily relate to capital raising expenses, acquisition and integration expenses,
 and legal expenses incurred in relation to matters outside the ordinary course of business. Due to government mandated restrictions,
 the Company had to temporarily close some of its offices and, due to social distancing restrictions, could not make full use of these
 facilities for significant periods of time during the year ended January 1, 2022. 

31 

(2) 
 Other
 non-cash charges primarily relate to staff option and share compensation expense, expense for shares issued to directors for
 board services, and consideration paid for consulting services. 

Operating
Leverage This measure is calculated by dividing the growth in Adjusted EBITDA by the growth in Gross Profit, on a trailing 12-month
basis. We use this KPI because we believe it provides a measure of the Company s efficiency for converting incremental gross profit
into Adjusted EBITDA. 

December 31, 2022 
 January 1, 2022 

Gross Profit - TTM (Current Period) 
 42,769 
 33,867 
 
 Gross Profit - TTM (Prior Period) 
 33,867 
 34,813 
 
 Gross Profit Growth (Decline) 
 8,902 
 (946 

Adjusted EBITDA - TTM (Current Period) 
 7,427 
 2,434 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA - TTM (Prior Period) 
 2,434 
 4,663 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA Growth (Decline) 
 4,993 
 (2,229 

Operating Leverage 
 56.1 
 235.6 

Leverage
Ratio Calculated as Total Debt, Net, gross of any Original Issue Discount, divided by Pro Forma Adjusted EBITDA for the trailing
12-months. We use this KPI as an indicator of the Company s ability to service its debt prospectively. 

December 31, 2022 
 January 1, 2022 

Total Term Debt, Net 
 17,303 
 9,502 
 
 Addback: Total Debt Discount and Deferred Financing Costs 
 962 
 256 
 
 Total Debt 
 18,265 
 9,758 

TTM Adjusted EBITDA 
 7,427 
 2,434 

Pro Forma TTM Adjusted EBITDA 
 7,427 
 2,434 

Pro Forma Leverage Ratio 
 2.46 x 
 4.01 x 

Operating
Cash Flow Including Proceeds from Accounts Receivable Financing c alculated as net cash (used in) provided by operating activities
plus net proceeds from accounts receivable financing. Because much of the Company s temporary payroll expense is paid weekly and
in advance of clients remitting payment for invoices, operating cash flow is often weaker in staffing companies where revenue and accounts
receivable are growing. Accounts receivable financing is essentially an advance on client remittances and is primarily used to fund temporary
payroll. As such, we believe this measure is helpful to investors as an indicator of the Company s underlying operating cash flow. 

Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 January 1, 2022 

Net cash flow used in operating activities 
 (9,792 
 (14,634 

Collection of UK factoring facility deferred purchase price 
 6,978 
 7,311 

Repayments on accounts receivable financing 
 (4,170 
 (1,779 

Net cash used in operating activities including proceeds from accounts receivable financing 
 (6,984 
 (9,102 

32 

The
Leverage Ratio and Operating Cash Flow Including Proceeds from Accounts Receivable Financing should be considered together with the information
in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section, immediately below. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Liquidity
is the ability of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate
on an ongoing basis. Historically, we have funded our operations through term loans, promissory notes, bonds, convertible notes, private
placement offerings and sales of equity. 

Our
primary uses of cash have been for professional fees related to our operations and financial reporting requirements and for the payment
of compensation, benefits and consulting fees. The following trends may occur as the Company continues to execute on its strategy: 

an
 increase in working capital requirements to finance organic growth, 

addition
 of administrative and sales personnel as the business grows, 

increases
 in advertising, public relations and sales promotions for existing and new brands as we expand within existing markets or enter new
 markets, 

a 
 continuation of the costs associated with being a public company, and 

capital
 expenditures to add technologies. 

Our
liquidity may be negatively impacted by the significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements, costs associated
with newly applicable corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules
implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We expect all of these applicable rules and regulations could significantly increase
our legal and financial compliance costs and increase the use of resources. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit of 20,050, an accumulated deficit of
 101,015, and a net loss of 16,994. 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. GAAP ), which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company has unsecured payments due in the
next 12 months associated with a historical acquisition and secured current debt arrangements representing approximately 8,593
which are in excess of cash and cash equivalents on hand as of December 31, 2022, in addition to funding operational growth requirements. Historically, the
Company has funded such payments either through cash flow from operations or the raising of capital through additional debt or
equity. If the Company is unable to obtain additional capital, such payments may not be made on time. These factors raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not
include any adjustments or classifications that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going
concern. 

In
addition, beginning in January 2023 the Company has numerous contractual lease obligations representing an aggregate of approximately
 9,828 related to current lease agreements. The Company intends to fund the majority of this by a combination of cash flow from operations,
as well as the raising of capital through additional debt or equity. 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. Significant assumptions underlie this belief, including, among other things, that there will be no material
adverse developments in our business, liquidity, capital requirements and that our credit facilities with our lenders will remain available
to us. 

Operating
activities 

For
Fiscal 2022, net cash used in operating activities of 9,792 was primarily attributable to changes in operating assets and
liabilities totaling 8,120 and a net loss of 16,994, offset by non-cash adjustments of 15,322. Changes in operating assets and
liabilities primarily relate to a decrease in accounts receivable of 1,106, increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of
 4,985, decrease in other current liabilities of 594, decrease in other assets of 2,305, and decrease in prepaid expenses of 439,
offset by increase in accounts payable related party of 218 and increase in other long-term liabilities of 1,091. Non-cash
add backs of 15,322 primarily relates to accounts receivable allowance of 284, offset by depreciation and amortization of
intangible assets of 2,990, impairment of goodwill of 10,000, right of use assets depreciation of 1,390, amortization of debt
discount and deferred financing of 603 and stock-based compensation of 623. 

33 

For
Fiscal 2021, net cash used in operating activities of 14,634 was primarily attributable to changes in operating assets and
liabilities totaling 11,601 and a net income of 8,158, offset by non-cash adjustments of 11,191. Changes in operating assets and
liabilities primarily relate to a decrease in accounts receivable of 3,765, decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of
 2,479, decrease in interest payable related party of 733, decrease in other current liabilities of 197, decrease in other
assets of 50, and decrease in other long-term liabilities of 4,636, offset by increase in prepaid expenses of 260. Non-cash add
backs of 11,191 primarily relates to PPP loan forgiveness of 19,609, offset by depreciation and amortization of intangible assets of 2,758, impairment of goodwill of 3,104, right of use assets depreciation of 1,299, amortization of debt
discount and deferred financing of 359, stock-based compensation of 377, bad debt expense of 260, and remeasurement gain on
intercompany note of 260. 

Investing
activities 

For
Fiscal 2022, net cash flows provided by investing activities was 8,680, primarily due to the Headway Acquisition. Acquisition of
business net of cash acquired totaled 2,498 and collection of U.K. factoring facility deferred purchase price totaled 6,978 which was partially offset by property and equipment purchases
of 796. 

For
Fiscal 2021, net cash flows provided by investing activities was 7,062, of which 7,311 was related to the collection of the UK factoring
facility deferred purchase price, partially offset by property and equipment purchases of 249. 

Financing
activities 

For
Fiscal 2022, net cash flows used in financing activities totaled 1,367, of which 4,013 related to proceeds from common stock, 67 related to proceeds from term loan, offset by 498 of repayments
on term loan, 4,170 of repayments on accounts receivable financing,
net, payment of third-party financing costs of 619, and earnout payments 160. 

For
Fiscal 2021, net cash flows provided by financing activities totaled 1,799, of which 43,019 related to proceeds from common stock,
 4,698 related to proceeds from Series F preferred stock, and 130 related to proceeds from term loan, related party, offset by
 34,076 of repayments on term loan, 4,908 of redemption of Series E preferred stock-related party, 1,778 of repayments on accounts
receivable financing, net, payment of third-party financing costs of 4,695, and dividends paid to related parties of
 591. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses
in the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other factors
that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results
experienced by the Company may differ materially and adversely from its estimates. To the extent there are material differences between
estimates and the actual results, future results of operations will be affected. Significant estimates for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021
include the valuation of intangible assets, including goodwill, liabilities associated with earn-out obligations, testing long-lived
assets for impairment and valuation reserves against deferred tax assets. 

34 

Legal
Contingencies and Expenses 

From
time to time, the Company may become involved in various claims, disputes and legal or regulatory proceedings that arise in the ordinary
course of business and relate to contractual and other obligations. The Company assesses its potential contingent and other liabilities
by analyzing its claims, disputes and legal and regulatory matters using all available information and developing its views on estimated
losses in consultation with its legal and other advisors. The Company determines whether a loss from a contingency should be accrued
by assessing whether a loss is deemed probable and can be reasonably estimated. If the contingency is not probable or cannot be reasonably
estimated, disclosure of the contingency shall be made when there is at least a reasonable possibility that a loss may be incurred. Expenses
associated with legal contingencies are expensed as incurred. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company utilizes Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 740, Accounting for Income Taxes, which requires
the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in
the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years
of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted
tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation
allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

The
Company applies the provisions of ASC 740-10-50, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, which provides clarification
related to the process associated with accounting for uncertain tax positions recognized in the financial statements. Audit periods remain
open for review until the statute of limitations has passed. The completion of review or the expiration of the statute of limitations
for a given audit period could result in an adjustment to the Company s liability for income taxes. Any such adjustment could be
material to the Company s results of operations for any given quarterly or annual period based, in part, upon the results of operations
for the given period. As of the date of this filing, the Company is current on all corporate, federal and state tax returns. The Company s
policy is to record interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. 

Business
Combinations 

In
accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, the Company records acquisitions under the purchase method of accounting,
under which the acquisition purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their respective fair
values. The Company utilizes management estimates and, in some instances, may retain the services of an independent third-party valuation
firm to assist in determining the fair values of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and contingent consideration granted. Such estimates
and valuations require us to make significant assumptions, including projections of future events and operating performance. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill
relates to amounts that arose in connection with various acquisitions and represents the difference between the purchase price and the
fair value of the identifiable intangible and tangible net assets when accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. Goodwill
is not amortized, but it is subject to periodic review for impairment. Events that would indicate impairment and trigger an interim impairment
assessment include, but are not limited to, current economic and market conditions, a decline in the equity value of the business, a
significant adverse change in certain agreements that would materially affect reported operating results, business climate or operational
performance of the business and an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. 

35 

In
accordance with ASU No. 2011-08, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) Testing Goodwill for Impairment, or ASU 2011-08, the Company
is required to review goodwill by reporting unit for impairment at least annually or more often if there are indicators of impairment
present. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company changed its annual measurement date from the last day of the fiscal year end to the first day of the fiscal fourth
quarter. A reporting unit is either the equivalent of, or one level below, an operating segment.
The Company early adopted the provisions in ASU 2017-04, which eliminates the second step of the goodwill impairment test. As a result,
the Company s goodwill impairment tests include only one step, which is a comparison of the carrying value of each reporting unit
to its fair value, and any excess carrying value, up to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit, is impaired. 

The
carrying value of each reporting unit is based on the assignment of the appropriate assets and liabilities to each reporting unit. Assets
and liabilities were assigned to each reporting unit if the assets or liabilities are employed in the operations of the reporting unit
and the asset and liability is considered in the determination of the reporting unit fair value. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06,
Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) No. 2020-06 August 2020 Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own
Equity, which simplifies the guidance on the issuer s accounting for convertible debt instruments by removing the separation
models for (1) convertible debt with a cash conversion feature and (2) convertible instruments with a beneficial conversion feature.
As a result, entities will not separately present in equity an embedded conversion feature in such debt and will account for a
convertible debt instrument wholly as debt, unless certain other conditions are met. The elimination of these models will reduce
reported interest expense and increase reported net income for entities that have issued a convertible instrument that is within the
scope of ASU 2020-06. Also, ASU 2020-06 requires the application of the if-converted method for calculating diluted earnings per
share and treasury stock method will be no longer available. ASU 2020-06 is applicable for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2021, with early adoption permitted no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. We adopted this ASU in Fiscal
2022. This standard did not have an impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

Known
Trends, Events and Uncertainties 

Demand
for staffing and permanent placement services is highly dependent on growth in specific industries, geographic economic activity, workforce
flexibility trends, and the overall strength of the economy. This creates a high degree of volatility in the industry based on overall
economic conditions. Historically, economic recovery periods such as the current recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic have resulted in
growth primarily in the temporary contractor segment, however, the current recovery has led to growth mainly in the permanent placement
market. It is uncertain whether this trend will continue or whether the reopening of key contractor industries will present a recovery
that is more in line with historical trends. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

36 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms , New York, NY: PCAOB ID # , Baker Tilly US, LLP: PCAOB ID #23) 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 
 F-6 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 
 F-7 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 
 F-9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-10 

37 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc.: 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. (the Company as of December 31,
2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders deficit, and cash flows, for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from
operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2 . The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated
financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit
matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating
the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which
they relate. 

F- 1 

Goodwill
Impairment Assessment 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
described in Notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 19.9
 million as of December 31, 2022, which is allocated to the Company s reporting units. Goodwill is tested for impairment
at least annually at the reporting unit level. The Company determines the fair value of the reporting units using a combination of an
income approach and a market approach. The determination of the fair value of the reporting units requires management to make significant
estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future cash flows based on revenue growth rates, discount rates and market multiples
of comparable peer companies. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment charge of 10
 million. 

We
determined the goodwill impairment assessment was a critical audit matter because the fair value estimates require significant estimates
and assumptions by management, including those relating to future cash flows forecasts, discount rates and market multiples. Testing
these estimates involved increased auditor judgment and effort. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

We
 evaluated the qualifications of valuation specialists engaged by the Company to assist in
 developing the estimated fair value of the reporting units. 
 
 We
 tested the clerical accuracy of the fair value models utilized by the valuation specialists
 and by management in estimating the fair value of the reporting units. 
 
 We
 utilized a valuation specialist to assist in testing the Company s discounted cash
 flow model for the reporting units and certain significant assumptions, including the discount
 rates selected by management. 
 
 We
 evaluated whether the assumptions used were reasonable by considering the past performance
 of reporting units and third-party market data, and whether such assumptions were consistent
 with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

Estimation
of Fair Value of Certain Acquired Assets in a Business Combination 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
described further in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed its acquisition of Headway Workforce Solutions Headway on May 18, 2022. The Company s accounting for the acquisition required the estimation of the fair value
of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which included a preliminary purchase price allocation of identifiable intangible assets
of customer relationships and trade names. We identified the valuation of customer relationships and trade names to be a critical audit
matter. 

The
principal consideration for our determination that the valuation of customer relationships and trade names is a critical audit matter
is that there was high estimation uncertainty due to significant judgments with respect to assumptions used to estimate the future revenues
and cash flows, including revenue growth rates, gross profit margins, the discount rate and valuation methodologies applied by the third-party
valuation specialist for the determination of fair value of the intangible assets. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment,
subjectivity, and efforts in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management s forecasted growth rates,
gross profit margins and valuation methodologies applied by the third-party specialist. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to the estimation of the fair value of the intangible assets acquired in the acquisition of Headway included
the following, among others. 

We
 evaluated the qualifications of valuation specialists engaged by the Company to assist in
 developing the estimated fair value of acquired assets. 
 
 We
 tested the clerical accuracy of the fair value models utilized by the valuation specialists
 and by management in estimating the fair value of acquired assets. 
 
 We
 identified significant inputs and assumptions applied in the estimation of the fair value
 of acquired intangible assets to determine whether the inputs and assumptions were relevant
 in the circumstances and applied appropriately in the development of the fair value estimates. 
 
 We
 evaluated the reasonableness of the assumptions and forecasted financial performance of the
 acquired business by comparing the projected amounts of revenue and cash flows to actual
 historical performance or relevant industry data and reconciling significant differences. 
 
 We
 utilized valuation specialists to evaluate the methodologies used, whether they were acceptable
 for the underlying fair value determinations and whether such methodologies had been applied
 correctly; the appropriateness of the discount rate used by developing an independent expectation
 for the acquisition; and to identify and test other significant inputs to the estimation
 of fair value of certain assets acquired. 

/s/
Baker Tilly US, LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

Uniondale,
New York 

May
19, 2023 

F- 2 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders
and Board of Directors 

 Staffing
360 Solutions, Inc. 

 New
York, NY 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. (the Company as of January 1,
2022 and January 2, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders deficit,
and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended January 1, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company at January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the two years in the period ended January 1, 2022 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses, has a net capital deficiency, and faces
uncertainty as to the operational impact of the COVID-19 outbreak, that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates. 

Goodwill
Impairment Quantitative Assessment 

At
January 1, 2022, goodwill was 23.8 million, which is allocated to a number of reporting units. As discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company tests goodwill for impairment at least annually at the reporting unit level, or more frequently if
triggering events occur. The Company determines the fair value of the reporting unit using a combination of an income approach and a
market approach. The determination of the fair value of the reporting units requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions
related to forecasts of future cash flows based on revenue growth rates, discount rates and market multiples of comparable peer companies.
For the year ended January 1, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment charge of 3.1 million. 

We
identified the goodwill impairment quantitative assessment for certain reporting units as a critical audit matter because of the significant
assumptions management makes as part of the assessment to estimate the fair value of these reporting units. The income approach requires
significant management assumptions in projecting future discounted cash flows, specifically over revenue growth rates and discount rates.
The market approach requires significant judgment in selecting the appropriate peer companies and the valuation multiples. Auditing these
elements involved especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters,
including the involvement of professionals with specialized skill or knowledge. 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical matter included: 

Evaluating
 the reasonableness of management s assumptions in the calculation of the fair value of certain reporting units, including the
 revenue growth rate used in the projected future cash flows by comparing to prior period forecasts, historical operating performance,
 internal and external communications by the Company and publicly available industry data of peer companies. 

Utilizing
 personnel with specialized knowledge and skill in valuation to assist in: i) evaluating the reasonableness of the identified peer
 companies used in the market approach, ii) developing an independent range of fair values based on market multiples of peer companies
 and comparing this to the company s estimated fair values., iii) testing the source information underlying the determination
 of the discount rate and the mathematical accuracy of the calculation, and iv) developing a range of independent estimates of discount
 rates and comparing those to the discount rates selected by management. 

/s/
BDO USA, LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

June
24, 2022 

F- 3 

STAFFING
360 SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (All
amounts in thousands, except share and par values) 

As of 
 As of 

December 31, 2022 
 January 1, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Right of use asset 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses - related party 

Current portion of debt 

Accounts receivable financing 

Leases - current liabilities 

Earnout liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-term debt Related party 

Redeemable Series H preferred stock, net 

Leases - non-current 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; 

Series J Preferred Stock, designated, par value, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively 

Preferred
 Stock 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

STAFFING
360 SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (All
amounts in thousands, except share and per share values) 

Fiscal Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 January 1, 2022 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of Revenue, excluding depreciation and amortization stated below 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Impairment of goodwill 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss From Operations 

Other (Expenses) Income: 

Interest expense 

Amortization of debt discount and deferred financing costs 

Re-measurement (loss) gain on intercompany note 

PPP forgiveness gain 

Other income (loss), net 

Total Other (Expenses) Income, net 

(Loss) Income Before Benefit from Income Tax 

Benefit from Income taxes 

Net (Loss) Income 

Dividends - Series E Preferred Stock - related party 

Dividends - Series E-1 Preferred Stock - related party 

Dividends - Series G Preferred Stock - related party 

Dividends - Series G-1 Preferred Stock - related party 

Dividends 

Deemed Dividend 

Earnings allocated to participating securities 

Net (Loss) Income Attributable to Common Stockholders 

Net (Loss) Income Attributable to Common Stockholders
 Basic 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding Basic 

(Loss) Earnings allocated to participating securities 
 Diluted (Footnote 3) 

(Loss) Earnings per Share Attributed to Common
 Stockholders - Diluted 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

STAFFING
360 SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

 (All
amounts in thousands) 

Fiscal Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 January 1, 2022 
 
 Net (Loss) Income 

Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

Foreign exchange translation adjustment 

Comprehensive (Loss) Income Attributable to the Company 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

STAFFING
360 SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

 (All
amounts in thousands, except share and par values) 

Shares 
 Par
 Value 
 Shares 
 Par
 Value 
 Shares 
 Par
 Value 
 Shares 
 Par 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Par
 Value 
 Shares 
 Par 
 Value 
 Additional
 paid in 
 Accumulated
 other comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total (Deficit) 

Series
 E-1 
 Series
 G-1 
 Series
 A 
 Series
 E 
 Series
 F 
 Common
 Stock 
 capital 
 income
 (loss) 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance
 January 2, 2021 

Balance 

Shares
 issued to/for: 

Employees,
 directors and consultants 

Series
 A Preferred Conversion 

Sales
 of common stock and warrants, net 

Sale
 of Series F Preferred Stock, net 

Conversion
 of Series F Preferred Stock 

Redemption
 of Series E Preferred Stock - Related Party 

Dividends
 - Series E Preferred Stock - Related Party 

Dividends
 - Series E-1 Preferred Stock - Related Party 

Dividends
 - Series G Preferred Stock - Related Party 

Dividends
 - Series G-1 Preferred Stock - Related Party 

Conversion
 of Series E Preferred Stock - Related Party to Series G preferred Stock - Related Party 

Conversion
 of Series G Preferred Stock - Related Party to Long Term Debt - Related Party 

Redeemable
 portion of Series E Preferred Stock - Related Party 

Series
 F Preferred Stock - Beneficial Conversion Feature 

Fair
 Value Modification - Series E Preferred Stock - Related Party 

Deemed
 Dividend 

Foreign
 currency translation gain 

Net
 income 

Balance
 January 1, 2022 

- 

Balance 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

STAFFING
360 SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

 (All
amounts in thousands, except share and par values) 

Shares 
 Par
 Value 
 Shares 
 Par 
 Value 
 Additional
 paid in 
 Accumulated
 other comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 (Deficit) 

Series
 J 
 Common
 Stock 
 capital 
 income 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance,
 January 1, 2022 

Balance 

Shares
 issued to/for: 

Employees,
 directors and consultants 

Sale
 of common stock and warrants 

Shares
 issued to related party 

Warrants
 issued to related party 

Modification
 of warrants issued to related party 

Warrants modification 

Equity issuance cost 

Retrospective effect of 1:10 reverse stock split on June 24, 2022 

Foreign
 currency translation loss 

- 

Foreign
 currency translation gain (loss) 

- 

Net
 loss 

- 

Net
 income (loss) 

- 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

STAFFING
360 SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (All
amounts in thousands) 

Fiscal Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 January 1, 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net (Loss) Income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount and deferred financing costs 

Accounts receivable allowance 

Impairment of goodwill 

Right of use assets depreciation 

Stock based compensation 

Forgiveness of PPP loan and related interest 

Re-measurement gain on intercompany note 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable, related party 

Other current liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities and other 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired 

Collection of UK factoring facility deferred purchase price 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Third party financing costs 

Proceeds from term loan - Related party 

Repayment of term loan 

Proceeds from term loan 

Repayments on accounts receivable financing, net 

Dividends paid to related parties 

Redemption of Series E preferred stock, related party 

Proceeds from sale of common stock and warrants 

Payments made on earnouts 

Proceeds from sale of Series F preferred stock 

NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET DECREASE IN CASH 

Effect of exchange rates on cash 

Cash - Beginning of year 

Cash - End of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

STAFFING
360 SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FISCAL YEARS ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND JANUARY 1, 2022 

 (All
amounts in thousands) 

M to M of revenue from the business not including Headway. In addition,
it added strategic levers that the Company will build upon moving forward. The Headway business included approximately in EOR Employer
of Record service contracts. EOR projects are typically large volume, long-term providing HR outsourcing of payroll and benefits
for a contingent workforce. EOR projects while priced with lower gross margin percentages than traditional temporary staffing assignments,
yield a comparable contribution as a result of lower costs to deliver these services. This EOR service
offering could be easily added to the Company s other Brands, providing for a growth element within the existing client base, both
in the U.S. and U.K. markets. The Headway business also brought an active workforce in all 50 states in the U.S., as well as Puerto Rico
and Washington, D.C. This will provide for potential expansion of accounts for all brands in the group s portfolio Brands ). 

The Company has developed
a centralized, sales and recruitment hub in both the U.S. and U.K. markets. The addition of Headway, with its single office, and nationwide
coverage for operations, supports and accelerates the Company s objective of driving efficiencies through the use of technology,
deemphasizing bricks and mortar, supporting more efficient and cost-effective service delivery for all Brands. 

The Company has a management
team with significant operational and M A experience. The combination of this management experience and the increased opportunity
for expansion of its Core Brands with EOR services and nationwide expansion, provide for the opportunity of significant organic growth,
while plans to continue its business model, finding and acquiring suitable, mature, profitable, operating, U.S. and U.K. based staffing
companies continues. 

We effected a on
June 24, 2022 (the Reverse Stock Split ). All share and per share information in the consolidated financial statements has
been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. 

and a working capital deficit of . At December
31, 2022, we had total gross debt of and of cash on hand. We have historically met our cash needs through a combination
of cash flows from operating activities, term loans, promissory notes, convertible notes, private placement offerings and sales of equity.
Our cash requirements are generally for operating activities and debt repayments. 

Further,
our note issued to Jackson Investment Group LLC includes certain financial customary covenants and the Company has had instances of non-compliance.
Management has historically been able to obtain from Jackson waivers of any non-compliance and management expects to continue to be able
to obtain necessary waivers in the event of future non-compliance; however, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to
obtain such waivers, and should Jackson refuse to provide a waiver in the future, the outstanding debt under the agreement could become
due immediately, which exceeds our current cash balance. 

The
entire outstanding principal balance of the 2020 Jackson Note, which is as of December 31, 2022, shall be due and payable on . The debt represented by the
2020 Jackson Note continues to be secured by substantially all of the Company s domestic subsidiaries assets pursuant to
the Amended and Restated Security Agreement with Jackson, dated September 15, 2017, as amended. The Company also has a revolving
loan facility with MidCap. The MidCap Facility has a maturity date of . 

The
Company s negative working capital and liquidity position combined with the uncertainty generated by the economic reaction to the
COVID-19 pandemic raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

. 

In
accordance with the requirements of the CARES Act, the Company and Monroe (collectively, the May 12 Note Borrowers used
the proceeds from the May 12 Note in accordance with the requirements of the PPP to cover certain qualified expenses, including payroll
costs, rent and utility costs. Interest accrues on the May 12 Note at the rate of per annum. The May 12 Note Borrowers applied
for forgiveness of the amount due under the May 12 Note, in an amount equal to the sum of qualified expenses under the PPP. The May 12
Note Borrowers used the entire proceeds under the May 12 Note for such qualifying expenses. 

Prior
to forgiveness under the PPP, the May 12 Note was to mature two years following the date of issuance of the May 12 Note and included
a period for the first ten months during which time required payments of interest and principal are deferred. Beginning on the eleventh
month following the date of the May 12 Note, the May 12 Note Borrowers would be required to make 14 monthly payments of principal and
interest. The May 12 Note may be prepaid at any time prior to maturity. The May 12 Note provided for customary events of default, including,
among others, those relating to breaches of obligations under the May 12 Note, including a failure to make payments, any bankruptcy or
similar proceedings involving the May 12 Note Borrowers, and certain material effects on the May 12 Note Borrowers ability to
repay the May 12 Note. The May 12 Note Borrowers did not provide any collateral or guarantees for the May 12 Note. 

On
May 25, 2021, the Company was notified by its lender, Affinity Bank, that the May 12 Note, in the amount of of principal and
 in interest, was forgiven in its entirety by the SBA, which was recorded as Other Income as a PPP forgiveness gain. 

On
May 20, 2020, Key Resources Inc. KRI ), Lighthouse Placement Services, LLC LH and Staffing 360 Georgia,
LLC SG ), each a wholly owned direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company, entered into the following notes, each dated
May 20, 2020, with the Bank, pursuant to the PPP of the CARES Act administered by the SBA. KRI entered into a note (the KRI Note for the principal amount of approximately , LH entered into a note (the LH Note for the principal amount of approximately
 , and SG entered into a note (the SG Note, and, together with the KRI Note and LH Note, the May 20 Notes for the principal amount of approximately . The combined total of the May 20 Notes was approximately . 

In
accordance with the requirements of the CARES Act, the Company, KRI, LH and SG (collectively, the May 20 Note Borrowers used the proceeds from the May 20 Notes in accordance with the requirements of the PPP to cover certain qualified expenses, including
payroll costs, rent and utility costs. Interest accrues on each of the May 20 Notes at the rate of per annum. The May 20 Note Borrowers
were eligible to apply for forgiveness of the amount due under the May 20 Notes, in an amount equal to the sum of qualified expenses under the PPP.
The May 20 Note Borrowers used the entire proceeds under the May 20 Notes for such qualifying expenses. 

Prior
to any forgiveness under the PPP, each of the May 20 Notes was to mature two years following the date of issuance of the May 20 Notes
and included a period for the first ten months during which time required payments of interest and principal are deferred. Beginning
on the eleventh month following the date of each of the May 20 Notes, the May 20 Note Borrowers were required to make 14 monthly payments
of principal and interest. The May 20 Notes could be prepaid at any time prior to maturity. The May 20 Notes provide for customary events
of default, including, among others, those relating to breaches of obligations under the May 20 Notes, including a failure to make payments,
any bankruptcy or similar proceedings involving the Borrowers, and certain material effects on the Borrowers ability to repay
the May 20 Notes. The May 20 Note Borrowers did not provide any collateral or guarantees for the May 20 Notes. 

The
application for these funds required the Company to certify in good faith that the current economic uncertainty made the loan request
necessary to support the ongoing operations of the Company. This certification further required the Company to take into account our
current business activity and our ability to access other sources of liquidity sufficient to support ongoing operations in a manner that
is not significantly detrimental to the business. The Company made this good faith assertion based upon the adverse impact the COVID-19
pandemic had on our business and the degree of uncertainty introduced to the capital markets. While the Company has made this assertion
in good faith based upon all available guidance, management continued to assess their continued qualification as and when updated
guidance was released by the Treasury Department. 

On
July 14, 2021, the Company was notified by its lender, Affinity Bank, that the May 20 Notes for the Company s subsidiaries KRI,
LH and SG, in the amounts of , and , respectively, in principal and , and , respectively, in interest, were
forgiven in their entirety by the SBA, which was recorded as Other Income as a PPP forgiveness gain. 

Effective
March 27, 2020, the Company deferred Federal Insurance Contributions Act taxes under the CARES Act section 2302. Payment of these tax
deferrals of and were delayed to December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company completed the first
tax deferral payment of on December 31, 2021. In December 2022, the Company made of payments in respect of the
December 31, 2022 deferral obligation. In addition, the Company applied of employee retention tax credits which were reflected in
Other Current Assets as of December 31, 2022 directly against the obligation. The balance of such remaining payment obligation, ,
offset by the remaining employee retention tax credits of . 

The
Headway Acquisition balance sheet includes outstanding deferred Federal Insurance Contributions Act taxes under the CARES Act Section
2302. Headway deferred a total of in taxes, of which was paid in December 2021. The remaining tax of was offset
by of employee retention tax credits and other tax credits of resulting in a balance due of . The deferred tax balance
due date was extended by the IRS to February 15, 2023 as a result of the disaster declaration relating to Hurricane Ian. 

of temporary contractor revenue and of permanent placement revenue compared with of temporary contractor
revenue and of permanent placement revenue for Fiscal 2021, respectively. Refer to Note 15 for further details on breakdown by
segments. 

and for Fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
determination of when the Company accrues for severance and related costs depends on whether the termination benefits are provided under
a one-time benefit arrangement or under an ongoing benefit arrangement. Where the Company has either a formal severance plan or a history
of consistently providing severance benefits representing a substantive plan, it recognizes severance costs when they are both probable
and estimable. Costs associated with restructuring actions that include one-time severance benefits are only recorded once a liability
has been incurred, including when management with the proper level of authority has committed to a restructuring plan and the plan has
been communicated to employees. These charges are included in operational restructuring and other charges on the consolidated statements
of operations. Other charges include knowledge transfer costs directly related to the restructuring initiatives and are expensed as incurred. 

cash equivalents at the end of Fiscal 2022 or Fiscal 2021. 

and , respectively. 

The
Company applies the provisions of ASC 740-10-50, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, which provides clarification
related to the process associated with accounting for uncertain tax positions recognized in the financial statements. Audit periods remain
open for review until the statute of limitations has passed. The completion of review or the expiration of the statute of limitations
for a given audit period could result in an adjustment to the Company s liability for income taxes. Any such adjustment could be
material to the Company s results of operations for any given quarterly or annual period based, in part, upon the results of operations
for the given period. As of the date of this filing, the Company is current on all corporate, federal and state tax returns. The Company s
policy is to record interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. 

KRI deferred consideration 
 - 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2022 

KRI deferred consideration 
 - 
 
 Headway deferred consideration 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Cash
is considered to be highly liquid and easily tradable and therefore classified as Level 1 within our fair value hierarchy. 

ASC
825-10-25, Fair Value Option expands opportunities to use fair value measurements in financial reporting and permits entities
to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. The Company did not elect the fair value options
for any of its qualifying financial instruments. 

- years 
 
 Computer equipment 
 - years 
 
 Network equipment 
 - years 
 
 Software 
 - years 
 
 Office equipment 
 - years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 - years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 - years 

Amortization
of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line method over the shorter of the life of the lease or the estimated useful
life of the assets. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Major improvements are capitalized. 

At
the time of retirement or disposition of property and equipment, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
and any gains or losses are reflected in Other income/(expenses.) 

The
carrying value of each reporting unit is based on the assignment of the appropriate assets and liabilities to each reporting unit. Assets
and liabilities were assigned to each reporting unit if the assets or liabilities are employed in the operations of the reporting unit
and the asset and liability is considered in the determination of the reporting unit fair value. 

The
Company recognized an impairment with respect to its Staffing UK reporting unit of 
 during the quarter ended
December 31, 2022. The impairment resulted from a continued decline in that reporting unit s revenue which experienced significant
and prolonged declines as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. To determine the impairment, the Company employed a combination of market
approach (valuations using comparable company multiples), income approach (discounted cash flow analysis) and prevailing market conditions
to derive the fair value of the reporting unit. Under ASU 2017-04, which the Company early adopted, the impairment amount represents
the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the reporting unit. 

Less: Dividends paid to Series E, E-1, G, G-1 preferred shareholders 
 - 

Less: Deemed dividend 
 - 

Less: Net income allocated to participating equity 
 - 

Net (Loss) Income Attributable to Common Equity 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Add: Dividends paid to Series E, E-1, G, G-1 preferred shareholders 
 - 

Net income available to commons and preferred shareholders for diluted earnings per share 

Denominator: 

Weighted average basic common shares outstanding 

Weighted average additional common shares outstanding if preferred shares converted to common shares (if dilutive) 
 - 

Total weighted average common shares outstanding if preferred shares converted to common shares 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Restricted shares 
 - 

Weighted average diluted shares outstanding 

(Loss) Income per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Office equipment 

Computer equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Total property and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 was and , respectively. 

Other non-current assets 

Total 

Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 
 
 - 

Tradenames 
 Non-Compete 
 Customer
 Relationships 
 Total 

January 1, 2022 

Tradenames 
 Non-Compete 
 Customer Relationship 
 Total 
 
 Intangible assets, gross 

Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 
 
 - 

On
April 18, 2022, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Headway Workforce Solutions, pursuant to which, among other
things, the Company agreed to purchase all of the issued and outstanding securities of Headway in exchange for (i) a cash payment of
 , and (ii) shares of our Series H Preferred Stock, with a value equal to the Closing Payment, as defined in the Stock Purchase
Agreement. On May 18, 2022, the Headway Acquisition closed. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Amortization
of intangible assets for the period ended Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 was and , respectively. The weighted average useful
life remaining of intangible assets remaining is years. 

Acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated disposition 

Accumulated impairment losses 

Currency translation adjustment 

Ending balance, net 

Commercial Staffing US 

Professional Staffing UK 
 - 

Ending balance, net 

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired in business combinations. ASC 350, requires
that goodwill be tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment) on an
annual basis and between annual tests when circumstances indicate that the recoverability of the carrying amount of goodwill may be
in doubt. During the fourth quarter of 2021 the Company identified a triggering event in response the COVID-19 pandemic. In
accordance with ASC 350 the Company tested its goodwill for impairment and the Company recognized an impairment with respect to its Staffing
UK reporting unit of .
The impairment resulted from a continued decline in that reporting unit s revenue which experienced significant and prolonged
declines. Further, the negative impact suffered from the COVID-19 pandemic, predominantly in
the year ended January 2, 2021 Fiscal 2020 ), did not recover as quickly as management anticipated by the end of
Fiscal 2021 and, as a result, the forward-looking forecast was revised based upon current facts and circumstances. To determine the
impairment, the Company employed a combination of market approach (valuations using comparable company multiples), income approach
(discounted cash flow analysis) and prevailing market conditions to derive the fair value of the reporting unit. While the impairment recognized by management of represents the
adjustment required based upon current assumptions, such assumptions are subject to significant estimation by management, including revenue
growth rates, cost levels, and discount rates. If actual results in future periods vary from these assumptions additional impairment costs
to goodwill could occur. Under ASU 2017-04,
which the Company early adopted, the impairment amount represents the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the
reporting unit. On May 18, 2022, the Company closed on the acquisition of Headway (see Note 10). The Company s estimated value
of the Goodwill is .
The estimated value is preliminary and subject to change. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company changed its measurement date from the last day of the fiscal year end to the first day
of the fiscal fourth quarter. The Company performed its annual goodwill impairment test and no impairment was recognized other than the
charge recognized by the Staffing UK reporting unit. To estimate the fair value of the reporting units the Company employed a
combination of market approach (valuations using comparable company multiples) and income approach (discounted cash flow analysis) to
derive the fair value of the reporting unit when performing its annual impairment testing. Volatility in the Company s stock price
can result in the net book value of our reporting unit approximating, or even temporarily exceeding market capitalization, however, the
fair value of our reporting unit is not driven solely by the market price of our stock. As described above, fair value of our reporting
unit is derived using a combination of an asset approach, an income approach and a market approach. These valuation techniques consider
several other factors beyond our market capitalization, such as the estimated future cash flows of our reporting units, the discount
rate used to present value such cash flows and the market multiples of comparable companies. Changes to input assumptions used in the
analysis could result in materially different evaluations of goodwill impairment. 

Accrued payroll, taxes and bonuses 

Other accrued expenses 

Total 

revolving loan facility with MidCap, with the
option to increase the amount by an additional , with a maturity of . 

On
October 26, 2020, the Company entered into Amendment No. 17 to Credit and Security Agreement with MidCap, whereby, among other things,
MidCap agreed to extend the maturity date of our outstanding asset based revolving loan until September 1, 2022. In addition, the Company
also agreed to certain amendments to the financial covenants. 

On
October 27, 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 27 and Joinder Agreement to the Credit and Security Agreement Amendment
No. 27 with MidCap Funding IV Trust as successor by assignment to MidCap, dated April 8, 2015, which amended the Credit and Security
Agreement. Amendment No. 27, among other things, (i) increases the revolving loan commitment amount from million to million
(the Loan ), (ii) extends the commitment expiry date from October 27, 2022 to September 6, 2024, and (iii) modifies certain
of the financial covenants. Pursuant to Amendment No. 27, as long as no default or event of default under the Credit and Security Agreement
as amended by Amendment No. 27 exists, upon written request by the Company and with the prior written consent of the agent and lenders,
the Loan may be increased by up to million in minimum amounts of million tranches each, for an aggregate loan commitment amount
of million. 

In
addition, . 

The
facility provides events of default including: (i) failure to make payment of principal or interest on any MidCap loans when required,
(ii) failure to perform obligations under the facility and related documents, (iii) not paying its debts as such debts become due and
similar insolvency matters, and (iv) material adverse changes to the Company (subject to a 10-day notice and cure period.) Upon an event
of default, the Company s obligations under the credit facility may, or in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy will automatically,
be accelerated. Upon the occurrence of any event of default, the facility will bear interest at a rate equal to the lesser of: (i) 3.0 
above the rate of interest applicable to such obligations immediately prior to the occurrence of the event of default; and (ii) the maximum
rate allowable under law. 

Under
the terms of this agreement, the Company is subject to affirmative covenants which are customary for financings of this type, including
covenants to: (i) maintain good standing and governmental authorizations, (ii) provide certain information and notices to MidCap, (iii)
deliver monthly reports and quarterly financial statements to MidCap, (iv) maintain insurance, (v) discharge all taxes, (vi) protect
its intellectual property, and (vii) generally protect the collateral granted to MidCap. The Company is also subject to negative covenants
customary for financings of this type, including that it may not: (i) enter into a merger or consolidation or certain change of control
events, (ii) incur liens on the collateral, (iii) except for certain permitted acquisitions, acquire any significant assets other than
in the ordinary course of business, (iv) assume certain additional senior debt, or (v) amend any of its organizational documents. 

The
balance of the MidCap facility as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 was and , respectively, and is included in
Accounts receivable financing on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

White
Oak Commercial Finance, LLC 

As
a result of the Headway Acquisition, the Company s wholly owned Headway subsidiary, had a line of credit with White Oak Commercial
Finance, LLC White Oak ), that provided working capital and supports general corporate needs of Headway (the White
Oak Agreement ). Under the terms of the White Oak Agreement, the line of credit matured in June 2024. White Oak may terminate the
Agreement at any time upon providing 30-days written notice. The White Oak Agreement was secured by all the assets of Headway and was
personally guaranteed up to by a former member of management of Headway. 

Under
the terms of the White Oak Agreement, the maximum borrowing capacity was . . The line of credit bears interest at LIBOR plus with a floor of at December 31, 2021) on all
outstanding balances and for any unused portion of the line of credit. At December 31, 2022, borrowings of , were outstanding
under the credit facility. 

From
time to time, White Oak caused letters of credit to be opened to be issued for Headway s benefit. The aggregate face amount of
all letters of credit outstanding became the letter of credit reserve, which reduced the borrowing base under the Agreement. Under
the terms of the agreement the letter of credit sub-line was not to exceed .
The Company was required to pay interest monthly on the face amount of all letters of credit at a rate of LIBOR plus .
At December 31, 2022, there were 
of standby letters of credit that had been issued. 

The
White Oak Agreement operated similarly to a factoring arrangement whereby Headway s receivables were bought by White Oak. However,
receivables purchased by White Oak are required to be repurchased by Headway in the event the Company s customer disputes the invoice
amount or if the receivable remains unpaid past a certain number of days from the invoice date. Due to the recourse provisions in the
arrangement, Headway accounted for transactions under the credit facility as secured borrowings. 

As
of October 27, 2022, the White Oak Agreement was paid in full and terminated. 

HSBC
Invoice Finance (UK) Ltd New Facility 

On
February 8, 2018, CBSbutler, Staffing 360 Solutions Limited and The JM Group, entered into a new arrangement with HSBC Invoice Finance
(UK) Ltd HSBC which provides for HSBC to purchase the subsidiaries accounts receivable up to an aggregate amount
of across all three subsidiaries. The arrangement has an initial term of 12 months, with an automatic rolling three-month extension and carries a service
charge of . 

On
June 28, 2018, CML, the Company s new subsidiary entered into a new agreement with a minimum term of 12 months for purchase of
debt APD with HSBC, joining CBSbutler, Staffing 360 Solutions Limited and The JM Group (collectively, with CML, the Borrowers as Connected Clients as defined in the APD. In 2021, the subsidiaries were reorganized and are now Staffing 360 Solutions
Limited and Clement May. The new Connected Client APDs carry an aggregate Facility Limit of across all Borrowers. The obligations
of the Borrowers are secured by a fixed charge and a floating charge on the Borrowers respective accounts receivable and are subject
to cross-company guarantees among the Borrowers. In addition, the secured borrowing line against unbilled receivables was increased to
 for a period of 90 days. In July 2019, the aggregate Facility Limit was extended to across all Borrowers.
In January 2022, the secured borrowing line against unbilled receivables was terminated and fully paid down. 

Under
ASU 2016-16, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230, Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, a consensus of
the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force ), the upfront portion of the sale of accounts receivable is classified within operating activities,
while the deferred purchase price portion (or beneficial interest), once collected, is classified within investing activities. For the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and January 1, 2022, the collection of UK factoring facility deferred purchase price totaled 
and , respectively. 

, and (ii) shares of our Series H Preferred Stock, with a value equal to the Closing Payment, as defined in the Stock Purchase
Agreement. On May 18, 2022, the Headway Acquisition closed. 

The
purchase price in connection with the Headway Acquisition was , subject to adjustment as provided in the Stock Purchase Agreement.
Pursuant to certain covenants in the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company may be subject to a Contingent Payment of up to based
on the Adjusted EBITDA (such term as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement) of Headway during the Contingent Period (such term as defined
in the Stock Purchase Agreement), subject to additional potential adjustments tied to customary purchase price adjustments described
in the Stock Purchase Agreement. The purpose of the acquisition was to expand the market share of the Company s primary business
by providing future economic benefit of expanding services. The Company anticipates that the acquisition will provide the Company the
ability to integrate the business of Headway into the Company s existing temporary professional
staffing business in the US within the expected timeframe which would enable the Company to operate more effectively and efficiently
and to create synergy hence lower costs of operations. 

The
total purchase price was allocated to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on our preliminary estimates of
their fair values on the acquisition date. The fair values assigned in the preliminary allocation of purchase price included in the table
below are based on information that was available as of the date of the acquisition and such amounts are considered preliminary and are
based on the information that was available as of the date of the acquisition. We were not able to complete our final purchase price
allocation based on the timing of the acquisition and our need to engage third party valuation specialists to assist with the valuation
of the contingent consideration as well as requiring additional time to further analyze the initial amounts recorded. The Company is
in the process of finalizing its allocation and this may result in potential adjustments to the carrying value of the respective recorded
assets and liabilities, establishment of certain additional intangible assets, revisions of useful lives of intangible assets, establishment
of potential acquisition contingencies, and the determination of any residual amount that will be allocated to goodwill. As additional
information becomes available, the preliminary purchase price allocation may be revised during the remainder of the measurement period,
which will not exceed 12 months from the acquisition date. Any such revisions or changes may be material. 

Fixed assets 

Other non-current assets 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Current liabilities 

Other non-current liabilities 

Consideration 

In
connection with the acquisition of Headway, the Company identified and recognized in
intangible assets representing 
in customer relationships and 
for trade name. In addition, the Company recorded a total of in third party expenses associated with consummating the acquisition,
which are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. 

Redeemable Series H Preferred Stock 
 
 - 
 
 HSBC term loan 

Total debt, gross 

Less: Debt discount and deferred financing costs, net 

Total Debt, net 

Less: Non-current portion - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Less: Non-current portion 

Total Current debt, net 

Jackson
Note 

On
September 15, 2017, the Company entered into a note agreement with Jackson (the 2017 Jackson Note ). The proceeds
of the sale of the 2017 Jackson Note were used to repay the existing subordinated notes previously issued to Jackson pursuant to the
existing note purchase agreement in the aggregate principal amount of and to fund a portion of the purchase price consideration
of the first PRO Acquisition and the CBSbutler Acquisition and repay certain other outstanding indebtedness of the Company. The
maturity date for the amounts due under the 2017 Jackson Note was . 
per annum, due quarterly on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 in each year, with the first such payment due on . 
 in
excess of the rate of interest otherwise payable thereunder. 

On
August 27, 2018, the Company entered into an amended agreement with Jackson, pursuant to which the note purchase agreement dated as of
September 15, 2017 was amended and made a new senior debt investment of approximately . Terms of the additional investment were
the same as the 2017 Jackson Note. From the proceeds of the additional investment, the Company paid a closing fee of and legal fees
of and issued shares of the Company s common stock as a closing commitment fee. 

On
August 29, 2019, the Company entered into a Fourth Omnibus Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreement with Jackson, as lender, which, among
other things, amends that certain amended and restated note purchase agreement, dated as of September 15, 2017, as amended (the Existing
Note Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Existing Note Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to issue and sell to Jackson that
certain Senior Secured Note due in the aggregate principal amount of (the 2019 Jackson Note ).
 . shares of its common stock to Jackson on a monthly basis until the 2019
Jackson Note is fully repaid, subject to certain exceptions to comply with Nasdaq listing standards. The Company booked additional expense
of related to the issuances of shares of common stock to Jackson in 2020. The Company paid the 2019 Jackson Note in full on
May 28, 2020. 

On
October 26, 2020, the Company, certain of its subsidiaries and Jackson entered into the Second Amended Note Purchase Agreement and
the 2020 Jackson Note, which amended and restated the Existing Note Purchase Agreement. The Second Amended Note Purchase Agreement
refinanced an aggregate of approximately of debt provided by Jackson, extending the maturity to . In
connection with the amendment and restatement, the Company paid Jackson an amendment fee of . The Company accounted for the
Second Amended Note Purchase Agreement as a modification of the debt. Accordingly, fees totaling paid to Jackson as well as the
modification of warrants from a strike price of to and the , resulting in a fair value adjustment of , were recorded as additional debt discount which will be
amortized over the term of the 2020 Jackson Note using the effective interest method. On October 27, 2022, the Company amended the
existing 2020 Jackson Note. 

Under
the terms of the Second Amended Note Purchase Agreement and the 2020 Jackson Note, the Company is required to pay interest on the
debt at a per annum rate of . The interest is payable monthly in cash; provided that, the Company may elect to pay up to of
monthly interest in-kind PIK Interest by adding such PIK Interest to the outstanding principal balance of the 2020
Jackson Note. For any month that the Company elects to pay interest in-kind, the Company is required to pay Jackson a fee in shares
of our common stock PIK Fee Shares in an amount equal to divided by the average closing price, as reported by
The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ), of such shares of common stock over the 5 trading days prior to the applicable
monthly interest payment date. If such average market price is less than or is otherwise undeterminable because such shares
of common stock are no longer publicly traded or the closing price is no longer reported by Nasdaq, then the average closing price
for these purposes shall be deemed to be , and if such average closing price is greater than , then the average
closing price for these purposes shall be deemed to be . . 

Under
the terms of the Second Amended Note Purchase Agreement, the Company was required to make a mandatory prepayment of the principal
amount of the 2020 Jackson Note of not less than no later than January 31, 2021. Payments were made in December 2020 and
January 2021 totaling in full satisfaction of the mandatory prepayment. 

On
January 4, 2021, the Company used in net proceeds from a securities purchase agreement dated December 30, 2020 and redeemed 
of the 2020 Jackson Note with an outstanding principal amount of and redeemed shares of the Series E Convertible Preferred
Stock with an aggregate value of . Following the redemption of the portion of the 2020 Jackson Note and Series E Convertible Preferred
Stock, the 2020 Jackson Note balance was and the Company had shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding
with an aggregate stated value of . 

On
February 5, 2021, . 

On
April 21, 2021, the Company entered into the April 2021 Purchase Agreement. The net proceeds to the Company were approximately ,
after deducting placement agent fees and estimate offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company used of the net proceeds
to redeem a portion of the 2020 Jackson Note, which had an outstanding principal amount of immediately prior to such redemption. 

On
July 20, 2021, the Company entered into the July 2021 Purchase Agreement. As the Company s Series G Preferred Stock (as defined
below) was outstanding, it was required to use the proceeds of any sales of equity securities, including the common stock offered in
the July 2021 Offerings, exclusively to redeem any outstanding shares of Series G Preferred Stock, subject to certain limitations. The
Company received a waiver from Jackson, the sole holder of the outstanding shares of its Series G Preferred Stock, to pay accrued and
unpaid interest and prepay a portion of the outstanding principal balance of the 2020 Jackson Note and paid accrued and unpaid dividends
on the Series G-1 Convertible Preferred Stock upon conversion of such preferred stock into the New Note (as defined below). The net proceeds
to the Company from the July 2021 Offerings were approximately , after deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses
payable by the Company. The Company used of the net proceeds to redeem a portion of the 2020 Jackson Note, which had an outstanding
principal amount of approximately immediately prior to such redemption. 

On
July 21, 2021, the Company entered into a non-cash financing transaction whereby it exchanged its outstanding shares of Series
G Convertible Preferred Stock Series G Preferred Stock and shares of Series G-1 Convertible Preferred Stock for
senior indebtedness by entering into a new 12 Senior Secured Note, in aggregate principal amount of (the New Note ),
which amount represented all of the outstanding Series G Preferred Stock, totaling , and Series G-1 Convertible Preferred Stock,
totaling , held by Jackson as of July 21, 2021, under the Amended Note Purchase Agreement. The New Note was deemed issued pursuant
to the Amended Note Purchase Agreement. 

Under
the terms of the New Note, the Company is required to pay interest on the New Note at a per annum rate of , in cash only, accruing
from and after the date of the New Note and until the entire principal balance of the New Note shall have been repaid in full, and on
and at all times during which the Default Rate (as defined in the Amended Note Purchase Agreement) applies, to the extent
permitted by law, at a per annum rate of . The entire outstanding principal balance of the New Note is due and payable in full on
 . Upon an Event of Default (as defined in the Amended Note Purchase Agreement), the principal of the New Note and all
accrued and unpaid interest thereon may be accelerated and declared or otherwise become due and payable in accordance with the terms
of the Amended Note Purchase Agreement. 

On
August 5, 2021, the Company entered into the First August 2021 Purchase Agreement. The net proceeds to the Company from the First August
2021 Offerings were approximately , after deducting placement agent fees and offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company
used a portion of the net proceeds from the First August 2021 Offerings together with other cash on hand to redeem of the 2020
Jackson Note, which had an outstanding principal amount of approximately immediately prior to such redemption. 

On
October 28, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the November 2021 Private Placement ). This
placement closed on November 2, 2021 and was announced on November 3, 2021. The net proceeds of the November 2021 Private Placement were
approximately million. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds from the November 2021 Private Placement to redeem 
of the 2020 Jackson Note, which had an outstanding principal amount of approximately immediately prior to such redemption. 

The
entire outstanding principal balance of the Second Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement was due and payable on September 30,
2022. On October 27, 2022, the Company entered into the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement with Jackson, which
amended and restated the Second Amended Note Purchase Agreement, dated October 26, 2020, as amended, and issued to Jackson the
Jackson Note, with a remaining outstanding principal balance of approximately million. 

In
connection with the amendment and restatement, the Company paid Jackson an amendment fee of . The Company accounted for the Third
Amended Note Purchase Agreement as a modification of the debt. Accordingly, fees totaling paid to Jackson as well issuance of
 common stock shares valued at , issuance of five year warrants with a strike price of expiring and the modification of warrants from a strike price of to and the extension of the warrant , resulting in a fair value adjustment of , were all recorded as additional debt discount
which will be amortized over the term of the 2022 Jackson Note using the effective interest method. 

Under
the terms of the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement and Jackson Note, the Company is required to pay interest on the
Jackson Note at a per annum rate of and in the event the Company has not repaid in cash at least of the outstanding principal
balance of the Jackson Note by October 27, 2023, then interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Jackson Note shall continue
to accrue at per annum of the outstanding principal balance of the Jackson Note until the Jackson Note is repaid in full. The Third
Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement also . 

In
addition, pursuant to the terms of the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, until all principal interest and fees due
pursuant to the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement and the Jackson Note are paid in full by the Company and are no
longer outstanding, Jackson shall have a first call over 
of the net proceeds from all common stock equity raises the Company conducts, which shall be used to pay down any outstanding
obligations due pursuant to the Note Documents. The Jackson Note continues to be secured by substantially all of the Company and its
subsidiaries assets as a second lien holder to Midcap in the US and HSBC in the UK, pursuant to the Amended and Restated
Security Agreement with Jackson, dated September 15, 2017, as amended, and as further amended by the Omnibus Agreement on October
27, 2022. 

Debt
Exchange Agreement 

On
November 15, 2018, the Company, entered into a Debt Exchange Agreement with Jackson, pursuant to which, among other things, Jackson agreed
to exchange (the Exchange Amount of indebtedness of the Company held by Jackson in exchange for shares
of Series E Preferred Stock, par value per share. 

The
Series E Preferred Stock ranked senior to the Company s common stock and any other series or classes of preferred stock issued
or outstanding with respect to dividend rights and rights on liquidation, winding up and dissolution. Each share of Series E Preferred
Stock was initially convertible into shares of common stock of the Company at any time after October 31, 2020 or the occurrence of
a Preferred Default (as defined in the Certificate of Designation for the Series E Preferred Stock (the Series E Certificate of
Designation )). A holder of Series E Preferred Stock was not required to pay any additional consideration in exchange for conversion
of such Series E Preferred Stock into the Company s common stock. Series E Preferred Stock was redeemable by the Company at any
time at a price per share equal to the stated value per share) plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon. 

The
Series E Preferred Stock carried quarterly dividend rights of (a) cash dividends accruing (i) at an annual rate per share equal to 12 
from the date of issuance and (ii) 17 after the occurrence of a Preferred Default, and (b) a dividend payable in shares of Series E-1
Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series E-1 Convertible Preferred Stock and, collectively with the Series E Convertible
Preferred Stock, the Series E Preferred Stock ). The shares of Series E-1 Convertible Preferred Stock had all the same terms,
preferences and characteristics as the Series E Preferred Stock (including, without limitation, the right to receive cash dividends),
except (i) Series E-1 Convertible Preferred Stock were mandatorily redeemable by the Company within thirty (30) days after written demand
received from any holder at any time after the earlier of the occurrence of a Preferred Default or November 15, 2020, for a cash payment
equal to the Liquidation Value (as defined in the Series E Certificate of Designation) plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon,
(ii) each share of Series E-1 Convertible Preferred Stock was initially convertible into 11 shares of the Company s common stock,
and (iii) Series E-1 Convertible Preferred Stock could be cancelled and extinguished by the Company if all shares of Series E Convertible
Preferred Stock are redeemed by the Company on or prior to October 31, 2020. 

. If the PIK Dividend Payment was elected, a holder
of Series E Preferred Stock was entitled to additional fee to be paid in shares of our common stock an amount equal to divided
by the average closing price, as reported by Nasdaq of such shares of common stock over the 5 trading days prior to the applicable monthly
interest payment date. , and if such average closing price were greater than then the average closing price for these purposes
would be deemed to be . Dividends on the Series E-1 Convertible Preferred Stock could only be paid in cash. If the Company failed
to make dividend payments on the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, it would be an event of default under the Amended Note Purchase
Agreement. 

Under
the terms of the Amendment, shares of Series E-1 Convertible Preferred Stock were convertible into common stock at a conversion rate
equal to the liquidation value of each share of Series E-1 Convertible Preferred Stock divided by per share commencing October
31, 2020. Each share of Series E-1 Convertible Preferred Stock had a liquidation value of per share. The shares of Series E Convertible
Preferred Stock were also convertible into shares of common stock after October 31, 2022. The conversion rate for the Series E Convertible
Preferred Stock was equal to the liquidation value of each share of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock divided by per share.
Each share of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock had a liquidation value of per share. The Amendment resulted in the original
conversion price of and of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock and E-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, respectively,
being reduced to for both instruments. 

The
Company accounted for the Amendment as a modification to the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock and Series E-1 Convertible Preferred
Stock. The change in fair value as a result of the modification amounted to and was recognized as a deemed dividend as of the fiscal
year ended January 2, 2021. Further, the Company recognized a beneficial conversion feature (BCF) of as a result of the decrease
in the conversion price to in comparison to the Company s stock price on the date of the Amendment. The BCF was recognized
as a deemed dividend. As the Company lacked retained earnings at the time of determination, the deemed dividend was recorded as a reduction
in additional paid-in capital resulting in a net impact to additional paid-in capital of . 

Under
the terms of the Consent and the Series E Certificate of Designation, in consideration for Jackson s consent to the first PRO
Transaction, the Initial Payment was used to redeem a portion of the Series E Preferred Stock, and the Escrow Funds, subject to the forgiveness
of PPP Loan, were agreed to be used to redeem a portion of the Series E Preferred Stock. As this provision results in a contingent redemption
feature, approximately of the Series E Preferred Stock was reclassified to mezzanine equity during the year ended January 1, 2022.
On July 22, 2021, after conversion of the Series G Preferred Stock to the New Note, the Company redeemed of the 2020 Jackson Note
using the Escrow Funds. 

Lastly,
under the terms of the Limited Consent and Waiver with Jackson dated February 5, 2021, it was agreed that to the extent that any of the
PPP Loans are forgiven after the February 2021 Offering, Jackson may convert the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock and Series E-1
Convertible Preferred Stock that remains outstanding into a secured note that is substantially similar to the 2020 Jackson Note. As this
provision results in a contingent redemption feature, approximately of the Series E Preferred Stock was reclassified to mezzanine
equity. The Company assessed the fair value of the instrument just before and after this modification and recorded a deemed dividend
totaling upon remeasurement of the Series E Preferred Stock. 

Jackson
Waivers 

On
February 5, 2021, notwithstanding certain provisions of the certificate of designation for the
Base Series E Preferred Stock that would have required the Company to use all the proceeds from the offering to redeem the Base Series
E Preferred Stock. In addition, the Company also agreed in the Limited Consent and Waiver to additional limits on its ability to incur
other indebtedness, including limits on advances under our revolving loan facility with MidCap. The Company also agreed that to the extent
that any of our PPP Loans are forgiven after the offering, Jackson may convert the Base Series E Preferred Stock and Series E-1 Preferred
Stock that remains outstanding into a secured note that is substantially similar to the 2020 Jackson Note. 

Series
G Preferred Stock Related Party 

On
May 6, 2021, the Company, entered into an Exchange Agreement with Jackson (the Exchange Agreement ), pursuant to which,
among other things, Jackson agreed to exchange shares of the Company s Series E Convertible Preferred Stock and shares
of the Series E-1 Preferred Stock for an equivalent number of shares of the Company s newly issued Series G Convertible Preferred
Stock and Series G-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, respectively (collectively, the Series G Preferred Stock and the transaction,
the Exchange ). The Series G Preferred Stock was subject to the same terms stated in the Limited Waiver, as defined herein
and described in Note 12. 

The
Series G Preferred Stock ranked senior to each of the Company s common stock, Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock and Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, and any other classes and series of stock of the Company now or hereafter authorized,
issued or outstanding, which by their terms expressly provide that they are junior to the Series G Preferred Stock or which do not specify
their rank (which includes the Series F Convertible Preferred Stock). . 

. 

On
July 20, 2021, the Company entered into the July 2021 Purchase Agreement. As the Company s Series G Preferred Stock was outstanding,
it was required to use the proceeds of any sales of equity securities, including the common stock offered in the July 2021 Registered
Direct Offering, exclusively to redeem any outstanding shares of Series G Preferred Stock, subject to certain limitations. The Company
received a waiver from Jackson, the sole holder of the outstanding shares of its Series G Preferred Stock, to pay accrued and unpaid
interest and prepay a portion of the outstanding principal balance of the 2020 Jackson Note, and paid accrued and unpaid dividends on
the Series G-1 Convertible Preferred Stock upon conversion of such preferred stock into the New Note. While under the terms of the Certificate
of Designation governing the Series G Preferred Stock and Series G-1 Preferred Stock, shares and shares of common stock were
issuable upon the conversion of Series G Preferred Stock and Series G-1 Preferred Stock, respectively, the shares of Series G Preferred
Stock and Series G-1 Convertible Preferred Stock were not converted to common stock and instead were converted on July 21, 2021 to debt.
The terms of this note match the terms of the Amended Note Purchase Agreement from October 26, 2020. 

As
of October 1, 2022, there were no shares of Series G or Series G-1 Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding. 

HSBC
Loan 

On
February 8, 2018, CBS Butler Holdings Limited CBS Butler ), Staffing 360 Solutions Limited and The JM Group, entered into
a new arrangement with HSBC Invoice Finance (UK) Ltd HSBC which provides for HSBC to purchase the subsidiaries 
accounts receivable up to an aggregate amount of 
 across all three subsidiaries. The terms of the
arrangement provide for HSBC to fund 90 of the purchased accounts receivable upfront and, a secured borrowing line of 70 of unbilled
receivables capped at 
 (within the overall aggregate total facility
of ).
The arrangement has an initial term of 
 months, with an automatic rolling three-month
extension and carries a service charge of .
Under ASU 2016-16, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230, Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, a consensus
of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force , the upfront portion of the sale of accounts receivable is classified within operating
activities, while the deferred purchase price portion (or beneficial interest), once collected, is classified within investing activities.
On April 20, 2020, the terms of the loan with HSBC were amended such that no capital repayments would be required between April 2020
to September 2020, and only interest payments would be made during such time. Since such time, capital repayments have resumed. On May
15, 2020, the Company entered into a loan with HSBC in the UK for .
As of December 31, 2022, the balance for the HSBC loan is . 

Redeemable
Series H Preferred Stock 

On
May 18, 2022, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with Headway. Consideration for the Purchase of of Headway was
the issuance of an aggregate of shares of Series H Preferred Stock. Each share of Series H Preferred Stock shall have a par
value of per share and a stated value equal to and is convertible at any time into an aggregate of shares of common
stock. This is determined by dividing the stated value of such share of Preferred Stock by the conversion price. The conversion price
equals . Holders of Series H Preferred Stock are entitled to quarterly cash dividends at a per annum rate of . The shares of
the Series H Preferred Stock may be redeemed by the Company through a cash payment at a per share equal to the stated value, plus all
accrued but unpaid dividends, at any time. On May 18, 2025, the Company shall redeem all of the shares of the Series H Preferred Stock.
 . As of December 31, 2022
the redemption price was . 

In
accordance with ASC 480-10-15-3, the agreement includes certain rights and options including: redemption, dividend, voting, and conversion
which have characteristics akin to liability and equity. The Series H Preferred Stock is redeemable and has a defined maturity date upon
the third anniversary of the original issue date. As such and based on the authoritative guidance, the Series H Preferred Stock meets
the definition of a debt instrument. The Company obtained a third-party valuation report to calculate the fair value of Series H Preferred
Stock. As of May 18, 2022, the fair value of the Redemption Price was calculated as utilizing the CRR Binomial Lattice model.
The difference in fair value was is accounted as a deferred financing charge and will be amortized over the life of the term. The
quarterly dividends will be reflected as interest expense. 

with a corresponding lease liability of approximately and ROU of approximately with a corresponding
lease liability of approximately , respectively, based on the present value of the minimum rental payments of such leases. The
Company s finance leases are immaterial both individually and in the aggregate. 

In
September 2021, the Company entered into a new lease agreement for an office lease in New York for a term of years. This resulted in
increases to right of use assets and lease liabilities of . On May 18, 2022, the Company acquired Headway and assumed an office
lease in North Carolina for a remaining term of six years and eight months. This resulted in increases to right of use assets of ,715 
and lease liabilities of . In April 2022, the Company entered into a new lease agreement for an office lease in London, England
for a term of . This resulted in increases to right of use assets and lease liabilities of . In May 2022, the Company entered
into a new lease agreement for an office lease in Redhill, England for a term of . This resulted in increases to right of use
assets and lease liabilities of . 

Other information 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

Weighted average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Less: Imputed Interest 

Operating lease, liability 

Leases - Current 

Leases - Non current 

As
most of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use the Company s incremental borrowing rate based on the
information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. This methodology was deemed to yield a
measurement of the ROU lease asset and associated lease liability that was appropriately stated in all material respects. 

Board and committee members 

Related party shares 

Consultants 

The
Company issued the following shares of common stock during Fiscal 2021: 

Number of 
 Common Shares 
 Fair Value 
 of Shares 
 Fair Value at Issuance 
 (minimum and maximum 
 
 Shares issued to/for: 
 Issued 
 Issued 
 per share) 
 
 Equity raise 

Board and committee members 

Long Term Incentive Plan 

Consultants 

- 
 
 Employees 

Conversion of Series F 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Conversion of Series A 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The
Company s authorized common stock consists of shares having a par value of . As of the end of Fiscal 2022 and
Fiscal 2021, the Company has issued and outstanding and common shares, respectively. 

Increase
of Authorized Common Stock 

On
December 27, 2021, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
the Company to effect an increase to its number of shares of authorized common stock, par value from to . 

July
2022 Private Placement 

On
July 1, 2022, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors for the issuance and
sale of a private placement of shares of common stock or pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common stock, and warrants
(the July 2022 Warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock, with an exercise price of per share. The
July 2022 Warrants are exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a term of exercise equal to five and one-half years from the date
of issuance. The combined purchase price for one share of common stock (or pre-funded warrant) and one associated warrant to purchase
one share of common stock was . 

In
connection with the private placement, each investor entered into Warrant Amendment Agreements to amend the exercise prices of certain
existing warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of our common stock that were previously issued to the investors,
with exercise prices ranging from to per share and . The
Warrant Amendment Agreements became effective upon the closing of the July 2022 Private Placement and pursuant to the Warrant Amendment
Agreements, the amended warrants have a reduced exercise price of per share and expire five and one-half years following the closing
of the July 2022 Private Placement. 

February
2021 Public Offering 

On
February 9, 2021, the Company announced the pricing of a public offering of an aggregate of shares of its common stock at a public
offering price of per share. The February 2021 Offering was made pursuant to the Company s registration statement on Form
S-1 initially filed on January 13, 2021, as subsequently amended and declared effective on February 9, 2021. The February 2021 Offering
was made only by means of a prospectus forming a part of the effective registration statement. 

The
February 2021 Offering closed on February 12, 2021. In the February 2021 Offering, the Company issued shares of common stock
and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock, at an exercise price of per share. The Pre-funded Warrants
were sold at per Pre-funded Warrant. The Pre-funded Warrants were immediately exercisable and could be exercised at any time after
their original issuance until such Pre-funded Warrants were exercised in full. The Pre-funded Warrants were exercised immediately upon
issuance, and shares of common stock were issued on February 12, 2021. 

The
net proceeds to the Company from the February 2021 Offering were approximately , after deducting placement agent fees and estimated
offering expenses payable by the Company. Prior to the exchange of the Company s Series E Preferred Stock for Series G Preferred
Stock, consummated on May 6, 2021, the Company was required to use the proceeds of any sales of equity securities, including the securities
offered in the February 2021 Offering, exclusively to redeem any outstanding shares of the Company s Series E Preferred Stock,
subject to certain limitations. Pursuant to the Limited Consent, the Company was permitted to use approximately (i) 75 of the net proceeds
from the February 2021 Offering to redeem a portion of the outstanding Jackson Note and to use (ii) 25 of the net proceeds from the
February 2021 Offering to redeem a portion of the Company s Series E Preferred Stock, and upon closing of the February 2021 Offering,
the Company redeemed a portion of the 2020 Jackson Note and redeemed . . 

. In addition, the Company also agreed in the Limited
Consent to additional limits on the Company s ability to incur other indebtedness, including limits on advances under the revolving
loan facility with MidCap. The Company also agreed that to the extent that any of our PPP Loans are forgiven after the Offering, Jackson
may convert the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock and Series E-1 Convertible Preferred Stock that remains outstanding into a secured
note that is substantially similar to the 2020 Jackson Note. On April 8, 2021, the Limited Consent was extended to June 17, 2021. 

On
February 5, 2021, the Company also entered into a Limited Waiver and Agreement with Jackson (the Limited Waiver ), whereby
Jackson agreed that it would not convert any shares of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock or Series E-1 Convertible Preferred Stock
into shares of our common stock or exercise any warrants to purchase shares to the extent that doing so would cause the number of our
authorized shares of common stock to be less than the number of shares being offered in the Offering. Jackson also waived any event of
default under the Series E Certificate of Designation and the 2020 Jackson Note that would have resulted from the Company having an insufficient
number of authorized shares of common stock to honor conversions of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock and the exercise of Jackson s
warrants. On April 8, 2021, the Limited Waiver was extended to June 17, 2021, and on May 6, 2021, the Limited Waiver was extended to June
30, 2021. The limited waiver was not extended further because the Company effected a Reverse Stock Split on June 30, 2021, and such waiver
was no longer required. 

April
2021 Private Placement 

On
April 21, 2021, the Company entered into the April 2021 Purchase Agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors for the
issuance and sale of an aggregate of shares of Series F Preferred Stock at a price of per share and warrants to purchase
up to an aggregate of shares of common stock, at an exercise price of per share. The April 2021 Warrants are exercisable
six months following the closing of the April 2021 Private Placement and will expire five years following the date the April 2021 Warrants
first became exercisable. 

The
Series F Preferred Stock is convertible into an aggregate of approximately shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of 
per share, subject to certain ownership limitations, upon the Company amending its certificate of incorporation to to be determined by the Company s Board. . 

The
net proceeds to the Company from the April 2021 Private Placement were approximately , after deducting placement agent fees and
estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company used of the net proceeds to redeem a portion of the 2020 Jackson
Note, which had an outstanding principal amount of as of April 21, 2021. In addition, the Company used of the net proceeds
for working capital purposes. 

As
the Series F Preferred Stock was issued concurrently with the April 2021 Warrants, the Company evaluated the existence of a beneficial
conversion feature BCF using the effective conversion price for the Preferred Stock based on the proceeds allocated to
that instrument. Accordingly, the Company recognized a BCF of as of the issuance date as a deemed dividend. 

Subject
to certain beneficial ownership limitations, the Series F Preferred Stock shall vote on an as converted basis on all matters
submitted to the holders of Common Stock for approval; provided, however, that solely for purposes of determining the number of votes
that the Series F Preferred Stock is entitled to, the Conversion Price of the Series F Preferred Stock shall be deemed
 . In addition, as long as any shares of the Series F Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company shall not, without the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series F Preferred Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers,
preferences or rights given to the Series F Preferred Stock, (b) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in
any manner that adversely affects any rights of the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock, or (c) increase the number of authorized
shares of the Series F Preferred Stock, or (d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. As of January 1, 2022, all
Series F Preferred Stock was converted to common stock and there are Series F Preferred shares outstanding. 

Series
G Preferred Stock Related Party 

On
May 6, 2021, the Company, entered into the Exchange Agreement with Jackson, pursuant to which, among other things, Jackson agreed to
exchange shares of the Company s Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, and shares of the Series E-1 Preferred Stock
for an equivalent number of shares of the Company s newly issued Series G Convertible Preferred Stock and Series G-1 Convertible
Preferred Stock. The Series G Convertible Preferred Stock is subject to the same terms stated in the Limited Waiver, as described above
in February 2021 Offering in this Note 12. 

The
Series G Preferred Stock ranks senior to each of the Company s common stock, Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock and Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, and any other classes and series of stock of the Company now or hereafter authorized,
issued or outstanding, which by their terms expressly provide that they are junior to the Series G Preferred Stock or which do not specify
their rank (which includes the Series F Convertible Preferred Stock). . 

. 

The
Series G Preferred Stock shall vote on an as converted basis on all matters submitted to the holders of common stock for
approval. 

While
under the terms of the Certificate of Designation governing the Series G Preferred Stock and Series G-1 Preferred Stock, as of July 20,
2021 shares and shares of common stock were issuable upon the conversion of Series G Preferred Stock and Series G-1 Preferred
Stock, respectively, the shares of Series G Preferred Stock and Series G-1 Convertible Preferred Stock were not converted to common stock
and instead were converted on July 21, 2021 to current debt. 

July
2021 Registered Direct Offering and Concurrent Private Placement July 2021 Offerings 

On
July 20, 2021, the company entered into the July 2021 Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors. Pursuant to the July 2021
Purchase Agreement, the Company sold in the July 2021 Registered Direct Offering, shares of the Company s common stock
to the investors at an offering price of per share and associated warrant. In the concurrent July 2021 Private Placement, the
Company sold to the same investors unregistered warrants (the July 2021 Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 
shares of common stock, representing of the shares of common stock sold in the July 2021 Registered Direct Offering. The July 2021
Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of per share, were exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a term of exercise
equal to five years from the date of issuance. 

The
net proceeds from the July 2021 Offerings were approximately , after deducting placement agent fees and other estimated offering
expenses payable by the Company. While the Company s Series G Preferred Stock was outstanding, it was required to use the proceeds
of any sales of equity securities, including the common stock offered in the July 2021 Registered Direct Offering, exclusively to redeem
any outstanding shares of Series G Preferred Stock, subject to certain limitations. The Company received a waiver from Jackson, the sole
holder of the outstanding shares of its Series G Preferred Stock, to pay accrued and unpaid interest and prepay a portion of the outstanding
principal balance of the 2020 Jackson Note, which at the time had an outstanding principal amount of , and to pay accrued and
unpaid dividends on the Series G-1 Convertible Preferred Stock upon conversion of such preferred stock into the New Note. 

Pursuant
to the engagement letter entered into on December 21, 2020 (as amended, the Engagement Letter with H.C. Wainwright 
Co., LLC Wainwright ), pursuant to which Wainwright agreed to serve as the exclusive placement agent for the Company, on
a reasonable best-efforts basis, in connection with the July 2021 Offerings, the Company paid Wainwright an aggregate cash fee equal
to of the gross proceeds of the July 2021 Offerings and a management fee equal to of the gross proceeds of the July 2021 Offerings,
and additionally reimbursed Wainwright for a non-accountable expense allowance of and for clearing expenses. Additionally, the
Company issued to Wainwright or its designees as compensation warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock, equal to 
of the aggregate number of shares of common stock placed in the July 2021 Registered Direct Offering (the July 2021 Wainwright
Warrants ). The July 2021 Wainwright Warrants have a term of five years from the commencement of sales under the July 2021
Registered Direct Offering and an exercise price of per share of common stock (equal to of the offering price per share
of common stock issued and sold in the July 2021 Registered Direct Offering). The July 2021 Offerings closed on July 23, 2021. 

Jackson
Consent 

In
connection with the July 2021 Offerings, on July 22, 2021 the Company entered into a limited consent with Jackson whereby, among other
things, Jackson agreed that the Company could effect the July 2021 Offerings and use of the net proceeds thereof to pay accrued
and unpaid interest and prepay a portion of the outstanding principal balance of the 2020 Jackson Note, notwithstanding certain provisions
of the certificate of designation for the Series G Preferred Stock (the Series G Certificate of Designation that would
have required the Company to use all the proceeds from the July 2021 Offerings to redeem the Series G Preferred Stock. 

Conversion
of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock into Senior Debt 

On
July 21, 2021, the Company exchanged its shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock and shares of Series G-1 Convertible
Preferred Stock for senior indebtedness by entering into the New Note, in aggregate principal amount of (the New Note ),
which amount represented all of the outstanding Series G Preferred Stock totaling and Series G-1 Convertible Preferred Stock totaling
 held by Jackson as of July 21, 2021, under the Note Purchase Agreement. The New Note was deemed issued pursuant to the Amended
Note Purchase Agreement. 

Under
the terms of the New Note, the Company is required to pay interest on the New Note at a per annum rate of , in cash only, accruing
from and after the date of the New Note and until the entire principal balance of the New Note shall have been repaid in full, and on
and at all times during which the Default Rate (as defined in the Amended Note Purchase Agreement) applies, to the extent
permitted by law, at a per annum rate of . The entire outstanding principal balance of the New Note is due and payable in full on
 . Upon an Event of Default (as defined in the Amended Note Purchase Agreement), the principal of the New Note and all
accrued and unpaid interest thereon may be accelerated and declared or otherwise become due and payable in accordance with the terms
of the Amended Note Purchase Agreement. 

First
August 2021 Registered Direct Offering and Concurrent Private Placement 

On
August 5, 2021, the Company entered into the First August 2021 Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors. Pursuant to the
First August 2021 Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to sell, in a registered direct offering, shares of the Company s
common stock to the purchasers at an offering price of per share and associated warrant. Pursuant to the First August 2021 Purchase
Agreement, in a concurrent private placement, the Company also sold to the purchasers unregistered warrants to purchase up to an aggregate
of shares of common stock, representing of the shares of common stock that were issued and sold in the First August 2021 Registered
Direct Offering. The First August 2021 Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of per share, were exercisable immediately
upon issuance and have a term of exercise equal to five years from the date of issuance. 

Pursuant
to the Engagement Letter, Wainwright agreed to serve as the exclusive placement agent for the Company, on a reasonable best-efforts basis,
in connection with the First August 2021 Offerings. The Company paid Wainwright an aggregate cash fee equal to of the gross proceeds
of the First August 2021 Offerings and a management fee equal to of the gross proceeds of the First August 2021 Offerings, and additionally
reimbursed Wainwright for a non-accountable expense allowance of and for clearing expenses. Additionally, the Company issued
to Wainwright or its designees as compensation warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock, equal to of the aggregate
number of shares of common stock placed in the First August 2021 Registered Direct Offering (the First August 2021 Wainwright
Warrants ). The First August 2021 Wainwright Warrants have a term of five years from the commencement of sales under the First
August 2021 Registered Direct Offering and an exercise price of per share of common stock (equal to of the offering price
per share of common stock issued and sold in the First August 2021 Registered Direct Offering). The First August 2021 Offerings closed
on August 9, 2021. 

The
net proceeds to the Company from the First August 2021 Offerings were approximately , after deducting placement agent fees and
estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds from the First August 2021 Offerings
together with other cash on hand to redeem of the 2020 Jackson Note, which had an outstanding principal amount of approximately
 immediately prior to such redemption. 

Second
August 2021 Registered Direct Offering and Concurrent Private Placement 

On
August 22, 2021, the Company entered into the Second August 2021 Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors. Pursuant to
the Second August 2021 Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to sell, in a registered direct offering, shares of the Company s
common stock to the purchasers at an offering price of per share and associated warrant. Pursuant to the Second August 2021 Purchase
Agreement, in a concurrent private placement, the Company also sold to the purchasers unregistered warrants to purchase up to an aggregate
of shares of common stock, representing of the shares of common stock that were issued and sold in the Second August 2021
Registered Direct Offering. The Second August 2021 Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of per share, were exercisable
immediately upon issuance and have a term of exercise equal to from the date of issuance. 

Pursuant
to the Engagement Letter, Wainwright agreed to serve as the exclusive placement agent for the Company, on a reasonable best-efforts basis,
in connection with the Second August 2021 Offerings. The Company paid Wainwright an aggregate cash fee equal to of the gross proceeds
of the Second August 2021 Offerings and a management fee equal to of the gross proceeds of the Second August 2021 Offerings, and
additionally reimbursed Wainwright for a non-accountable expense allowance of and for clearing expenses. Additionally, the Company
issued to Wainwright or its designees as compensation warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock, equal to of the
aggregate number of shares of common stock placed in the Second August 2021 Registered Direct Offering (the Second August 2021
Wainwright Warrants ). The Second August 2021 Wainwright Warrants have a term of five years from the commencement of sales
under the August 2021 Registered Direct Offering and an exercise price of per share of common stock (equal to of the offering
price per share of common stock issued and sold in the Second August 2021 Registered Direct Offering). The Second August 2021 Offerings
closed on August 22, 2021. 

The
net proceeds to the Company from the Second August 2021 Offerings were approximately , after deducting placement agent fees and
estimate offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company used all proceeds for working capital purposes. 

November
2021 Concurrent Private Placement 

On
October 28, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors for the
issuance and sale of shares of common stock, par value per share or pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common
stock and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock, with an exercise price of per share (the November
2021 Private Placement ). The warrants were exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a term of exercise equal to five years
from the date of issuance. The combined purchase price for one share of common stock (or pre-funded warrant) and one associated warrant
was . 

Pursuant
to the Engagement Letter, Wainwright agreed to serve as the exclusive placement agent for the Company, on a reasonable best-efforts basis,
in connection with the November 2021 Private Placement. The Company paid Wainwright a total cash fee equal to of the aggregate gross
proceeds of the November 2021 Private Placement and a management fee equal to of the gross proceeds of the November 2021 Private
Placement, and additionally reimbursed Wainwright for a non-accountable expense allowance of . In addition, the Company issued to
Wainwright or its designees warrants (the November 2021 Wainwright Warrants to purchase up to shares of common
stock at an exercise price equal to . The November 2021 Wainwright Warrants were exercisable immediately upon issuance and have
a term of exercise equal to five years from the commencement of sales under the November 2021 Private Placement. 

Third
Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement 

On
October 27, 2022, the Company entered into the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement with Jackson, which amended and restated
the Amended Note Purchase Agreement, dated October 26, 2020, as amended, and issued to Jackson the Jackson Note, with a remaining outstanding
principal balance of approximately million. 

In
connection with the amendment and restatement, the Company paid Jackson an amendment fee of . The Company accounted for the Amended
Note Purchase Agreement as a modification of the debt. Accordingly, fees totaling paid to Jackson as well issuance of common
stock shares valued at , issuance of warrants with a strike price of expiring and the modification
of warrants from a strike price of to and the extension of the warrant expiration date of January 26, 2026 to October
27, 2027, resulting in a fair value adjustment of , were all recorded as additional debt discount which will be amortized over the
term of the 2022 Jackson Note using the effective interest method. 

Restricted
Shares 

The
Company has issued shares of restricted stock to employees and members of the Board under its 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan, 2016 Omnibus
Incentive Plan, 2020 Omnibus Plan and 2021 Omnibus Inventive Plan. Under these plans, the shares are restricted for a period of three
years from issuance. As of Fiscal 2022, the Company has issued a total of restricted shares of common stock to employees and Board
members that remain restricted. In accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, the Company recognizes stock-based
compensation from restricted stock based upon the fair value of the award at issuance over the vesting term on a straight-line basis.
The fair value of the award is calculated by multiplying the number of restricted shares by the Company s stock price on the date
of issuance. The impact of forfeitures has historically been immaterial to the financial statements. In Fiscal 2022 and 2021, the Company
recorded compensation expense associated with these restricted shares of and , respectively. The table below is a rollforward
of unvested restricted shares issued to employees and board of directors. 

Granted 

Vested/adjustments 

Balance
 at January 1, 2022 

Granted 

Vested/adjustments 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

Series
A Preferred Stock Related Party 

On
May 29, 2015, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock with the Nevada Secretary
of State, whereby the Company designated shares of preferred stock as Series A Preferred Stock, par value per share.
On June 15, 2017, the Company reincorporated in the State of Delaware. The Series A Preferred Stock has a stated value of per
share and is entitled to a dividend. 

. 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock were entitled to receive
out of the assets of the Company legally available for distribution, prior to and in preference to distributions to the holders of the
Company s common stock, par value per share or classes and series of securities of the Company which by their terms do
not rank senior to the Series A Preferred Stock, and either in preference to or pari passu with the holders of any other series of Preferred
Stock that may be issued in the future that is expressly made senior or pari passu, as the case may be, an amount equal to the stated
value of the Series A Preferred Stock less any dividends previously paid out on the Series A Preferred Stock. 

The
holders were entitled to receive cash dividends at the rate of of the stated value per annum, payable monthly in cash, prior to and
in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend on the common stock. So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are
outstanding, the Company shall not declare, pay or set apart for payment any dividend on any shares of common stock, unless at the time
of such dividend the Company shall have paid all accrued and unpaid dividends on the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

The
Certificate of Designation filed on May 29, 2015, designating the Series A Preferred Stock, was filed in connection with the Company s
issuance of an aggregate of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Brendan Flood and Matthew Briand for the conversion of the
Gross Profit Appreciation Bonus (as defined in each employment agreement) associated with their employment agreements. The Certificate
of Designation was approved and related issuances were ratified by the Company s Board and compensation committee on May 29, 2015. 

Up
until the Redemption Date, holders may convert their shares into common stock at their election. On the Redemption Date, the Company
shall redeem all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock of each holder, for cash or for shares of common stock in the Company s
sole discretion. If the redemption purchase price is paid in shares of common stock, the holders shall initially receive 0.13 shares
of common stock for each of the Redemption Purchase Price. If the redemption purchase price is paid in cash, the redemption price
paid to each holder shall be equal to the Stated Value for each share of Series A Preferred Stock, multiplied by the number of shares
of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder, less the aggregate amount of dividends paid to such holder through the Redemption Date. 

On
January 21, 2020, the Company converted the shares of Series A Preferred Stock awarded to Mr. Briand into shares of common stock.
On January 8, 2021, the Company converted the shares awarded to Mr. Flood into shares of common stock. The Company has and 
of dividends payable to Series A Preferred Stockholders at the end of Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively. 

Series
E Preferred Stock 

The
Series E Preferred Stock ranks senior to common stock and any other series or classes of preferred stock now or after issued or outstanding
with respect to dividend rights and rights on liquidation, winding up and dissolution. Each share of Series E Preferred Stock was initially
convertible into shares of our common stock at any time after October 31, 2020 or the occurrence of a Preferred Default. A holder
of Series E Preferred Stock is not required to pay any additional consideration in exchange for conversion of such Series E Preferred
Stock into our common stock. Series E Preferred Stock is redeemable by the Company at any time at a price per share equal to the stated
value per share) plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon. While the Series E Preferred Stock is outstanding, the Company
is required to use the proceeds of any sales of equity securities, exclusively to redeem any outstanding shares of Series E Preferred
Stock, except that the Company is permitted to use up to an aggregate of of the gross proceeds from any equity offering completed
on or before November 15, 2019 for working capital purposes. On January 22, 2019, the Company completed a registered direct offering
of our common stock that generated in gross proceeds that are to be used for working capital purposes. On February 12, 2019, the
Company closed its previously announced firm commitment underwritten public offering in which, pursuant to an underwriting agreement
between the Company and the underwriter, dated as of February 8, 2019, the Company issued and sold shares of its common stock,
at a public offering price of per share. Notwithstanding the terms of the certificate of designations for Series E Preferred Stock,
Jackson, the holder our outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock, did not require us to use the proceeds from our recent offerings
in excess of to redeem outstanding shares of the Series E Preferred Stock. Instead, the Company used such excess proceeds to make
a terminal payment to the sellers of first PRO in final settlement of all deferred consideration due under our asset purchase agreement
with such sellers. 

In
the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock were entitled to receive out of the
Company assets legally available for distribution, prior to and in preference to distributions to the holders of common stock or classes
and series of securities which by their terms do not rank senior to the Series E Preferred Stock, and either in preference to or pari
passu with the holders of any other series of preferred stock that may be issued in the future that is expressly made senior or pari
passu, as the case may be, an amount equal to the stated value of the Series E Preferred Stock plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. 

On
October 23, 2020, the Company filed the second amendment to the Certificate of Designation of the Series E Preferred Stock and Series
E-1 Preferred Stock. Under the amended terms, holders of Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to monthly cash dividends on the Company s
Series E Preferred Stock at a per annum rate of . At the Company s option, up to of the cash dividend on the Base Series
E Preferred Stock may be paid in kind by adding such portion to the outstanding liquidation value of the Base Series E Preferred
Stock, commencing on October 26, 2020 and ending on October 25, 2021. If such average market price is less than , or is otherwise undeterminable because such shares are no longer publicly
traded or the closing price is no longer reported by Nasdaq, then the average closing price for these purposes shall be deemed to be
 , and if such average closing price is greater than then the average closing price for these purposes shall be deemed to
be . Dividends on the Series E-1 Preferred Stock may only be paid in cash. If the Company fails to make dividend payments on the
Series E Preferred Stock, it will be an event of default under the Amended Note Purchase Agreement. 

Under
the terms of the Amendment, shares of Series E-1 Preferred Stock were convertible into the Company common stock at a conversion rate
equal to the liquidation value of each share of Series E-1 Preferred Stock divided by per share commencing October 31, 2020. Each
share of Series E-1 Preferred Stock had a liquidation value of per share. The Company s shares of Series E Preferred
Stock were also convertible into shares of our common stock after October 31, 2022. The conversion rate for our Series E Preferred
Stock is equal to the liquidation value of each share of Series E Preferred Stock divided by per share. Each share of Series E Preferred Stock has a liquidation value of per share. On September 28, 2020, the Company redeemed shares of Series E Preferred Stock outstanding. 

On
May 6, 2021, the Company, entered into the Exchange Agreement with Jackson, pursuant to which, among other things, Jackson agreed to
exchange shares of the Company s Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, and shares of the Series E-1 Convertible Preferred
Stock for an equivalent number of shares of the Company s newly issued Series G Preferred Stock and Series G-1 Convertible Preferred
Stock. As of the end of Fiscal 2021, shares and shares of Series E Preferred Stock and Series E-1 Preferred Stock were outstanding,
respectively. On July 21, 2021, the Company exchanged its shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock and shares of Series
G-1 Convertible Preferred Stock for senior indebtedness by entering into the New Note, in aggregate principal amount of , which
amount represented all of the outstanding Series G Preferred Stock totaling and Series G-1 Convertible Preferred Stock totaling
 held by Jackson as of July 21, 2021, under the Note Purchase Agreement. As of the end of Fiscal 2021, shares and shares of
Series G Preferred Stock and Series G-1 Preferred Stock were outstanding, respectively. 

Warrants 

On
December 29, 2020, as partial compensation for Wainwright s services as underwriter in the December 23, 2020 underwriting agreement,
the Company issued to Wainwright s designees warrants to purchase shares of common stock. The warrants have a term of five years from the commencement of sales under the offering, an exercise price of per share. 

On
December 31, 2020, as partial compensation for Wainwright s services as placement agent in the December 30, 2020 securities purchase
agreement, the Company issued to Wainwright s designees warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock. The warrants
have a term of five years from the commencement of sales under the offering, an exercise price of per share. 

On
February 9, 2021, as partial compensation for Wainwright s services as underwriter in the February 9, 2021 underwriting
agreement, the Company issued to Wainwright s designees warrants to purchase shares of common stock. The warrants have
a term of five years from the commencement of sales under the offering, an exercise price of per share. 

On
April 21, 2021, the Company entered into the April 2021 Purchase Agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors for the
issuance and sale of an aggregate of shares of Series F Preferred Stock at a price of per share and warrants to purchase
up to an aggregate of shares of common stock, at an exercise price of per share. The April 2021 Warrants are exercisable
six months following the closing of the April 2021 Private Placement and will expire five years following the date the April 2021 Warrants
first became exercisable. 

As
partial compensation for Wainwright s services as underwriter in the April 21, 2021 underwriting agreement, the Company issued
to Wainwright s designees warrants to purchase shares of common stock. The warrants have a term of five years from the
commencement of sales under the offering, an exercise price of per share. 

On
July 20, 2021, the Company entered into the July 2021 Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors. Pursuant to the July 2021
Purchase Agreement, the Company sold in the July 2021 Registered Direct Offering, shares of the Company s common stock
to the investors at an offering price of per share and associated warrant. In the concurrent July 2021 Private Placement, the
Company sold to the same investors unregistered warrants (the July 2021 Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 
shares of common stock, representing of the shares of common stock sold in the July 2021 Registered Direct Offering. The July 2021
Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of per share, were exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a term of exercise
equal to five years from the date of issuance. 

As
partial compensation for Wainwright s services as underwriter in the July 20, 2021 underwriting agreement, the Company issued to
Wainwright s designees warrants to purchase shares of common stock. The warrants have a term of five years from the
commencement of sales under the offering, an exercise price of per share. 

On
August 5, 2021, the Company entered into the First August 2021 Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors. Pursuant to the
First August 2021 Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to sell, in a registered direct offering, shares of the Company s
common stock to the purchasers at an offering price of per share and associated warrant. Pursuant to the First August 2021 Purchase
Agreement, in a concurrent private placement, the Company also sold to the purchasers unregistered warrants to purchase up to an aggregate
of shares of common stock, representing of the shares of common stock that were issued and sold in the First August 2021 Registered
Direct Offering. The First August 2021 Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of per share, were exercisable immediately
upon issuance and have a term of exercise equal to five years from the date of issuance. 

As
partial compensation for Wainwright s services as underwriter in the First August 2021 Purchase Agreement, the Company issued to
Wainwright s designees warrants to purchase shares of common stock. The warrants have a term of five years from the
commencement of sales under the offering, an exercise price of per share. 

On
August 22, 2021, the Company entered into the Second August 2021 Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors. Pursuant to
the Second August 2021 Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to sell, in a registered direct offering, shares of the Company s
common stock to the purchasers at an offering price of per share and associated warrant. Pursuant to the Second August 2021 Purchase
Agreement, in a concurrent private placement, the Company also sold to the purchasers unregistered warrants to purchase up to an aggregate
of shares of common stock, representing of the shares of common stock that were issued and sold in the Second August 2021
Registered Direct Offering. The Second August 2021 Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of per share, were exercisable
immediately upon issuance and have a term of exercise equal to five years from the date of issuance. 

As
partial compensation for Wainwright s services as underwriter in the Second August 2021 Purchase Agreement, the Company issued
to Wainwright s designees warrants to purchase shares of common stock. The warrants have a term of five years from the
commencement of sales under the offering, an exercise price of per share. 

On
October 28, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors for the
issuance and sale of shares of common stock, par value per share or pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common
stock and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock, with an exercise price of per share (the November
2021 Private Placement ). The warrants were exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a term of exercise equal to five years
from the date of issuance. The combined purchase price for one share of common stock (or pre-funded warrant) and one associated warrant
was . 

As
partial compensation for Wainwright s services as underwriter in the Second August 2021 Purchase Agreement, the Company issued
to Wainwright s designees warrants to purchase shares of common stock. The warrants have a term of five years from the
commencement of sales under the offering, an exercise price of per share. 

In
connection with the private placement consummated in July 2022 (the July 2022 Private Placement ), on July 7, 2022, the
Company entered into warrant amendment agreements (the Warrant Amendment Agreements with each of the nine existing participating
investors, which amended warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock (prior to amendment, the Original Warrants ).
The Original Warrants had exercise price that ranged from to per share and expiration dates that ranged from July 22, 2026
to November 1, 2026. The Warrant Amendment Agreements reduced the exercise price of the Original Warrants to per share and extended
the expiration date to January 7, 2028, the date that is five and one-half years following the closing of the July 2022 Private Placement.
The Company calculated an incremental fair value of by calculating the excess, of the fair value of the modified over the fair value
of that instrument immediately before it is modified. This increase in fair value was recorded in additional paid in capital. 

In
connection with the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, the Company (i) issued five year warrants to purchase up to
an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share, which expire on , and (ii)
amended certain warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock such that the exercise price was reduced
from per share to per share, and the expiration date of the warrant was extended from January 26, 2026 to October 27,
2027, which resulted in a fair value adjustment of .
These warrants were recorded as additional debt discount which will be amortized over the term of the 2022 Jackson Note using the
effective interest method. 

Issued 

Exercised 

Expired
 or cancelled 

Outstanding
 at January 1, 2022 

Issued 

Exercised 

Expired
 or cancelled 

Outstanding
 at December 31, 2022 

- 

Incentive
Plans 

2014
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
January 28, 2014, our Board adopted the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan .) Under the 2014 Plan, we may grant
options to employees, directors, senior management of the Company and, under certain circumstances, consultants. The purpose of the
2014 Plan is to retain the services of the group of persons eligible to receive option awards, to secure and retain the services of
new members of this group and to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and its
affiliates. A maximum of shares of common stock has been reserved for issuance under this plan. The 2014 Plan expires on
 . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had issued options and shares of common stock pursuant
to the 2015 Plan and therefore there are no remaining shares eligible to be issued under the 2014 Plan. 

2015
Omnibus Incentive Plan 

On
September 23, 2015, our Board adopted the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan .) This plan has not been approved
by our stockholders. Under the 2015 Plan, we may grant a variety of equity instruments to employees, directors, senior management of
the Company and, under certain circumstances, consultants. The purpose of the 2015 Plan is to retain the services of the group of persons
eligible to receive option awards, to secure and retain the services of new members of this group and to provide incentives for such
persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and its affiliates. 

The
2015 Plan provides for an aggregate of shares of common stock to be available for awards under the 2015 Plan Awards .)
The number of shares available for grant pursuant to Awards under the 2015 Plan is referred to as the Available Shares. 
If an Award is forfeited, canceled, or if any Option terminates, expires or lapses without being exercised, the common stock subject
to such Award will again be made available for future grant. However, shares that are used to pay the exercise price of an Option or
that are withheld to satisfy the Participant s tax withholding obligation will not be available for re-grant under the 2015 Plan. 

The
Plan will have a term of ten years and no further Awards may be granted under the 2015 Plan after that date. As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had issued in options and shares of common stock and had unissued securities remaining under this plan. 

2016
Omnibus Incentive Plan 

On
October 25, 2016, our Board adopted the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan to, among other things, attract and
retain the best available personnel, to provide additional incentive to employees, directors and consultants and to promote the success
of the Company s business. The 2016 Plan s terms and conditions are similar to that of the 2015 Plan. On January 26, 2017,
our stockholders approved the 2016 Plan, pursuant to which shares of the Company s common stock will be reserved for issuance
under stock, restricted stock and stock option awards. On May 30, 2018, our stockholders approved an amendment to the 2016 Plan to increase
the total number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2016 Plan to shares of the Company s common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had issued shares and options to purchase shares of common stock pursuant to the 2016 Plan, leaving shares
remaining under the 2016 Plan. 

A
summary of option activity during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 of the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, 2015 Omnibus
Incentive Plan and the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan is presented below: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired or cancelled 

Outstanding at January 1, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired or cancelled 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

During
Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, the Company recorded total share-based payment expense of and , respectively, in connection with
all options outstanding. 

The
total compensation cost related to options not yet amortized is at Fiscal 2022. The Company will recognize this charge over approximately
 years. 

2019
Long-Term Incentive Plan 

In
January 2019, the Company s Board approved the 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2019 LTIP ). 

The
Board granted units to adequately motivate the participants and drive performance for the period. 

Units
vest upon the following: 

upon the employee being in good standing on December 31, 2020; and, 

upon the average share price of the Company s common stock during the 90-day period leading up to December 31, 2020, based
 upon the following Vesting Rate table: 

per share 

> 
 per share 

>= 
 per share 

On
January 8, 2021, the Company issued shares to the remaining 50 of eligible employees in good standing on December 31, 2020. The
remaining shares available in this plan expired. The Company has recognized expense of and related to the 2019 LTIP in Fiscal
2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively. 

2020
Omnibus Incentive Plan 

On
June 30, 2020, the Board approved the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan pursuant to which we may grant equity
incentive awards to key employees, key contractors, and non-employee directors of the Company. The 2020 Plan provides for the granting
of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance
awards, dividend equivalent rights, and other awards, which may be granted singly or in combination, and that may be paid in cash, shares
of our common stock, or a combination of cash and common stock. A total of shares of common stock were reserved for grant under
the 2020 Plan, plus any awards reserved under the Company s prior equity incentive plans, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances
to prevent dilution or enlargement. On September 29, 2020, our stockholders approved the 2020 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, we had issued
 shares and options to purchase shares of common stock pursuant to the 2020 Plan, therefore leaving shares remaining under the
2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan will terminate on June 30, 2030. 

2021
Omnibus Incentive Plan 

On
October 14, 2021, the Company held its 2021 virtual annual meeting of stockholders. At the annual meeting, the Company s stockholders
approved the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, pursuant to which the Company may grant equity incentive awards to key employees, key contractors,
and non-employee directors of the Company. The Plan provides for the granting of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options,
stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalent rights, and other awards,
which may be granted singly or in combination, and that may be paid in cash, shares of the Company s common stock, or a combination
of cash and common stock. A total of shares of common stock are reserved for grant under the Plan subject to adjustment in certain
circumstances to prevent dilution or enlargement. The Plan had been previously approved by the Company s board of directors on
August 17, 2021, subject to stockholder approval, and will terminate on August 17, 2031. 

On
December 27, 2021, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders. At the special meeting, the Company s stockholders approved
an amendment to the Company s 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares of common stock available for issuance
pursuant to awards under the 2021 Plan by an additional shares, to a total of shares of our common stock. As
of December 31, 2022, we had issued shares and options to purchase shares of common stock pursuant to the 2021 Plan, therefore
leaving shares remaining under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan will terminate on June 30, 2031. 

per annum, less statutory deductions, plus other benefits including reimbursement for reasonable
expenses, paid vacation and insurance coverage for his roles with both the Company and our U.K. subsidiary. Under the Flood Employment
Agreement, Mr. Flood s salary is required to be adjusted (but not decreased) annually in connection with the CPI Adjustment (as
defined in the Flood Employment Agreement.) Mr. Flood is also entitled to an annual bonus of up to of his annual base salary based
reaching certain financial milestones. Additionally, Mr. Flood was entitled to a gross profit appreciation participation, which entitled
the participants to of Initio s Excess Gross Profit, which is defined as the increase in Initio gross profits
in excess of of the base year s gross profit, up to . Mr. Flood s participating level was . On May 29, 2015,
the Gross Profit Appreciation Bonus associated with this employment agreement was converted into shares of Series A Preferred
Stock. On January 8, 2021, all of Mr. Flood s shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into shares of our common
stock. 

The
Flood Employment Agreement had an initial term of five years and automatically renews thereafter unless 12 months written notice
is provided by either party. It also includes customary non-compete/solicitation language for a period of 12 months after termination
of employment, and in the event of a change in control, we may request that Mr. Flood continue employment with the new control entity.
In December 2017, upon the reorganization of the Company and departure of Mr. Briand, Mr. Flood s title was changed to Chairman
and he assumed the roles of Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company. On January 1, 2018, the Company increased his salary
by the CPI Adjustment. On January 1, 2019, and on January 1, 2020, Mr. Flood was eligible for a CPI salary adjustment and chose to waive
this adjustment. Effective January 1, 2020, Mr. Flood s salary changed to and bonus changed to up to of his annual base
salary. All other terms of the Flood Employment Agreement remained unchanged. 

The
Barker Employment Agreement 

The
Company entered into an employment agreement with Alicia Barker that appointed her as our Chief Operating Officer effective July 1, 2018
(the Barker Employment Agreement ). Ms. Barker also serves as a member of our Board and receives stock compensation for
her service as a member of the Board. 

Under
the terms of the Barker Employment Agreement, Ms. Barker currently receives an annual base salary of and is entitled to receive
an annual performance bonus of up to of her base salary based on the achievement of certain performance metrics. Ms. Barker s
base salary is required to be reviewed by the Board on an annual basis and may be increased, but not decreased, in its sole discretion.
Ms. Barker is also entitled to reimbursement of certain out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with her services to the Company
and to participate in the benefit plans generally made available to other executives of the Company. Effective January 1, 2021, Ms. Barker s
salary changed to . 

In
the event Ms. Barker is terminated without cause or for good reason (as such terms are defined in the Barker Employment Agreement), Ms.
Barker is entitled to receive (subject to certain requirements, including signing a general release of claims): (i) any earned but unpaid
base salary and vacation time, as well as unreimbursed expenses, through her termination date; (ii) severance pay in an amount equal
to months base salary; and (iii) any earned but unpaid performance bonus. In the event Ms. Barker is terminated for cause or
without good reason, she is only entitled to receive any earned but unpaid base salary and vacation time, as well as unreimbursed expenses,
through her termination date. 

The
Barker Employment Agreement also contains customary confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-disparagement clauses. 

Earn-out
Liabilities 

Pursuant
to the acquisition of KRI on August 27, 2018, the purchase price includes earnout consideration payable to the seller of each
on August 27, 2019, and August 27, 2020. The payment of the earnout consideration was contingent on KRI s achievement of certain
trailing gross profit amounts. On September 11, 2019, the Company entered into an amended agreement with the seller to delay the payment
of the first year earnout of until no later than February 27, 2020. For each full calendar month beyond August 27, 2019, that
such payment is delayed, the Company is required pay the seller interest in the amount of with the first such payment of interest
due on September 30, 2019. In addition, the amended agreement was further amended to change the due date for the second year earnout
payment of from August 27, 2020, to February 27, 2020. The seller of KRI, Pamela D. Whitaker Whitaker has filed
a lawsuit against the Company asserting claims for breach of contract and declaratory judgment against the Company due under a share
purchase agreement and is seeking in alleged damages. While the Company had recognized the liability for the earnout consideration
of due to Whitaker, within current liabilities as of January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, in February 2020, the Company filed
an action against Whitaker for breach of contract which more than offsets the earnout consideration recognized. The Company paid interest
of during the period ended September 26, 2020. Refer to legal proceedings below for action filed against Whitaker, the former owner
of KRI. 

Pursuant
to the Headway acquisition that closed on May 18, 2022, the purchase price includes an earnout payment totaling up to of
earn out provision. Upon the attainment of certain trailing twelve month TTM EBITDA achievements the Company will pay
to the Headway seller a contingent payment in accordance with the following: 

The
Company performed an analysis over the contingent payment and prepared a forecast to determine the likelihood of the Adjusted EBITDA
payout. The adjusted EBITDA TTM forecast, as of April 2023, is above the threshold amount, such that the was
recorded as consideration. The estimated value calculated in the forecast is preliminary and subject to change. A payment of was
made on May 18, 2022, the date of the Headway closing. In addition, related to a retention bonus of certain Headway employees
was recorded as other current liabilities. The balance at December 31, 2022 is . 

Lease
Obligations 

The
Company is party to multiple lease agreements for office space. The agreements require monthly rental payments through September
2029. Total minimum obligations are approximately ,
 ,
 ,
 ,
 
and 
for the years ending fiscal 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027 and beyond, respectively. For Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, rent expense
amounted to 
and ,
respectively. 

Legal
Proceedings 

Whitaker
v. Monroe Staffing Services, LLC Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. 

On
December 5, 2019, former owner of Key Resources, Inc. KRI ), Pamela D. Whitaker Whitaker or Plaintiff ),
filed a complaint in Guilford County, North Carolina (the North Carolina Action asserting claims for breach of contract
and declaratory judgment against Monroe Staffing Services LLC Monroe and the Company (collectively, the Defendants arising out of the alleged non-payment of certain earn-out payments and interest purportedly due under a Share Purchase Agreement pursuant
to which Whitaker sold all issued and outstanding shares in her staffing agency, KRI, to Monroe in August 2018. Whitaker sought 
in alleged damages. 

Defendants
removed the action to the Middle District of North Carolina on January 7, 2020, and Plaintiff moved to remand on February 4, 2020. Briefing
on the motion to remand concluded on February 24, 2020. Separately, Defendants moved to dismiss the action on January 14, 2020, based
on Plaintiff s failure to state a claim, improper venue, and lack of personal jurisdiction as to defendant Staffing 360 Solutions,
Inc. Alternatively, Defendants sought a transfer of the action to the Southern District of New York, based on the plain language of the
Share Purchase Agreement s forum selection clause. Briefing on Defendants motion to dismiss concluded on February 18, 2020.
On February 28, 2020, Plaintiff moved for leave to file an amended complaint. Defendants filed their opposition to the motion for leave
on March 19, 2020. Plaintiff has filed a reply. 

On
June 29, 2020, Magistrate Judge Webster issued a Report and Recommendation on the pending motions, recommending that Defendants 
motion to dismiss be granted with regard to Defendants request to transfer the matter to the Southern District of New York, and
denied in all other regards without prejudice to Defendants raising those arguments again in the new forum. Magistrate Judge Webster
also recommended that Plaintiff s motion to remand be denied and motion to amend be left to the discretion of the Southern District
of New York. 

Plaintiff
filed an objection to the Report and Recommendation on July 9, 2020. Defendants responded on July 23, 2020. On February 19, 2021, the
District Court issued a decision that reversed the Magistrate Judge s Order. The District Court granted Plaintiff s motion
to remand and denied Defendants motion to dismiss as moot. Defendants filed a Notice of Appeal to the Fourth Circuit on February
25, 2021, and filed their opening brief on April 21, 2021. Plaintiff filed her response brief on May 21, 2021, and Defendants replied
on June 11, 2021. Oral argument was held on March 9, 2022. As of the date of this filing, a decision is pending. 

Separately,
on February 26, 2020, the Company and Monroe filed an action against Whitaker in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York (Case No. 1:20-cv-01716) (the New York Action .) The New York Action concerns claims for breach of contract
and fraudulent inducement arising from various misrepresentations made by Whitaker to the Company and Monroe in advance of, and included
in, the share purchase agreement. The Company and Monroe are seeking damages in an amount to be determined at trial but in no event less
than . On April 28, 2020, Whitaker filed a motion to dismiss the New York Action on both procedural and substantive grounds. On
June 11, 2020, Monroe and the Company filed their opposition to Whitaker s motion to dismiss. On July 9, 2020, Whitaker filed reply
papers in further support of the motion. 

On
October 13, 2020, the Court denied Whitaker s motion to dismiss, in part, and granted the motion, in part. The Court rejected Whitaker s
procedural arguments but granted the motion on substantive grounds. However, the Court ordered that Monroe and the Company may seek leave
to amend the complaint by letter application by December 1, 2020. Monroe and the Company filed a letter of motion for leave to amend
and a proposed Amended Complaint on December 1, 2020. On January 5, 2021, Whitaker filed an opposition to the letter motion. On January
25, 2021, Monroe and the Company filed a reply in further support of the letter motion. On March 9, 2021, the Court granted Monroe and
the Company s motion for leave to amend, in part, and denied the motion, in part. The Court rejected Monroe and the Company s
claim for fraudulent inducement but granted the motion for leave to amend their breach of contract claim. Monroe and the Company filed
their amended complaint on March 12, 2021. On April 9, 2021, Whitaker renewed her motion to dismiss on procedural grounds, requesting
dismissal of the action or, in the alternative, a stay of the proceeding pending adjudication on the merits of the North Carolina Action.
On May 14, 2021, Monroe and the Company filed an opposition to the motion to dismiss. On June 21, 2021, Whitaker filed a reply in further
support of the motion. The Court referred the case to Magistrate Judge Moses, who held oral argument on the motion on November 9, 2021. 

On
April 9, 2021, Whitaker renewed her motion to dismiss on procedural grounds, requesting dismissal of the action or, in the alternative,
a stay of the proceeding pending adjudication on the merits of the North Carolina Action. On May 14, 2021, Monroe and the Company filed
an opposition to the motion to dismiss. On June 21, 2021, Whitaker filed a reply in further support of the motion. The Court referred
the case to Magistrate Judge Barbara Moses, who held oral argument on the motion on November 9, 2021. On March 8, 2022, Magistrate Judge
Moses stayed the action pending a decision by the Fourth Circuit on the appeal filed by Monroe and the Company in the North Carolina
Action. 

In
light of the Fourth Circuit s issuance of its July 22, 2022, decision and order transferring the North Carolina Action to the Southern
District of New York, on August 1, 2022, the parties to the New York Action wrote to the Magistrate overseeing the matter to request
a conference to address, inter alia, the resumption of discovery in light of the Fourth Circuit s Order issued on July 22, 2022.
On August 3, 2022, Magistrate Judge Moses lifted the stay previously imposed in the matter and ordered the parties to appear at a teleconference
held on August 16, 2022. At the teleconference, the parties agreed that the North Carolina Action would be dismissed following its transfer
to the Southern District of New York without prejudice to Whitaker s right to assert the same causes of action, based on substantially
similar allegations, as counterclaims in the New York Action and that Whitaker would have until September 30, 2022, to do so. The Court
ordered the parties to submit a stipulation to this effect by August 23, 2022. Per the Court s Order, on August 22, 2022, the parties
filed a stipulation and proposed order whereby the parties agreed that Whitaker would voluntarily dismiss the North Carolina Action,
and would reassert the causes of action set forth in the Proposed Amended Complaint filed in the North Carolina Action as counterclaims
in the New York Action; and set forth deadlines for the filing of Whitaker s answer and counterclaims Plaintiffs response
to such counterclaims. The Court so-ordered that stipulation on August 23, 2022. 

On
September 30, 2022, Whitaker filed an answer and counterclaims, including (1) a cause of action for breach of contract, which was substantially
similar to Whitaker s breach of contract in the North Carolina Action (the Breach of Contract Counterclaim ), and
(2) a cause of action under New York and North Carolina consumer protection statutes, asserting that that Plaintiffs exhibited a pattern
and practice in the purchase of businesses similar to KRI by which they allegedly, endeavor[ ] to acquire the purchased company
at a discount of the agreed-upon purchase price by making an initial down payment, then reneging on payment of deferred compensation
or earnouts and fabricating a pretextual reason for nonpayment at the time the deferred compensation or earnouts become due (the
Consumer Protection Counterclaim ). For the Consumer Protection Counterclaim, Defendant seeks to recover the full amount of the
Earnout Payments 4,054,396) the very same damages sought by Defendant s Contract Counterclaim as well as trebled
damages pursuant to the North Carolina statute, and interest. 

On
October 12, 2022, the parties filed a joint pre-conference statement pursuant to the court s August 24, 2022, order scheduling
an initial case management conference. Pursuant to that order, on October 19, 2022, the Court held an initial case management conference.
Later that day, the Court issued an initial case management order which set forth relevant deadlines, including the close of fact discovery
on April 21, 2023, and the close of all discovery (including expert discovery) on July 19, 2023. 

On
November 11, 2022, Plaintiffs moved to dismiss the Consumer Protection Counterclaim. Briefing on Plaintiffs motion was completed
on December 22, 2022. The motion to dismiss remains pending. Monroe and the Company intend to pursue their claims vigorously. 

Monroe
and the Company intend to pursue their claims vigorously. 

As
of the date of this filing, we are not aware of any other material legal proceedings to which we or any of our subsidiaries is a party
or to which any of our property is subject, other than as disclosed above. 

Professional
 Staffing - US 

Professional
 Staffing - UK 

Total
 Revenue 

Commercial
 Staffing - US 

Professional
 Staffing - US 

Professional
 Staffing - UK 

Total
 Gross Profit 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Impairment
 of goodwill 

Interest
 expense and amortization of debt discount and deferred financing costs 

Re-measurement
 gain (loss) on intercompany note 
 - 

Gain on business sale 
 - 
 - 
 
 PPP
 forgiveness gain 
 - 

Other
 (loss) income, net 

(Loss)
 Income Before Provision for Income Tax 

For
Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, the Company generated revenue in the U.S. and the U.K. as follows: 

December
 31, 2022 
 January
 1, 2022 
 
 United States 

United Kingdom 

Total Revenue 

For
the period ended Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, the Company has assets in the U.S. and the U.K. as follows: 

December
 31, 2022 
 January
 1, 2022 
 
 United States 

United Kingdom 

Total Assets 

Total
assets by segment is not presented as it is not reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker in his evaluation of how to allocate capital
and resources. 

For
the period ended Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, the Company has goodwill in the U.S. and the U.K. as follows: 

December
 31, 2022 
 January
 1, 2022 
 
 United States 

United Kingdom 
 - 

Total Goodwill 

Jeff Grout 

Nick Florio 

Vincent Cebula 

Alicia Barker 
 - 

Brendan Flood 
 - 

Year
 Ended January 1, 2022 

Cash
 Compensation 
 Shares
 Issued 
 Value
 of Shares Issued 
 Compensation
 Expense Recognized 
 
 Dimitri Villard 

Jeff Grout 

Nick Florio 

Vincent Cebula 

Alicia Barker 
 - 

Appointment
of Directors and Officers 

On
July 29, 2021, the Board of the Company appointed Vincent Cebula to the Board as a Class I director, to fill a vacancy as a result of
the increase in the size of the Board from five to six persons. 

On November 4, 2022, the Board of the Company appointed Mr. Joe Yelenic, Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance,
as the principal financial officer of the Company and Mr. Nick Koutsivitis, Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, as the principal
accounting officer of the Company, effective as of the same date. 

Income taxes 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing
 Activities: 

Deferred purchase price
 of UK factoring facility 

Redeemable Series H preferred
 stock, net 

Debt discount Series H preferred stock 

Debt discount Related party note 

Earnout liability 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets 

Warrant modification 

Deemed dividend 

Acquisition of Right of
 Use Assets 

Conversion of Series E
 Preferred Stock Related Party 

Conversion of Series E-1
 Preferred Stock Related Party 

Conversion of Series G
 Preferred Stock Related Party to debt 

Conversion of Series G-1
 Preferred Stock Related Party to debt 

Foreign 

Loss before provision
 for income taxes 

Foreign 

Total current tax expense 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Total deferred tax expense 

Total tax benefit 

State taxes, net 

- 
 
 Foreign operations 
 
 - 

UK goodwill impairment 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Permanent differences 
 
 - 

PPP Loan 
 - 

- 
 
 True-up adjustments 

Change in valuation allowance 
 
 - 

Other 

Total Tax Benefit for
 Income Taxes 

- 

The
Company s effective tax rate differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to mix of pre-tax income (loss)
results by jurisdictions taxed at different rates than ,
state taxes net of federal benefit, permanent differences, deferred tax balance adjustments that includes but is not limited to UK
tax rate changes, UK goodwill impairment and changes in valuation allowance in the U.S. 

Deferred
income taxes are provided for the tax effect of temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of assets
and liabilities. Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and (liabilities) are as follows: 

Tax credit, deduction and
 capital loss carryforward 

Share-based compensation 

Debt issuance costs 
 - 

Accrued expenses and other
 liabilities 

Interest limitation and
 carryforward 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less:
 valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets,
 net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Deprecation 

Basis differences in acquired
 intangibles 

Debt issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 Operating
 lease - Right-of-use assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

During
Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, the Company has federal net operating losses NOLs of 
and .
Of the 
in federal NOL carryforwards, 
will begin to expire in 
and 
can be carried forward indefinitely, subject to an 80 taxable income limitation in the year of utilization. As of November 15,
2018, the Company had a change in ownership under Section 382. As such, the Company reduced the Federal NOLs available by .
In 2021, the Company had two additional changes in ownership on February 12, 2021 and November 1, 2021, the Company had a change in
ownership under Section 382 which limits the amount of useable NOLs going forward. As per the Section 382 analysis, the
Company s Federal NOL available as of January 1, 2022, will not be subject to limitation. On May 17, 2022, the Company
acquired of Headway Workforce Solutions Inc. and Subsidiaries via a stock sale. Headway Workforce Solutions Inc. and
Subsidiaries NOLs will be subject to a Section 382 limitation due to an ownership change. The Company has not identified
subsequent 382 Limitations as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the Company has state operating
losses of 
and that
begin to expire in ,
and foreign NOLs totaling 
and 
with an indefinite life. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the Company also has capital loss carryforward of 
and ,
respectively, which, if unused, will begin to expire in 
and a general business credit carryforward of 
and , respectively. 

Effective
for the year ended December 28, 2018, the Tax Act resulted in a new limitation on interest expense under IRC Section 163(j). New IRC
Section 163(j) limits the Company s annual deduction of interest expense to the sum of business interest income and 30 percent
of the adjusted taxable income of the Company. . Beginning on January 1, 2022
depreciation and amortization expense will no longer be allowed as an addback to adjusted taxable income. The limitation for the
year ended December 31, 2022 resulted in disallowed interest of ,
which can be carried forward indefinitely. 

The
Company has not recorded deferred taxes or withholding taxes for any undistributed foreign earnings, nor have any taxes been provided
for the outside basis difference inherent in these entities as the Company s assertion is to indefinitely reinvest in foreign operations.
It is not practicable to estimate any taxes to be provided on outside basis differences at this time. Based on the amount of foreign
undistributed earnings through December 31, 2022, we believe any such tax liability would be insignificant to the financial statements. 

In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all
of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future
taxable income in those periods in which temporary differences become deductible and/or net operating loss carryforwards can be utilized.
We consider the level of historical taxable income, scheduled reversal of temporary differences, tax planning strategies, and projected
future taxable income in determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted. 

During
Fiscal 2022, the Company maintained a valuation allowance against its U.S. and U.K. deferred tax assets. The Company s
valuation allowance increased by 
during Fiscal 2022 primarily attributable to the the acquisition of Headway which increased the valuation allowance by 
and the remainder due to Section 163(j) interest limitation and federal and state net operating
losses. 

During
Fiscal 2022, we maintained our federal and state tax attributes for unrecognized tax benefits related primarily to the treatment of
stock compensation and stock options. If recognized, 
of the unrecognized tax benefits are likely to offset to a corresponding full valuation allowance provided for the reduction of
federal NOLs, thereby there is no impact to the effective rate. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized
tax benefits is as follows: 

Additions for tax positions of prior years 

Reductions for tax positions
 of prior years 

Loss before provision
 for income taxes 

It
is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized tax benefits with respect to our unrecognized tax positions will increase
or decrease in the next 12 months. However, quantification
of an estimated range cannot be made at this time. The Company has accrued zero interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and
January 1, 2022. 

The
Company files its tax returns in the U.S., United Kingdom and certain state and local tax jurisdictions with various
statutes of limitations. The Company has no tax years subject to audit by certain jurisdictions at this time. To the extent utilized
in future years tax returns, all NOLs carryforwards will remain
subject to examination until the respective tax year is closed. 

units, each Unit consisting of one share of the Company s common stock,
par value per share, and one warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock, and (ii) pre-funded units, each Pre-Funded
Unit consisting of one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock and one Warrant. The public offering price was 
per Unit and per Pre-Funded Unit. The Offering closed on February 10, 2023. 

. 

In
connection with the Offering, the Investor entered into a warrant amendment agreement with the Company to amend the exercise price of
certain existing warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of Common Stock that were previously issued to the Investor,
with an exercise price of per share and an expiration date of January 7, 2028. Pursuant to the Warrant Amendment Agreement, the
amended warrants have a reduced exercise price of per share following the closing of the Offering. 

The
Company intends to utilize the net proceeds from the Offering for general working capital purposes. 

H.C.
Wainwright Co., LLC acted as the Company s exclusive placement agent in connection with the Offering, pursuant to that certain
engagement letter, dated as of January 4, 2023, as amended, between the Company and Wainwright. Pursuant to the engagement letter, the
Company paid Wainwright (i) a cash fee equal to of the aggregate gross proceeds of the Offering, (ii) a management fee of of
the aggregate gross proceeds of the Offering, and reimbursed certain expenses and legal fees. In addition, the Company issued to Wainwright
or its designees, warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price equal to per share. The Placement
Agent Warrants are exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a term of exercise equal to five years from the date of the Purchase
Agreement. 

The
Units, the Pre-Funded Units, the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants, the Warrant Shares, the Placement Agent Warrants and
the Placement Agent Warrant Shares were offered by the Company pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No.
333-269308), initially filed on January 20, 2023 with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and declared effective on February 7, 2023. 

F- 54 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

As
required by Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), under the supervision and with
the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness
of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms, and that information is accumulated and
communicated to management, including the principal executive and financial officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosures. During the preparation of our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, we and our auditors identified
a material weakness (as such term is defined below) in our internal control over financial reporting related to the lack of a sufficient
complement of competent finance personnel to appropriately account for, review and disclose the completeness and accuracy of transactions
entered into by the Company. Our management has also identified a material weakness in our internal control over our goodwill assessment
relating to the lack of a sufficient process for determining the valuation of goodwill assets. 

Our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures as of the
end of the period covered by this Annual Report Evaluation Date ), pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based
on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure
controls and procedures were ineffective, due to the material weakness in our control environment and financial reporting process discussed
above. 

Notwithstanding
the existence of the material weakness, described below, management believes that the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report on Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, the Company s financial condition as of the Evaluation Date, and
results of its operations and cash flows for the Evaluation Date, in conformity with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP .) 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.
Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and includes those policies and procedures that: 

a) 
 pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
 assets of the Company; 

b) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance
 with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

c) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Based
on our evaluation under the framework described above, our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting are
not effective in accordance with Item 308(a)(3) of Regulation S-K and we had material weakness in our control environment and financial
reporting process consisting of the following as of the Evaluation Date. 

We
lack a sufficient complement of competent finance personnel to appropriately account for, review, and disclose the completeness and accuracy
of transactions entered into by the Company. 

38 

A
 material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. During the preparation of our financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2022, we and our auditors identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting.
Specifically: (1) The Company s management determined that the Company did not, as of December 31, 2022, design and maintain effective
internal controls over financial reporting. We lack a sufficient complement of competent finance personnel to appropriately account for,
review and disclose the completeness and accuracy of transactions entered into by the Company; and (2) We have ineffective design and
operating effectiveness over forecasts used in our annual goodwill impairment evaluation. The Company s accounting for the potential
impairment of goodwill requires the Company to record an impairment charge if the carrying amount of the reporting unit is in excess
of the fair value. The Company provided for audit a discounted cash flow analysis to support its assessment of indicators of impairment
of goodwill which included assumptions for revenue growth and expected gross margins that were inconsistent with the historical experience
of the Company and could not be further supported with underlying evidence to support the Company s projections. As a result of
the audit the Company revised its projections and used historical evidence pertaining to the base revenue amount, growth rates, and gross
margins. The Company determined that the fair value of the reporting unit was less than the carrying value and recorded an impairment
charge of approximately 10 million. If this adjustment was not identified by our auditors, we believe that this adjustment would not
have been detected. As a result, the Company concluded that this deficiency in our internal controls over financial reporting would give
rise to the level of a material weakness. 

We
have taken steps to implement our remediation plan, which have included the hiring of additional employees and external consultants who
have the technical skillset to improve our financial reporting; implementing new policies, procedures and controls, particularly in our
payroll, treasury and accounts payable processes; properly reviewing transactions recorded and classified in the financial statements;
and ensuring proper accounting and related disclosures for complex accounting matters when necessary both in the United States and United
Kingdom. Although our remediation plan is not complete, we believe the steps taken thus far have decreased risk across the business as
it pertains to the accuracy of our financial results. 

39 

A
system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system of
controls are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
within a company have been detected. Based on our evaluation under the framework described above, aside from the material weaknesses
discussed above, our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective in accordance with Item
308(a)(3) of Regulation S-K. 

Attestation
report of the registered public accounting firm 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other
than the material weakness identifies above, there has been no change in our system of internal control over financial reporting during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM
9C: DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

40 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Board
Composition 

Our
Board consists of six directors as follows: 

Class
I: Dimitri Villard, Nicholas Florio and Vincent Cebula; 

Class
II: Jeff Grout and Alicia Barker; and 

Non-Classified:
Brendan Flood. 

Under
our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, the Board is divided into Class I and Class II directors, and any directors
not classified are non-classified directors. Each Class I director seat is up for election at the annual meeting of stockholders occurring
in calendar year 2021 and every two years thereafter, each Class II director seat is up for election at the annual meeting of stockholders
occurring in calendar year 2020 and every two years thereafter, and any non-classified directors are up for election at every annual
meeting of stockholders and, in each case, until his or her successor shall be elected and qualified, unless sooner displaced. Our shareholders
approved the appointment of our two Class II and one non-classified director at our annual shareholder meeting on December 30, 2022. 

Executive
Officers and Directors 

The
name, age and position of our executive officers and directors are set forth below. 

Name
 and Address 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 
 
 Brendan
 Flood 
 
 58 
 
 Chairman,
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 Joe
 Yelenic 
 
 61 
 
 Senior
 Vice President, Corporate Finance (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Nick
 Koutsivitis 
 
 48 
 
 Senior
 Vice President, Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Alicia
 Barker 
 
 53 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and Director 
 
 Dimitri
 Villard 
 
 80 
 
 Director 
 
 Jeff
 Grout 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Nicholas
 Florio 
 
 59 
 
 Director 
 
 Vincent
 Cebula 
 
 59 
 
 Director 

Brendan
Flood , Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director . Mr. Flood has been the Chairman or Executive Chairman
and a Director of the Company since January 7, 2014. He assumed the role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer CEO on December 19, 2017 and has been in the staffing industry for over 20 years. Mr. Flood joined the Company upon the sale to us of
his business, Initio International Holdings Limited Initio ), on January 3, 2014, where he was the chairman and chief
executive officer. He had previously acquired Initio as part of a management buy-out, which he led, in January 2010. Prior to
Initio, Mr. Flood worked in several staffing companies, including Hudson Global Resources Inc. Hudson Global
Resources ), which he brought to the Nasdaq National Market on April 1, 2003 as a spin-off from Monsterworldwide Inc. Monsterworldwide ). His experience while at Monsterworldwide included numerous M A transactions, operational
management in both London and New York, and various senior financial roles. Mr. Flood graduated from Dublin City University in
Ireland with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Accounting and Finance. Mr. Flood s strong financial background and years of
experience at major staffing firms like Monsterworldwide and Hudson Global Resources qualifies him to be the President and Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors given our core business in the staffing industry. Mr. Flood has served as Chairman of the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee since its inception in October 2021. 

41 

Joe
Yelenic, Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance. Mr. Yelenic joined us as a result of the acquisition of Headway on May 18, 2022. During his 18 years with Headway, he served in senior financial roles, including Director
of Internal Audit and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Yelenic was instrumental in overseeing Headway s growth in revenues during this
time. Mr. Yelenic assumed the role of President, Chief Operating Officer for Headway in January 2019. As a licensed CPA with over thirty-eight
years of financial management experience, primarily in HR outsourcing and temporary staffing industries, Mr. Yelenic provides strategic
financial and operational leadership in his role involving financial planning and analysis for the Company. His experience includes several
M A transactions beginning with the buyout of SPEC Group Holdings in 1994, where he helped facilitate six years of accelerated growth
before its acquisition by TMP Worldwide. Mr. Yelenic graduated from Duquesne University in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania with a Bachelor of
Science degree in accounting. Mr. Yelenic has served as the Company s Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance since May 2022. 

Nick
Koutsivitis, Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller . Mr. Koutsivitis brings to us more than 20 years of experience in accounting
and leadership roles. From 2014 to 2017, he was our Corporate Controller. From 2017 to 2019, he was the CFO of a privately owned staffing
company before returning to us in 2020. Mr. Koutsivitis has served as our Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller since 2020. 

Alicia
Barker , Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and Director . Alicia Barker has served as a director on the Board
since April 2018 and as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since July 2018. Ms. Barker brings over two decades of extensive
human resources, communication and operational expertise to her role. From July 2016 to July 2018, she served as principal and owner
of Act II Consulting, providing human resources consulting and professional coaching services to individuals and corporations. From May
2014 to May 2016, Ms. Barker served as senior vice president, Human Resources at Barker, a full-service advertising agency where she
led talent procurement and executive development. She also previously served on the executive team as vice president, Human Resources
at Hudson North America, a global talent solutions company, as vice president, Human Resources, at Grey Group, a global advertising and
marketing agency, and before that, as Human Resources Director at Icon/Nicholson, which designs, develops, and produces prepackaged computer
software. Over the past several years, Ms. Barker has held positions on not-for-profit boards in her local community. Ms. Barker was
also solicited to be the Campaign Manager for the Mayoral Campaign in the town of Westfield, New Jersey during the 2018 election. Ms.
Barker s educational background includes a major in Communications, a SHRM-CP Certification in HR and a Professional Coaching Certification.
Ms. Barker s extensive human resources expertise qualifies her to be a director on the Board. Ms. Barker has served on the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee since its inception in October 2021. 

Dimitri
Villard , Director . Dimitri Villard has been a director on the Board since July 2012. Mr. Villard was chairman and
chief executive officer of Peer Media Technologies, Inc., a public company Internet technology business, from February 2009 to
December 2012. Peer Media Technologies, Inc. changed its name from ARTISTdirect, Inc. in May 2010. Prior to that, Mr. Villard served
as interim chief executive officer from March 6, 2008 and as a director from January 2005 until 2012. Mr. Villard has also served as
president and a director of Pivotal BioSciences, Inc., a biotechnology company, from September 1998 to August 2018. In addition,
since January 1982, he has served as president and director of Byzantine Productions, Inc. Previously, Mr. Villard was a director at
the investment banking firm, SG Cowen and affiliated entities, a position held from January 1997 to July 1999. From 2004 to 2008,
Mr. Villard served as chairman of the board of directors of Dax Solutions, Inc., an entertainment industry digital asset management
venture, and from July 2012 until September 2013, he was a member of the board of directors of The Grilled Cheese Truck Company, a
public company. He is also a member of the executive committee of the Los Angeles chapter of the Tech Coast Angels, a private
venture capital group. Mr. Villard received a Bachelor of Arts from Harvard University and a Master of Science degree from China
International Medical University. He serves on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Compensation and Human
Resources Committee and the Audit Committee and, since August 2022, as Lead Director. Mr. Villard s experience as an officer and/or director of several public
companies, as well as an investment banker, qualifies him to be a director on the Board. 

42 

Jeff
Grout , Director . Jeff Grout has been a director on the Board since February 2014. He is a successful business speaker,
consultant and coach. From 1980 to 2001, he served as U.K. managing director of Robert Half International, a leading international
recruitment consultancy, and business manager to Sir Clive Woodward, head coach of the England Rugby Team. From 2001, Mr. Grout has
been an independent business consultant specializing in leadership, people management, team building, peak performance, recruitment
and retention issues. He has spoken at Henley Business School, Ashridge Management College, Cardiff Business School and the Danish
Centre for Leadership, and his clients include Amazon, Deloitte, LinkedIn, British Airways, Barclays, Ernst Young and Virgin.
He holds several corporate advisory and executive coaching appointments and is also a successful business author. Mr. Grout has
written books on leadership, recruitment, career success, the psychology of peak performance and his police detective father s
first murder case. His eighth book entitled What You Need to Know about Leadership was published in May 2011. Mr. Grout holds
a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the London School of Economics and Political Science. Mr. Grout brings valuable operational
experience within the staffing industry having grown the U.K. business of Robert Half International from 1 million to 100 million
in sales and from 12 to 365 employees. He also identified and integrated several acquisitions of staffing businesses in the U.K. and
continental Europe. He is the Chairman of our Compensation and Human Resources Committee and serves on the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee, the Audit Committee and the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee. Mr. Grout s extensive staffing industry experience, including his role as former
Managing Director of Robert Half International, qualifies him to be a director on the Board. 

Nicholas
Florio, Director . Nicholas Florio has been a director on the Board since May 2014. Mr. Florio provides business
consulting and financial advice to a variety of closely held private businesses. He is a retired audit and accounting partner for
Citrin Cooperman Company, LLP Citrin Cooperman ). Mr. Florio has been with Citrin Cooperman for over 25 years.
He currently serves as a consultant with Citrin Cooperman. With over 30 years of experience in the staffing and employment arena,
Mr. Florio served as the practice leader of Citrin Cooperman s employment and staffing area. Mr. Florio s experience in
this area included providing advice on corporate structuring; design of stock incentive and deferred compensation plans; merger and
acquisition due diligence and consulting; among general business and tax advice. He was also a member of the board of directors of
both the New York Staffing Association NYSA and New Jersey Staffing Association and was the president of the
Industry Partner Group of NYSA for over 20 years. Prior to his retirement Mr. Florio was also a long-standing member of the Citrin
Cooperman s executive committee. A graduate of Pace University, Mr. Florio is a member of the New York State Society of
Certified Public Accountants as well as the American Institute of CPAs. He is the Chairman of our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee as of August 2022 and serves on the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee and the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee. Mr.
Florio s acute knowledge of financial and accounting matters, with an emphasis in the staffing industry through his role as
audit and accounting partner for Citrin Cooperman, qualifies him to be a director on the Board. 

Vincent
Cebula, Director . Vincent Cebula has been a director on the Board since July 2021. Mr. Cebula has a decades-long and
successful history as an independent director in a number of both public and private companies, operating advisor and investor in
special situations, including 35 years of experience in private equity, investment banking and operational restructurings. From 2013
through 2021, Mr. Cebula was Chief Operating Officer, Co-Founder and Operating Advisor of Solace Capital Partners, L.P. an
alternative asset manager focused on distressed debt and special situation investment opportunities in middle-market companies.
Earlier in his career, he was Managing Director at Oaktree Capital Management, LLC and its predecessor, Trust Company of the West,
and later at Jefferies Capital Partners where he was active in investing on behalf of funds representing more than 4 billion in
combined capital commitments. He began his career as an investment banker at Drexel Burnham Lambert. Mr. Cebula graduated from
Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania summa cum laude earning a B.S. Economics degree with concentrations in Finance and
Decision Science. He currently serves as an Independent Director on the board of Independence Contract Drilling, Inc., a publicly
traded oil field services company, and on the board of another private company. Mr. Cebula is the Chairman of the Audit Committee as
of August 2022 and serves on the Compensation and Human Resources Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee. Mr.
Cebula s extensive skills and experience in business and finance, including corporate governance, capital markets and tax
planning, qualifies him to be a director on the Board. 

Independence
of Directors 

In
determining the independence of our directors, the Board applied the definition of independent director provided under
the listing rules of Nasdaq. Under Nasdaq rules, a director will only qualify as an independent
director if, in the opinion of our Board, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. After considering all relevant facts and circumstances, the Board has determined
that each of Messrs. Villard, Florio, Cebula and Grout are independent within the definition of independence under Nasdaq rules. Our Board has determined that Mr. Flood and Ms. Barker are not independent directors. In making this determination, the Board
considered, among other things, (i) relationships and transactions involving directors or their affiliates or immediate family members
and (ii) other relationships and transactions involving directors or their affiliates or immediate family members that did not rise to
the level of requiring such disclosure, of which there were none. 

43 

Meetings
of the Board of Directors 

The
Board convened 12 times during Fiscal 2022. Each director attended 100 of the total number of meetings of the Board. Directors are encouraged,
but are not required, to attend our annual meeting of stockholders. At the Company s annual meeting of stockholders on December 30, 2022, all directors were in attendance either in person or via conference call. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
Board currently has four standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Compensation
and Human Resources Committee, and the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee, each of which is described below. All standing committees
operate under a charter that has been approved by the Board. Copies of the charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Resources
Committee, Nominating and Governance Committee, and the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee can be found on our Internet site www.staffing360solutions.com . 

Audit
Committee . On April 30, 2014, the Board designated an Audit Committee in accordance with section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act
(the Audit Committee ). The Audit Committee is composed of Messrs. Vincent Cebula (Chairman), Nicholas Florio, Dimitri
Villard, and Jeff Grout. All members of our audit committee are independent as defined in the rules and regulations
of the SEC and Nasdaq, and the Board has determined that Mr. Vincent Cebula is the qualified financial expert (see credentials
listed above). The Audit Committee formally met 9 times during Fiscal 2022. The purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the
Board in its oversight of: (1) the integrity of the Company s financial reporting and systems of internal accounting control,
(2) the independence, qualifications and performance of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, and (3)
the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. 

Our
Audit Committee s primary responsibilities and obligations are to: 

Appoint,
 compensate, retain and oversee the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and
 the auditor regarding financial reporting). In this regard, the Audit Committee shall appoint and retain, subject to approval by
 the Company s stockholders, compensate, evaluate and terminate, when appropriate, the independent auditor, which shall report
 directly to the Audit Committee. 

Pre-approve
 all auditing services and permitted non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be performed for the Company by
 its independent auditor and establish policies and procedures for the engagement of the independent auditor to provide auditing and
 permitted non-audit services. 

Review
 the annual audited financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including the Company s disclosures under
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Also included in such review shall be
 significant issues and judgments regarding accounting and auditing principles and practices, and the effect of regulatory and accounting
 initiatives on the Company s financial statements. The Committee shall recommend to the board whether the financial statements
 should be included in the Form 10-K. 

Review
 and discuss with management and the independent auditor the Company s quarterly financial statements prior to filing the Form
 10-Q, including the results of the independent auditor s review of them and the Company s disclosures under Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Review
 and discuss with management the Company s quarterly earnings announcements and other public announcements regarding the Company s
 results of operations. 

Prepare
 any report required to be prepared by it for inclusion in the Company s proxy statement under SEC rules and regulations. 

Review
 and approve all related party transactions. 

Review
 major changes to the Company s accounting and auditing principles and practices as suggested by management or the independent
 auditor. 

44 

Meet
 periodically with management to review the Company s major financial and business risk exposures and the steps management has
 taken to monitor and control such exposures, including the Company s risk assessment and risk management policies. 

Oversee
 any internal audit functions of the Company. 

Obtain
 and review, at least annually, a report by the independent auditor describing the independent auditor s internal quality-control
 procedures, and any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, or by any inquiry
 or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years, respecting one or more independent
 audits carried out by the independent auditor, and any steps taken to deal with any such issues. 

Consider,
 at least annually, the independence of the independent auditor, and receive from and discuss with the independent auditor the auditor s
 report regarding its independence, setting forth all relationships between the auditor and the Company. The Audit Committee shall
 actively engage in a dialogue with the auditor with respect to any disclosed relationships or services that may impact the objectivity
 and independence of the auditor and for taking, or recommending that the full Board take, appropriate action to oversee the independence
 of the outside auditor. 

Meet
 with the independent auditor prior to the audit to review the scope and planning of the audit. 

Review
 with the independent auditor the results of the annual audit examination, and any issues the auditor may have encountered in the
 course of its audit work and management s response. This review should include, among other things, any management letter,
 any restrictions on the scope of activities or access to required information. 

Discuss
 with management the Company s earnings releases and corporate policies with respect to releases and financial information and
 earnings guidance provided to analysts and rating agencies. 

Receive
 reports from the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and management regarding, and review the adequacy
 and effectiveness of, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting and significant changes in such controls reported
 to the Audit Committee by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm or management. 

Receive
 reports from the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and management regarding, and review the adequacy
 and effectiveness of, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. 

Ensure
 the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible
 for reviewing the audit as required by law. 

Review
 candidates for the positions of chief financial officer and controller of the Company. 

Establish
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting
 controls or auditing matters, and the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting
 or auditing matters. 

Establish
 policies for hiring employees and former employees of the independent auditor. 

Advise
 the Board with respect to the Company s policies and procedures regarding compliance with applicable laws and regulations and
 with the Company s policies for Code of Ethical Conduct. 

Review
 with the Company s counsel and independent registered public accounting firm (1) legal matters that may have a material impact
 on the financial statements, (2) any fraud involving management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s
 internal controls, (3) compliance policies, and (4) any material reports or inquires received from regulators, governmental agencies
 or employees that raise material issues regarding the Company s financial statements and accounting or compliance policies. 

Review
 the Audit Committee Charter annually and recommend any changes for approval by the Board. 

Review
 the Audit Committee s own performance annually. 

Consider
 such other matters in relation to the financial affairs of the Company, its accounts and the independent audit of the Company, as
 the Committee may, in its discretion, determine to be advisable. 

45 

Compensation
and Human Resources Committee . On April 30, 2014, the Board designated a Compensation and Human Resources Committee (the Compensation
and Human Resources Committee ). Our Compensation and Human Resources Committee is composed of Messrs. Jeff Grout (Chairman), Dimitri
Villard, Vincent Cebula and Nicholas Florio. Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee shall be comprised
of at least two (2) independent members of the Board who shall also satisfy such other criteria imposed on members of the
Compensation and Human Resources Committee pursuant to the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq.
With regards to the Compensation and Human Resources Committee, the term independent refers to a member of the Compensation
and Human Resources Committee who (i) meets the definition of independence under the rules and regulations of the SEC and
Nasdaq, (ii) is a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act and (iii) is an outside
director under the regulations promulgated under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Compensation
and Human Resources Committee formally met 13 times during Fiscal 2022. 

Our
Compensation and Human Resources Committee s primary responsibilities and obligations are to: 

Determine,
 in executive session at which none of: (i) the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the CEO (ii) the Executive
 Chairman of the Company, if a person is acting in the capacity of Executive Chairman (the Executive Chairman or (iii)
 the Vice Chairman of the Company (the Vice Chairman are present and voting, the compensation for, respectively, the
 CEO, Executive Chairman and Vice Chairman, in each case with reference to applicable employment or similar agreements and utilizing
 such customary factors that the Compensation and Human Resources Committee deems necessary or appropriate. 

Review
 and determine the compensation of the executive officers of the Company other than the CEO and the Executive Chairman with reference
 to applicable employment or similar agreements and based upon the recommendations of the CEO and Executive Chairman and such other
 customary factors that the Compensation and Human Resources Committee deems necessary or appropriate. 

Recommend
 awards and/or bonuses to be granted to executive officers of the Company under the Company s equity plans and other compensation
 or benefit plans or policies as approved by the Board or the Compensation and Human Resources Committee. 

Approve
 the overall amount or percentage of plan and/or bonus awards to be granted to all Company employees and delegate to the Company s
 executive management the right and power to specifically grant such awards to each Company employee within the aggregate limits and
 parameters set by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee. 

Review
 and evaluate the performance of the other executive officers of the Company. 

Review
 and approve the design of other benefit plans pertaining to executives and employees of the Company. 

Approve
 such reports on compensation as are necessary for filing with the SEC and other government bodies. 

Review,
 recommend to the Board, and administer all plans that require disinterested administration under Rule 16b-3 under the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Approve
 the amendment or modification of any compensation or benefit plan pertaining to executives or employees of the Company that does
 not require stockholder approval. 

Review
 and recommend to the Board the adoption of or changes to the compensation of the Company s independent directors. 

Retain
 outside consultants and obtain assistance from members of management as the Compensation and Human Resources Committee deems appropriate
 in the exercise of its authority. 

Make
 reports and recommendations to the Board within the scope of its functions and advise the officers of the Company regarding various
 personnel matters. 

Approve
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for the Company s executive
 officers and employees. 

46 

Review
 the form, terms and provisions of employment and similar agreements with the Company s executive officers and any amendments
 thereto. 

To
 the extent the same has been adopted, review, at least annually, the compensation philosophy of the Company. 

Review
 the Compensation and Human Resources Committee s own performance annually. 

Review
 the Compensation and Human Resources Committee s Charter annually and recommend any changes thereto to the Board. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee . The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board (the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee was formed on April 30, 2014. The committee is composed of Messrs. Nicholas Florio
(Chairman), Dimitri Villard, Vincent Cebula and Jeff Grout. The committee shall be comprised of at least two (2)
 independent members of the board of directors as defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq. All
current members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are independent within this definition. 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is charged with the responsibility of reviewing our corporate governance policies and with
proposing potential director nominees to the Board for consideration. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee formally met
5 times during Fiscal 2022. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider director nominees recommended by security
holders. To recommend a nominee please write to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee c/o Nicholas Florio, Staffing 360 Solutions,
Inc., 757 Third Ave., 27 th Floor, New York, New York 10017. 

Our
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s primary responsibilities and obligations are to: 

Nomination
Matters: 

Recommend
 to the Board candidates for election or reelection to the Board at each annual meeting of stockholders of the Company or any other
 meeting of Company stockholders where the election of a class of directors is to be considered. Nominees for director shall be selected
 on the basis of experience, integrity, ability to make independent analytical inquiries, understanding of the Company s business
 environment, willingness to devote adequate time to Board duties and such other specific criteria as may be established by the Nominating
 and Corporate Governance Committee from time to time. In establishing these criteria, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
 shall make every effort to ensure that the Board and its Committees include at least the required number of independent directors,
 as that term is defined by applicable standards promulgated by Nasdaq and by the SEC. 

Recommend
 to the Board candidates for election by the Board to fill vacancies occurring on the Board. 

Consider
 stockholders nominees in accordance with applicable rules and regulations and develop procedures regarding the nomination
 process as required by the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq. 

Make
 recommendations to the Board concerning the selection criteria to be used by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in
 seeking nominees for election to the Board. 

Aid
 in attracting qualified candidates to serve on the Board and interview and otherwise assist in the screening of such candidates. 

Evaluate
 and make recommendations to the Board concerning the structure, composition and functioning of the Board and all Board committees. 

Corporate
Governance Matters: 

Develop
 and recommend to the Board from time to time corporate governance guidelines applicable to the Company. The Nominating and Corporate
 Governance Committee shall, from time to time as it deems appropriate, review and reassess the adequacy of such guidelines and recommend
 and propose changes to the Board for approval. 

Review
 any issues relating to conflicts of interests and (in conjunction with the Audit Committee of the Board as necessary or appropriate)
 all related party transactions in accordance with SEC and Nasdaq requirements, and report the same to the Board. 

Review
 and recommend changes to Board meeting procedures. 

Monitor
 any requests made by the directors to engage outside advisors with respect to corporate governance issues, at the Company s
 expense. 

Review
 and recommend retirement policies for Company directors as may be adopted from time to time. 

47 

Review
 any outside directorships in other public companies held by senior company officials. 

Periodically
 receive and consider recommendations from the Company s Executive Chairman regarding succession of the Executive Chairman and
 other senior officer levels. 

Make
 reports and recommendations to the Board within the scope of its functions. 

Review
 the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter from time to time and recommend any changes thereto to the Board. 

Mergers
and Acquisitions Committee . The Mergers and Acquisitions Committee of the Board (the M A Committee was formed
on October 22, 2021. The committee is composed of Brendan Flood (Chairman), Vincent Cebula, Nicholas Florio, Dimitri Villard and
Alicia Barker. The committee shall be comprised of at least two (2) independent members of the board of directors as
defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq. The M A Committee formally met 1 time during Fiscal 2022. 

The
purpose of the Committee is to assist the Board in: (i) reviewing and recommending merger and acquisition transactions, including financing,
proposed by the Company s management; (ii) reviewing and recommending strategic investment transactions and dispositions of material
assets proposed by the Company s management; (iii) proposing the assessment of potential acquisitions and mergers; and (iv) performing
and carrying out the other duties set forth in this Charter. 

Our
M A Committee s primary responsibilities and obligations are to: 

Review
 the Company s strategy regarding mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions with management. 

Recommend
 acquisition targets, strategies, and dispositions of material assets to the Board of Directors, as appropriate. 

Provide
 the Board with such additional information and materials as appropriate to assist the Board in its evaluation, understanding, or
 oversight of any proposed merger, acquisition, investment, or disposition. 

Report
 regularly to the Board of Directors following meetings of the Committee, with respect to such matters as are relevant to the Committee s
 discharge of responsibilities, and with updated status of all proposed acquisitions, divestitures and investments as the Committee
 may deem appropriate. 

Have
 all such other rights and powers as may be lawfully delegated to it by the Board of Directors. 

Section
16 (a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Based
solely upon a review of the Forms 3, 4 and 5 and amendments thereto furnished to the Company, we believe that all directors, officers
and persons beneficially owning greater than 10 of the Company s equity securities timely filed reports required by Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act during Fiscal 2022. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our executive officers or any of our directors. 

48 

Code
of Ethics 

We
adopted a code of ethics that applies to our executive officers, Directors and employees and our subsidiaries. Our code of ethics is
posted to our website at www.staffing360solutions.com. We will disclose any amendments to or any waivers from a provision of the code
of ethics, if they occur, in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation
of Executive Officers 

Executive
Compensation Overview 

The
compensation program for our executive officers, as presented in the summary compensation table below, is administered by our Board and
our Compensation and Human Resources Committee. The intent of our compensation program is to align our executives interests with
those of our stockholders, while providing reasonable and competitive compensation. 

The
purpose of this executive compensation discussion is to provide information about the material elements of compensation that we pay or
award to, or that is earned by: (i) the individual who served as our principal executive officer during Fiscal 2022; (ii) our two most
highly compensated executive officers, other than the individual who served as our principal executive officer, who were serving as executive
officers, as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC, as of December 31, 2022, with compensation
during Fiscal 2022 of 100,000 or more; and (iii) if applicable, up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been
provided pursuant to clause (ii) but for the fact that such individuals were not serving as executive officers on December 31, 2022.
We refer to these individuals as our named executive officers. For Fiscal 2022, our named executive officers and the positions
in which they served are: 

Brendan
 Flood, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; 

Joe
 Yelenic, our Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance; and 

Alicia
 Barker, our Chief Operating Officer. 

The
named executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer, do not participate in any part of the process of reviewing and setting
their own compensation levels. The Chief Executive Officer acts in an advisory capacity in setting compensation for executives other
than himself and defers to the decisions of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee. 

For
Fiscal 2022, the compensation of our named executive officers consisted of salary, an annual cash bonus and equity awards, as well as
benefits such as medical coverage, life insurance and 401(k) contributions. 

All
amounts presented in this section are in whole dollar amounts. All compensation amounts presented in British pounds have been translated
using the foreign currency average exchange rates, unless otherwise indicated. 

49 

Compensation
of Executive Officers 

Summary
Compensation Table 

All 

Fiscal 
 Salary 
 Bonus (1) 
 Stock Awards
 (2) (3) 
 Option
 Awards (4) 
 Other Compensation
 (5) 
 Total 
 
 Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Brendan Flood 
 Fiscal 2022 
 503,000 
 300,000 
 30,192 
 327,669 
 29,345 
 1,190,206 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Fiscal 2021 
 646,468 
 500,000 
 421,915 
 
 38,930 
 1,607,313 
 
 Alicia Barker 
 Fiscal 2022 
 275,018 
 217,513 
 34,206 
 
 28,385 
 555,122 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 Fiscal 2021 
 257,821 
 
 17,736 
 
 26,000 
 301,557 
 
 Joe
 Yelenic (6) 
 Fiscal 2022 
 200,000 
 99,000 

299,000 
 
 Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance 
 Fiscal 2021 

(1) 
 On
 January 27, 2022, Board approved, following the recommendation made by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee, the payment
 of an exceptional bonus equal to 500,000, less all applicable withholdings and deductions, to Mr. Flood for Fiscal 2021 (the 2021
 Flood Bonus ), payable at Mr. Flood s election in (i) a lump-sum cash payment; (ii) shares of our common stock, provided
 the common stock s fair market value (determined in accordance with the 2021 Plan (as defined herein)) at the time of such
 election was at least 1.00 per share; or (iii) in a combination of cash and common stock, subject to the restrictions described
 in (ii) above, with such bonus to be paid to Mr. Flood as soon as administratively practicable in the 2022 calendar year; provided,
 however, that if due to our cash position, we were unable to pay the 2021 Flood Bonus to Mr. Flood by December 31, 2022, then the
 2021 Flood Bonus would be paid to Mr. Flood, effective as of December 31, 2022, in shares of common stock, determined based on the
 common stock s fair market value on the last trading day of the 2022 calendar year and irrespective of the restrictions described
 in (ii) above, and provided further that, in the event the fair market value of the common stock as of the last trading day of the
 2022 calendar year was less than 1.00 per share, then the number of shares of common stock issued to Mr. Flood as of December 31,
 2022 would not exceed 500,000 shares of common stock. On December 30, 2022, the last trading day of the 2022 calendar year, the fair
 market value of our common stock was 2.82 per share and on February 2, 2023, 177,305 shares were issued to Mr. Flood pursuant to
 the 2021 Flood Bonus. 

(2) 
 Represents
 the amount recognized for financial statement reporting purposes in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Stock awards vest in full on the
 third anniversary of the grant date, and the value of stock award is based upon the fair value of the award at issuance over the
 vesting term on a straight-line basis. The fair value of the award is calculated by multiplying the number of restricted shares by
 the Company s stock price on the date of issuance. 

(3) 
 On
 January 27, 2022, Mr. Flood was granted 50,000 options expiring in 5 years. On December 28, 2022, Mr. Flood was issued 10,000 shares
 for board services at 3.02 per share. On January 11, 2022, April 12, 2022 and December 28, 2022, Ms. Barker was issued 200 shares
 at 9.65, 200 shares at 7.40 and 10,200 shares at 3.02, respectively. On October 21, 2021, Mr. Flood and Ms. Barker were issued
 8,334 and 667 shares, respectively at 18.10 per share. On January 8, 2021, and October 21, 2021, Ms. Barker was issued 24 shares
 at 51.52 per share and 247 shares at 18.10 per share, respectively. 

(4) 
 In
 accordance with SEC rules, this column reflects the aggregate fair value of the five (5) year option awards totaling 327,669 granted
 January 22, 2022 in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 for share-based
 compensation transactions. 

(5) 
 Includes
 vacation pay, car allowance, 401(k) match, pensions and life insurance premiums. 

(6) 
 On
 November 4, 2022, the Board appointed Mr. Joe Yelenic, Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance, as our principal financial officer. 

50 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the outstanding equity awards that have been previously awarded to each of the named
executive officers for Fiscal 2022. 

Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: Number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options
 (#) 
 Option Exercise Price
 ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Name 
 Option
 awards 
 
 Brendan Flood (1) 
 110 (1) 
 
 110 
 6,000 
 01/07/2024 

50 (2) 
 
 50 
 3,000 
 03/01/2025 

160 (3) 
 
 160 
 405 
 02/28/2027 

50,000 (4) 
 
 50,000 
 7.80 
 01/27/2027 

(1) 
 These
 options are fully vested, were issued pursuant to the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and are exercisable for a period of 10 years from
 the date of grant. 

(2) 
 These
 options are fully vested, were issued pursuant to the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan and are exercisable for a period of 10 years from
 the date of grant. 

(3) 
 These
 options are fully vested, were issued pursuant to the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and are exercisable for a period of 10 years from
 the date of grant. 

(4) 
 These
 options are fully vested, were issued pursuant to the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and are exercisable for a period of 5 years from
 the date of grant. 

Employment
Agreements 

The
Flood Employment Agreement 

On
January 3, 2014, in connection with our acquisition of Initio, we entered into a services agreement (the Flood Employment Agreement with Brendan Flood. Pursuant to the Flood Employment Agreement, Mr. Flood initially served as Executive Chairman of the Board. Mr. Flood
was initially paid a salary of 192,000 per year, less statutory deductions, plus other benefits including reimbursement for reasonable
expenses, paid vacation and insurance coverage for his roles with both us and our U.K. subsidiary. Under the Flood Employment Agreement,
Mr. Flood s salary is required to be adjusted (but not decreased) annually in connection with the CPI Adjustment (as defined in
the Flood Employment Agreement). Mr. Flood is also entitled to an annual bonus of up to 50 of his annual base salary based on reaching
certain financial milestones. Additionally, Mr. Flood was entitled to a gross profit appreciation participation, which entitled the participants
to 10 of Initio s Excess Gross Profit, which is defined as the increase in Initio gross profits in excess of 120 
of the base year s gross profit, up to 400,000. Mr. Flood s participating level was 62.5 . On May 29, 2015, the Gross Profit
Appreciation Bonus associated with this employment agreement was converted into 1,039,380 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. On January
8, 2021, all of his Series A Preferred Stock were converted into 45,100 shares of our common stock. 

The
Flood Employment Agreement had an initial term of five years and automatically renews thereafter unless 12 months written notice
is provided by either party. It also includes customary non-compete/solicitation language for a period of 12 months after termination
of employment, and in the event of a change in control, we may request that Mr. Flood continue employment with the new control entity.
In December 2017, upon the reorganization of the Company and departure of Mr. Briand, Mr. Flood s title was changed to Chairman
and he assumed the roles of our Chief Executive Officer and President. On January 1, 2018, the Company increased his salary by the CPI
Adjustment. On January 1, 2019 and on January 1, 2020, Mr. Flood was eligible for a CPI salary adjustment and chose to waive this adjustment.
Effective January 1, 2020, Mr. Flood s salary changed to 503,000 and bonus changed to up to 75 of his annual base salary. 

51 

The
Barker Employment Agreement 

We
entered into an employment agreement with Alicia Barker that appointed her as our Chief Operating Officer effective July 1, 2018 (the
 Barker Employment Agreement ). Ms. Barker also serves as a director on the Board and receives stock compensation for her
service as a director on the Board. 

Under
the terms of the Barker Employment Agreement, Ms. Barker currently receives an annual base salary of 250,000 and is entitled to receive
an annual performance bonus of up to 75 of her base salary based on the achievement of certain performance metrics. Ms. Barker s
base salary is required to be reviewed by the Board on an annual basis and may be increased, but not decreased, in its sole discretion.
Ms. Barker is also entitled to reimbursement of certain out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with her services to the Company
and to participate in the benefit plans generally made available to other executives of the Company. Effective January 1, 2021, Ms. Barker s
salary changed to 275,000. 

In
the event Ms. Barker is terminated without cause or for good reason (as such terms are defined in the Barker Employment Agreement), she
is entitled to receive (subject to certain requirements, including signing a general release of claims): (i) any earned but unpaid base
salary and vacation time, as well as unreimbursed expenses, through her termination date; (ii) severance pay in an amount equal to 12
months base salary; and (iii) any earned but unpaid performance bonus. In the event Ms. Barker is terminated for cause or without
good reason, she is only entitled to receive any earned but unpaid base salary and vacation time, as well as unreimbursed expenses, through
her termination date. 

The
Barker Employment Agreement also contains customary confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-disparagement clauses. 

The
Yelenic Employment Agreement 

We
entered into an employment agreement with Joe Yelenic that appointed him as our Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance effective April
18, 2022 (the Yelenic Employment Agreement ). 

Under
the terms of the Yelenic Employment Agreement, Mr. Yelenic currently receives an annual base salary of 320,000 and is entitled to receive
an annual performance bonus of up to 140,000 based on the achievement of certain performance metrics. The Yelenic Employment Agreement
will continue in effect unless terminated by either party upon written notice provided of not less than six months. Mr. Yelenic is also
entitled to reimbursement of certain out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with his services to the Company and to participate
in the benefit plans generally made available to other executives of the Company. 

In
the event Mr. Yelenic is terminated without cause or for good reason (as such terms are defined in the Yelenic Employment Agreement),
he is entitled to receive (subject to certain requirements, including signing a general release of claims) (i) any earned but unpaid
base salary and vacation time, as well as unreimbursed expenses, through his termination date and (ii) any earned but unpaid performance
bonus. In the event Mr. Yelenic is terminated for cause or without good reason, he is only entitled to receive any earned but unpaid
base salary and vacation time, as well as unreimbursed expenses, through his termination date. 

The
Yelenic Employment Agreement also contains customary confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-disparagement clauses. 

52 

Compensation
of Directors 

The
following table provides compensation information for Fiscal 2022 for each member of our Board during Fiscal 2022: 

Fees Earned 

or Paid in 
 Stock 

Cash
 ) 
 Awards
 ) (1) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Brendan Flood (2) 
 
 30,200 
 30,200 
 
 Dimitri Villard (3) 
 100,000 
 34,214 
 134,214 
 
 Jeff Grout (4) 
 100,000 
 34,214 
 134,214 
 
 Nicholas Florio (5) 
 100,000 
 34,214 
 134,214 
 
 Alicia Barker (6) 
 
 34,214 
 34,214 
 
 Vincent Cebula (7) 
 100,000 
 34,214 
 134,214 

(1) 
 We
 account for stock-based instruments issued to employees in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Stock awards vest in full on the third
 anniversary of the grant date, and the value of stock award is based upon the fair value of the award at issuance over the vesting
 term on a straight-line basis. The fair value of the award is calculated by multiplying the number of restricted shares by our stock
 price on the date of issuance. We issued these shares under our 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, whereby these shares vest on the third
 anniversary of the date of grant. A nonemployee who sits on the Board and is compensated by us solely for the individual s
 role as a director will be treated as an employee under ASC 718. 

On
 January 11, 2022, April 12, 2022 and December 28, 2022, Mr. Villard, Mr. Grout, Mr. Florio, Ms. Barker and Mr. Cebula were issued
 200 shares at 9.65, 2,000 shares at 7.40 and 10,200 shares at 3.02, respectively. On December 28, 2022, Mr. Flood was issued 10,000
 shares at 3.02 per share. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Flood does not receive any cash compensation for his service as a director. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022, Mr. Flood received
 10,000 shares per quarter for his service as a director. For information concerning Mr. Flood s compensation as our President
 and Chief Executive Officer, please see Compensation of Executive Officers Summary Compensation Table . 

(3) 
 In
 August 2022, Mr. Villard was named the lead independent director. Mr. Villard formerly served as Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate
 Governance Committee from May 2014 to July 2022. Mr. Villard has been a member of the Audit Committee and of the Compensation and
 Human Resources Committee since May 2014. As a member of our Board, Mr. Villard receives an annual payment of 100,000, effective
 July 1, 2021, payable in monthly installments of 8,333. In addition, for his services as a Board and committee member, Mr. Villard
 received 200 shares of restricted common stock per quarter for the first three quarters of 2022. Effective October 1, 2022, the shares
 of restricted stock per quarter increased to 10,000 shares. During Fiscal 2022, Mr. Villard received 10,600 shares of restricted
 common stock valued at 34,214 for his services as a Board and committee member. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Villard held 11,561
 shares of common stock from stock awards and options representing the right to purchase 17 shares of common stock. 

(4) 
 In
 February 2014, Mr. Grout was named the Chairman of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee and was also named as a member
 of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. In June 2015, Mr. Grout was also named as a member of the Audit Committee.
 As a member of our Board, Mr. Grout receives an annual payment of 100,000, effective July 1, 2021, payable in monthly installments
 of 8,333. In addition, for his services as a Board and committee member, Mr. Grout received 200 shares of restricted common stock
 per quarter for the first three quarters of 2022. Effective October 1, 2022, the shares of restricted stock per quarter increased
 to 10,000 shares. During Fiscal 2022, Mr. Grout received 10,600 shares of restricted common stock valued at 34,214 for his services
 as a Board and committee member. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Grout held 11,581 shares of common stock from stock awards and options
 representing the right to purchase 17 shares of common stock. 

(5) 
 In
 August 2022, Mr. Florio was named the Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Mr. Florio formerly served as
 Chairman of the Audit Committee from May 2014 to July 2022. Mr. Florio has been a member of each of the Audit and Corporate Governance
 Committee and of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee since May 2014. As a member of our Board, Mr. Florio receives an
 annual payment of 100,000, effective July 1, 2021, payable in monthly installments of 8,333. In addition, for his services as a
 Board and committee member, Mr. Florio received 200 shares of restricted common stock per quarter for the first three quarters of
 2022. Effective October 1, 2022, the shares of restricted stock per quarter increased to 10,000 shares. During Fiscal 2022, Mr. Florio
 received 10,600 shares of restricted common stock valued at 34,214 for his services as a Board and committee member. As of December
 31, 2022, Mr. Florio held 11,624 shares of common stock from stock awards and options representing the right to purchase 17 shares
 of common stock. At the request of Mr. Florio, all cash payments, common stock issuances and stock option issuances have been made
 in the name of Citrin Cooperman Company, LLP. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Florio, in the name of Citrin Cooperman, held 11,624
 shares of common stock from stock awards and options representing the right to purchase 17 shares of common stock. 

53 

(6) 
 As
 a non-independent director, Ms. Barker receives equity compensation but is not entitled to cash compensation for services as a director.
 For her services as a director, Ms. Barker received 200 shares of restricted common stock per quarter for the first three quarters
 of 2022. Effective October 1, 2022, the shares of restricted stock per quarter increased to 10,000 shares. During Fiscal 2022, Mr.
 Barker received 10,600 shares of restricted common stock valued at 34,214 for his services as a Board and committee member. As of
 December 31, 2022, Mr. Barker held 12,795 shares of common stock from stock awards and options representing the right to purchase
 17 shares of common stock. For information concerning Ms. Barker s compensation as our Chief Operating Officer, please see
 Executive and Director Compensation Summary Compensation Table . 

(7) 
 On
 July 29, 2021, Mr. Cebula was appointed to the Board as a Class I director, to fill a vacancy as a result of the increase in the
 size of the Board from five to six persons. In August 2022, Mr. Cebula was named Chairman of the Audit Committee. As a member of
 our Board, Mr. Cebula receives an annual payment of 100,000, effective July 1, 2021, payable in monthly installments of 8,333.
 In addition, for his services as a Board and committee member, Mr. Cebula received 200 shares of restricted common stock per quarter
 for the first three quarters of 2022. Effective October 1, 2022, the shares of restricted stock per quarter increased to 10,000 shares.
 During Fiscal 2022, Mr. Cebula received 10,600 shares of restricted common stock valued at 34,214 for his services as a Board and
 committee member. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Cebula held 10,800 shares of common stock from stock awards. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of May 19, 2023 for:
(i) each of our directors; (ii) each of our Named Executive Officers; (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group; and
(iv) all persons, to our knowledge, that are the beneficial owners of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. 

Except
as indicated in footnotes to this table, we believe each person named in this table has sole voting and investment power with respect
to the shares of common stock set forth opposite such person s name. Percentage ownership is based on 4,311,020 shares of common
stock outstanding on May 19, 2023. 

Name of
 Beneficial Owner 
 Address 
 Common
 Stock Beneficially Owned (1) 
 Percent
 of Common Stock 
 
 Brendan Flood (2) 
 Third Floor, 24 Cornhill, 
 London, EC3V 3ND 
 267,770 
 9.34 
 
 Dimitri Villard (3) 
 757 Third Avenue, 27 th Floor, New York, NY 10017 
 21,561 

Jeff Grout (4) 
 Third Floor, 24 Cornhill, London, EC3V 3ND 
 21,581 

Nicholas Florio (5) 
 757 Third Avenue, 27 th Floor, New York, NY 10017 
 21,641 

Alicia Barker (6) 
 757 Third Avenue, 27 th
 Floor, New York, NY 10017 
 22,795 

Vincent Cebula (7) 
 757 Third Avenue, 27 th
 Floor, New York, NY 10017 
 20,800 

Joe Yelenic (8) 
 757
 Third Avenue, 27 th Floor, New York, NY 10017 
 1,208 

Directors and officers
 as a group of eight persons 
 
 377,356 
 13.16 

Greater than 5 Holders: 

Jackson Investment Group,
 LLC (9) 
 2655 Northwinds Parkway,
 Alpharetta, GA 30009 
 173,904 
 6.07 

Less than 1 . 

54 

(1)
Shares of common stock beneficially owned and the respective percentages of beneficial ownership of common stock assume the exercise
of all options and other securities convertible into common stock beneficially owned by such person or entity currently exercisable or
exercisable within 60 days of January 10, 2023, except as otherwise noted. Shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options
and other securities convertible into common stock exercisable within 60 days are deemed outstanding and held by the holder of such options
or other securities for computing the percentage of outstanding common stock beneficially owned by such person, but are not deemed outstanding
for computing the percentage of outstanding common stock beneficially owned by any other person. 

(2)
Includes (i) 40,145 shares of common stock owned (of which 1,847 shares of common stock were purchased on the open market); (ii) 50,320
options to purchase shares of common stock that are currently exercisable or may be exercised by Mr. Flood within 60 days of January
10, 2023; and (iii) 177,305 shares of common stock issued to Mr. Flood on February 2, 2023, pursuant to the 2021 Flood Bonus. 

(3)
Includes 93 shares of common stock held personally by Mr. Villard and 21,468 shares of common stock held through Byzantine Productions,
Inc., for which Mr. Villard is deemed the beneficial owner with sole voting and dispositive power over the securities held by the entity,
and Mr. Villard holds options to purchase 17 shares of common stock. 

(4)
Mr. Grout owns 21,581 shares of common stock and holds options to purchase 17 shares of common stock. 

(5)
Includes 70 shares of common stock held personally by Mr. Florio and 21,554 shares of common stock and options to purchase 17 shares
of common stock held in the name of Citrin Cooperman for which Mr. Florio is deemed the beneficial owner with sole voting and dispositive
power over the securities held by the firm. 

(6)
Ms. Barker owns 22,795 shares of common stock. 

(7)
Mr. Cebula owns 20,800 shares of common stock. 

(8)
Mr. Yelenic owns 31,050 shares of Series H Preferred Stock, which are convertible into 1,208 shares of common stock. 

(9)
Includes 134,479 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 39,425 shares of common stock. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 about the common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of outstanding
options, warrants and rights under our equity compensation plans: 

Plan Category 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercising outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average
 exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved
 by security holders 
 148,727 
 10.38 
 351,273 
 
 Equity compensation plans
 not approved by security holders (1) 
 566 
 3,318 
 - 

(1)
At December 31, 2022, we had two equity compensation plans, the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan, not approved
by security holders, which are more fully described below. 

55 

2014
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
January 28, 2014, the Board adopted the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan ). Under the 2014 Plan, we may grant options
to employees, directors, senior management and, under certain circumstances, consultants. The purpose of the 2014 Plan is to secure and
retain the services of the group of persons eligible to receive option awards, to secure and retain the services of new members of this
group and to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and its affiliates. A maximum
of 834 shares of common stock has been reserved for issuance under the 2014 Plan (adjusted for the Reverse Stock Splits). The 2014 Plan
expires on January 28, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, we had issued 834 options and shares of common stock pursuant to the 2014 Plan
and therefore there are no remaining shares eligible to be issued under the 2014 Plan. 

The
authority to administer the 2014 Plan currently resides with the Compensation and Human Resources Committee. 

Transferability 

Option
awards are not transferable other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution unless otherwise provided in the individual
option agreement. 

Change
of Control Event 

In
the event of a change in control, then, without the consent or action required of any holder of an option award (in such holder s
capacity as such): 

(i)
Any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation or any parent or affiliate thereof, as determined by the Board in its discretion,
will assume or continue any option awards outstanding under the plan in all or in part or shall substitute to similar stock awards in
all or in part; or 

(ii)
In the event any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation does not assume or continue any option awards or substitute to similar
stock awards, for those outstanding under the plan, then: (a) all unvested option awards will expire (b) vested options will terminate
if not exercised at or prior to such change in control; or 

(iii)
Upon change in control, the Board may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the vesting, partially or in full, in the sole discretion of
the Board and on a case-by-case basis of one or more option awards as the board of directors may determine to be appropriate prior to
such events. 

Notwithstanding
the above, in case of change in control, in the event all or substantially all of the shares of our common stock of are to be exchanged
for securities of another company, then each holder of an option award shall be obliged to sell or exchange, as the case may be, any
shares such holder holds or purchased under the plan, in accordance with the instructions issued by the Board, whose determination shall
be final. 

Termination
of Employment/Relationship 

In
the event of termination of the option holder s employment with us or any of our affiliates, or if applicable, the termination
of services given to us or any of our affiliates by consultants of the Company or any of its affiliates for cause (as defined in the
plan), all outstanding option awards granted to such option holder (whether vested or not) will immediately expire and terminate on the
date of such termination and the holder of option awards will not have any right in connection to such outstanding option awards, unless
otherwise determined by the Board. The shares of common stock covered by such option awards will revert to the 2014 Plan. 

56 

2015
Omnibus Incentive Plan 

On
September 23, 2015, the Board adopted the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan ). Under the 2015 Plan, we may grant
options to our employees, directors, senior management and, under certain circumstances, consultants. The purpose of the 2015 Plan is
to retain the services of the group of persons eligible to receive option awards, to secure and retain the services of new members of
this group and to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and its affiliates. 

The
2015 Plan provides for an aggregate of 1,500 shares of common stock to be available for awards (adjusted for the Reverse Stock Splits).
The number of shares available for grant pursuant to awards under the 2015 Plan is referred to as the Available Shares .
If an award is forfeited, canceled, or if any option terminates, expires or lapses without being exercised, the common stock subject
to such award will again be made available for future grant. However, shares that are used to pay the exercise price of an option or
that are withheld to satisfy the participant s tax withholding obligation will not be available for re-grant under the 2015 Plan. 

The
2015 Plan has a term of ten years and no further awards may be granted under the 2015 Plan after that date. As of December 31, 2022,
we had issued 1,500 in options and shares of common stock pursuant to the 2015 Plan and had 0 unissued securities remaining under the
2015 Plan. 

Awards
Available for Grant 

The
Compensation and Human Resources Committee may grant awards of Non-Qualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options, Stock Appreciation
Rights, Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Bonus Awards, Performance Compensation Awards (including cash bonus awards)
or any combination of the foregoing. Notwithstanding, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee may not grant to any one person
in any one calendar year awards (i) for more than 500 common shares in the aggregate or (ii) payable in cash in an amount exceeding 3,600
in the aggregate. 

Transferability 

Each
award may be exercised during the participant s lifetime only by the participant or, if permissible under applicable law, by the
participant s guardian or legal representative and may not be otherwise transferred or encumbered by a participant other than by
will or by the laws of descent and distribution. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee, however, may permit awards (other than
Incentive Stock Options) to be transferred to family members, a trust for the benefit of such family members, a partnership or limited
liability company whose partners or stockholders are the participant and his or her family members or anyone else approved by it. 

Change
in Control 

Except
to the extent otherwise provided in an award, in the event of a change in control, all outstanding options and equity awards (other than
performance compensation awards) issued under the Plan will become fully vested and performance compensation awards will vest, as determined
by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee, based on the level of attainment of the specified performance goals. In general, the
Compensation and Human Resources Committee may, in its discretion, cancel outstanding awards and pay the value of such awards to the
participants in connection with a change in control. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee can also provide otherwise in an
award under the 2015 Plan. 

2016
Omnibus Incentive Plan 

On
October 25, 2016, our Board adopted the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan to, among other things, attract and
retain the best available personnel, to provide additional incentive to employees, directors and consultants and to promote the success
of our business. On January 26, 2017, our stockholders approved the 2016 Plan, pursuant to which 8,334 shares of our common stock were
reserved for issuance under stock and stock option awards (adjusted for the Reverse Stock Splits). On May 30, 2018, our stockholders
approved an amendment to the 2016 Plan to increase the total number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2016 Plan to 20,834 shares
of our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had issued 20,834 shares and options to purchase shares of common stock pursuant to
the 2016 Plan, leaving 0 shares remaining under the 2016 Plan. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee administers the 2016 Plan. 

57 

The
Compensation and Human Resources Committee administers the 2016 Plan. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee will have the authority,
without limitation to (i) designate participants; (ii) determine the type or types of awards to be granted to a participant; (iii) determine
the number of common shares to be covered by, or with respect to which payments, rights, or other matters are to be calculated in connection
with, awards; (iv) determine the terms and conditions of any award; (v) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances
awards may be settled or exercised in cash, common shares, other securities, other awards or other property, or canceled, forfeited,
or suspended and the method or methods by which awards may be settled, exercised, canceled, forfeited, or suspended; (vi) determine whether,
to what extent, and under what circumstances the delivery of cash, common shares, other securities, other awards or other property and
other amounts payable with respect to an award; (vii) interpret, administer, reconcile any inconsistency in, settle any controversy regarding,
correct any defect in and/or complete any omission in the 2016 Plan and any instrument or agreement relating to, or award granted under,
the 2016 Plan; (viii) establish, amend, suspend, or waive any rules and regulations and appoint such agents as the Compensation and Human
Resources Committee shall deem appropriate for the proper administration of the 2016 Plan; (ix) accelerate the vesting or exercisability
of, payment for or lapse of restrictions on, awards; and (x) make any other determination and take any other action that the Compensation
and Human Resources Committee deems necessary or desirable for the administration of the 2016 Plan. The Compensation and Human Resources
Committee will have full discretion to administer and interpret the 2016 Plan and to adopt such rules, regulations and procedures as
it deems necessary or advisable and to determine, among other things, the time or times at which the awards may be exercised and whether
and under what circumstances an award may be exercised. 

Eligibility 

Employees,
directors, officers, advisors and consultants of the Company or its affiliates are eligible to participate in the 2016 Plan. The Compensation
and Human Resources Committee has the sole and complete authority to determine who will be granted an award under the 2016 Plan, however,
it may delegate such authority to one or more officers of the Company under the circumstances set forth in the 2016 Plan. 

Number
of Shares Authorized 

The
2016 Plan provides for an aggregate of 20,834 shares of common stock to be available for awards. The 2016 Plan has a term of ten years
and no further awards may be granted under the 2016 Plan after that date. 

Awards
Available for Grant 

The
Compensation and Human Resources Committee may grant awards of Non-Qualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options, Stock Appreciation
Rights, Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Bonus Awards, Performance Compensation Awards (including cash bonus awards)
(each defined under the 2016 Plan) or any combination of the foregoing subject to the number of available shares. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in the 2016 Plan, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee may not grant to any one participant under the plan
in any one calendar year awards (i) for more than 1,334 common shares in the aggregate or (ii) payable in cash in an amount exceeding
 750,000 in the aggregate. 

Options 

Under
the terms of the 2016 Plan, unless the Compensation and Human Resources Committee determines otherwise in the case of an option substituted
for another option in connection with a corporate transaction, the exercise price of the options will not be less than the fair market
value (as determined under the 2016 Plan) of the shares of common stock on the date of grant. Options granted under the 2016 Plan will
be subject to such terms, including the exercise price and the conditions and timing of exercise, as may be determined by the Compensation
and Human Resources Committee and specified in the applicable award agreement. The maximum term of an option granted under the 2016 Plan
will be ten years from the date of grant (or five years in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a 10 stockholder.) 

Stock
Appreciation Rights 

The
Compensation and Human Resources Committee is authorized to award Stock Appreciation Rights SARs under the 2016 Plan.
SARs will be subject to such terms and conditions as established by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee. A SAR is a contractual
right that allows a participant to receive, either in the form of cash, shares or any combination of cash and shares, the appreciation,
if any, in the value of a share over a certain period of time. A SAR granted under the 2016 Plan may be granted in tandem with an option
and SARs may also be awarded to a participant independent of the grant of an option. SARs granted in connection with an option shall
be subject to terms similar to the option which corresponds to such SARs. SARs shall be subject to terms established by the Compensation
and Human Resources Committee and reflected in the award agreement. 

58 

Restricted
Stock 

The
Compensation and Human Resources Committee is authorized to award restricted stock under the 2016 Plan. Unless otherwise provided by
the Compensation and Human Resources Committee and specified in an award agreement, restrictions on restricted stock will lapse after
three years of service with the Company. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee will determine the terms of such restricted stock
awards. Shares of restricted stock are shares of common stock that generally are non-transferable and subject to other restrictions determined
by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee for a specified period. Unless the Compensation and Human Resources Committee determines
otherwise or specifies otherwise in an award agreement, if the participant terminates employment or services during the restricted period,
then any unvested restricted stock will be forfeited. 

Restricted
Stock Unit Awards 

The
Compensation and Human Resources Committee is authorized to award restricted stock unit awards under the 2016 Plan. Unless otherwise
provided by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee and specified in an award agreement, restricted stock units vest after three
years of service with the Company. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee determines the terms of such restricted stock units.
Unless the Compensation and Human Resources Committee determines otherwise or specifies otherwise in an award agreement, if the participant
terminates employment or services during the period of time over which all or a portion of the units are to be earned, then any unvested
units will be forfeited. At the election of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee, the participant will receive a number of
shares of common stock equal to the number of units earned or an amount in cash equal to the fair market value of that number of shares
at the expiration of the period over which the units are to be earned or at a later date selected by the Compensation and Human Resources
Committee. 

Stock
Bonus Awards 

The
Compensation and Human Resources Committee is authorized to grant awards of unrestricted shares of common stock or other awards denominated
in shares of common stock, either alone or in tandem with other awards, under such terms and conditions as the Compensation and Human
Resources Committee may determine. 

Performance
Compensation Awards 

The
Compensation and Human Resources Committee is authorized to grant any award under the 2016 Plan in the form of a performance compensation
awards. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee will select the performance criteria based on one or more of the following factors:
(i) revenue; (ii) sales; (iii) profit (net profit, gross profit, operating profit, economic profit, profit margins or other corporate
profit measures); (iv) earnings (EBIT, EBITDA, earnings per share, or other corporate earnings measures); (v) net income (before or after
taxes, operating income or other income measures); (vi) cash (cash flow, cash generation or other cash measures); (vii) stock price or
performance; (viii) total stockholder return (stock price appreciation plus reinvested dividends divided by beginning share price); (ix)
economic value added; (x) return measures (including, but not limited to, return on assets, capital, equity, investments or sales, and
cash flow return on assets, capital, equity, or sales); (xi) market share; (xii) improvements in capital structure; (xiii) expenses (expense
management, expense ratio, expense efficiency ratios or other expense measures); (xiv) business expansion or consolidation (acquisitions
and divestitures); (xv) internal rate of return or increase in net present value; (xvi) working capital targets relating to inventory
and/or accounts receivable; (xvii) inventory management; (xviii) service or product delivery or quality; (xix) customer satisfaction;
(xx) employee retention; (xxi) safety standards; (xxii) productivity measures; (xxiii) cost reduction measures; and/or (xxiv) strategic
plan development and implementation. 

59 

Transferability 

Each
award may be exercised during the participant s lifetime only by the participant or, if permissible under applicable law, by the
participant s guardian or legal representative. No award may be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred
or encumbered by a participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and any such purported assignment, alienation,
pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the Company; provided that the designation
of a beneficiary shall not constitute an assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance. The Compensation
and Human Resources Committee, however, may permit awards (other than incentive stock options) to be transferred to family members, a
trust for the benefit of such family members, a partnership or limited liability company whose partners or stockholders are the participant
and his or her family members or anyone else approved by it. 

Amendment 

The
2016 Plan has a term of ten years from the effective date of the 2016 Plan. The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the 2016 Plan at
any time; however, shareholder approval to amend the 2016 Plan may be necessary if applicable law or listing rule so requires. No amendment,
suspension or termination will impair the rights of any participant or recipient of any award without the consent of the participant
or recipient. 

Change
in Control 

Except
to the extent otherwise provided in an award, in the event of a change in control, all outstanding options and equity awards (other than
performance compensation awards) issued under the 2016 Plan will become fully vested or the period of restriction will expire and performance
compensation awards vest, as determined by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee, based on the level of attainment of the specified
performance goals or assuming that that the applicable target levels of performance have been obtained or on such other
basis as determined by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee. 

2020
Omnibus Incentive Plan 

On
June 30, 2020, the Board approved the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan pursuant to which we may grant equity
incentive awards to key employees, key contractors, and non-employee directors of the Company. The 2020 Plan provides for the granting
of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance
awards, dividend equivalent rights, and other awards, which may be granted singly or in combination, and that may be paid in cash, shares
of our common stock, or a combination of cash and common stock. A total of 12,500 shares of common stock are reserved for grant under
the 2020 Plan, plus any awards reserved under the Company s prior equity incentive plans, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances
to prevent dilution or enlargement. On September 29, 2020, our stockholders approved the 2020 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, we had issued
12,500 shares and options to purchase shares of common stock pursuant to the 2020 Plan, therefore leaving 0 shares remaining under
the 2020 Plan. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee administers the 2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan will terminate on June 30, 2030. 

2021
Omnibus Incentive Plan 

On
August 17, 2021, the Board approved the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan pursuant to which we may grant equity
incentive awards to key employees, key contractors, and non-employee directors of the Company. The 2021 Plan provides for the granting
of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance
awards, dividend equivalent rights, and other awards, which may be granted singly or in combination, and that may be paid in cash, shares
of our common stock, or a combination of cash and common stock. A total of 200,000 shares of common stock are reserved for grant under
the 2021 Plan, plus any awards reserved under the Company s prior equity incentive plans, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances
to prevent dilution or enlargement. On October 14, 2021, our stockholders approved the 2021 Plan. On December 27, 2021, we held a special
meeting of the stockholders, at which meeting the stockholders approved an amendment to the 2021 Plan to increase the number of shares
of common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2021 Plan by an additional 300,000 shares, to a total of 500,000
shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had issued 148,727 shares and options to purchase shares of common stock pursuant
to the 2021 Plan, therefore leaving 351,273 shares remaining under the 2021 Plan. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee administers
the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan will terminate on August 17, 2031. 

60 

Purpose .
The purpose of the 2021 Plan is to enable us to remain competitive and innovative in our ability to attract and retain the services of
key employees, key contractors, and non-employee directors of the Company and our subsidiaries. The 2021 Plan provides for the granting
of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock, restricted
stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalent rights, and other awards, which may be granted singly or in combination, and that
may be paid in cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and common stock. The 2021 Plan is expected to provide flexibility
to our compensation methods in order to adapt the compensation of our key employees, key contractors, and non-employee directors to a
changing business environment, after giving due consideration to competitive conditions and the impact of applicable tax laws. 

Effective
Date and Expiration . The 2021 Plan was approved by our Board on August 17, 2021 and approved by our stockholders on October 14, 2021.
The 2021 Plan will terminate on August 17, 2031, unless earlier terminated by our Board. No award may be granted under the 2021 Plan
after its termination date, but awards made prior to the termination date may extend beyond that date in accordance with their terms. 

Shares
Available. The 2021 Plan, as amended, provides that the aggregate number of shares of our common stock that may be subject to awards
under the 2021 Plan cannot exceed 500,000 shares, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances to prevent dilution or enlargement.
All of the shares available for issuance as an award under the 2021 Plan may be delivered pursuant to incentive stock options. 

Administration.
 Under the terms of the 2021 Plan, the 2021 Plan will be administered by our Board or such committee of our Board as is designated
by it to administer the 2021 Plan (the Committee ), which, to the extent necessary to satisfy the requirements of Rule 16b-3
under the Exchange Act, shall consist entirely of two or more non-employee directors as defined in Rule 16b-3 under the
Exchange Act. At any time there is no Committee to administer the 2021 Plan, any reference to the Committee is a reference to our Board.
The Committee will determine the persons to whom awards are to be made; determine the type, size, and terms of awards; interpret the
2021 Plan; establish and revise rules and regulations relating to the 2021 Plan and any sub-plans (including sub-plans for awards made
to participants who do not reside in the United States); establish performance goals applicable to awards and certify the extent of their
achievement; and make any other determinations that it believes are necessary for the administration of the 2021 Plan. The Committee
may delegate certain of its duties to one or more of our officers as provided in the 2021 Plan. 

Shares
to be issued under the 2021 Plan may be made available from authorized but unissued shares of our common stock, common stock held in
our treasury, or shares purchased by us on the open market or otherwise. During the term of the 2021 Plan, we will at all times reserve
and keep enough shares available to satisfy the requirements of the 2021 Plan. Shares underlying awards granted under the 2021 Plan,
the 2020 Plan or the 2016 Plan that expire or are forfeited or terminated without being exercised, or awards that are settled for cash,
will again be available for the grant of additional awards within the limits provided by the 2021 Plan. Shares withheld by or delivered
to us to satisfy the exercise price of stock options or tax withholding obligations with respect to any award granted under the 2021
Plan will nonetheless be deemed to have been issued under the 2021 Plan and will not again be available for grant under the 2021 Plan.
Awards that may be satisfied either by the issuance of common stock or by cash or other consideration shall be counted against the maximum
number of shares that may be issued under the 2021 Plan only during the period that the award is outstanding or to the extent the award
is ultimately satisfied by the issuance of shares. An award will not reduce the number of shares that may be issued pursuant to the 2021
Plan if the settlement of the award will not require the issuance of shares, such as, for example, SARs that can only be satisfied by
the payment of cash. Only shares forfeited back to us or shares cancelled on account of termination, expiration, or lapse of an award
shall again be available for grant as incentive stock options under the 2021 Plan, but shall not increase the maximum number of shares
that may be delivered pursuant to incentive stock options. 

Eligibility.
 The 2021 Plan provides for awards to the non-employee directors, officers, employees, and contractors of the Company and our subsidiaries
and prospective non-employee directors, officers, employees, and contractors who have accepted offers of employment or service from the
Company or our subsidiaries, with such awards being effective upon such individual s commencement of employment with or service
to the Company or our subsidiaries, as applicable. As of the date of this proxy statement, there were four non-employee directors, three
Section 16 officers, and approximately 205 other employees eligible to participate in the 2021 Plan. The Company s current Section
16 executive officers and each member of our Board are among the individuals eligible to receive awards under the 2021 Plan. 

61 

Stock
Options. Subject to the terms and provisions of the 2021 Plan, options to purchase shares of our common stock may be granted to eligible
individuals at any time and from time to time as determined by the Committee. Stock options may be granted as incentive stock options,
which are intended to qualify for favorable treatment to the recipient under federal tax law, or as nonqualified stock options, which
do not qualify for such favorable tax treatment. Subject to the limits provided in the 2021 Plan, the Committee determines the number
of stock options granted to each recipient. Each stock option grant will be evidenced by a stock option agreement that specifies the
stock option s exercise price, whether the stock options are intended to be incentive stock options or nonqualified stock options,
the duration of the stock options, the number of shares to which the stock options pertain, and such additional limitations, terms, and
conditions as the Committee may determine. 

The
Committee determines the exercise price for each stock option granted, except that the exercise price may not be less than 100 of the
fair market value of a share of our common stock on the date of grant; provided, however, that if an incentive stock option is granted
to an employee who owns or is deemed to own more than 10 of the combined voting power of all classes of our common stock (or of any
parent or subsidiary), the exercise price must be at least 110 of the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the date of
grant. As of August 20, 2021, the fair market value (as that term is defined in the 2021 Plan) of a share of our common stock was 20.35.
All stock options granted under the 2021 Plan will expire no later than ten years (or, in the case of an incentive stock option granted
to an employee who owns or is deemed to own more than 10 of the combined voting power of all classes of our common stock (or of any
parent or subsidiary), five years) from the date of grant. Stock options are nontransferable except by will or by the laws of descent
and distribution or, in the case of nonqualified stock options, as otherwise expressly permitted by the Committee. The granting of a
stock option does not accord the recipient the rights of a stockholder, and such rights accrue only after the exercise of a stock option
and the registration of shares of our common stock in the recipient s name. No dividend or dividend equivalent rights may be paid
or granted with respect to any stock options granted under the 2021 Plan. 

Stock
Appreciation Rights. The 2021 Plan authorizes the Committee to grant SARs, either as a separate award or in connection with a stock
option. A SAR entitles the holder to receive from us, upon exercise, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the aggregate fair market
value of a specified number of shares of our common stock to which such SAR pertains over the aggregate exercise price for the underlying
shares. The exercise price of a SAR shall not be less than 100 of the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the date of
grant. 

Each
SAR will be evidenced by an award agreement that specifies the exercise price, the number of shares to which the SAR pertains, and such
additional limitations, terms, and conditions as the Committee may determine. We may make payment of the amount to which the participant
exercising SARs is entitled by delivering shares of our common stock, cash, or a combination of stock and cash as set forth in the award
agreement relating to the SARs. SARs are not transferable except as expressly permitted by the Committee. No dividend or dividend equivalent
rights may be paid or granted with respect to any SARs granted under the 2021 Plan. 

Restricted
Stock. The 2021 Plan provides for the award of shares of our common stock that are subject to forfeiture and restrictions on transferability
as set forth in the 2021 Plan, the applicable award agreement, and as may be otherwise determined by the Committee. Except for these
restrictions and any others imposed by the Committee, upon the grant of restricted stock, the recipient will have rights of a stockholder
with respect to the restricted stock, including the right to vote the restricted stock and to receive all dividends and other distributions
paid or made with respect to the restricted stock on such terms as will be set forth in the applicable award agreement; provided, however,
such dividends or distributions may be withheld by us for a participant s account until the restrictions lapse with respect to
such restricted stock. During the restriction period set by the Committee, the recipient may not sell, transfer, pledge, exchange, or
otherwise encumber the restricted stock. 

Restricted
Stock Units. The 2021 Plan authorizes the Committee to grant restricted stock units. Restricted stock units are not shares of our
common stock and do not entitle the recipients to the rights of a stockholder, although the award agreement may provide for rights with
respect to dividends or dividend equivalents. The recipient may not sell, transfer, pledge, or otherwise encumber restricted stock units
granted under the 2021 Plan prior to their vesting. Restricted stock units will be settled in shares of our common stock, in an amount
based on the fair market value of our common stock on the settlement date. If the right to receive dividends on restricted stock units
is awarded, then such dividends may be withheld by us for a participant s account until the restrictions lapse with respect to
such restricted stock units. 

62 

Dividend
Equivalent Rights . The Committee may grant a dividend equivalent right either as a component of another award or as a separate award.
The terms and conditions of the dividend equivalent right will be specified by the grant and, when granted as a component of another
award, may have terms and conditions different from such other award; provided, however, that (i) any dividend equivalent rights with
respect to such other award may be withheld by us for a participant s account until such other award is vested, subject to such
terms as determined by the Committee; and (ii) such dividend equivalent rights so withheld and attributable to another award will be
distributed to such participant in cash or, at the discretion of the Committee, in common stock having a fair market value equal to the
amount of such dividend equivalent rights, if applicable, upon vesting of the other award and, if such other award is forfeited, the
right to dividend equivalent rights attributable to such forfeited award also will be forfeited. No dividend equivalent rights may be
paid or granted with respect to any stock option or SAR. Dividend equivalent rights granted as a separate award also may be paid currently
or may be deemed to be reinvested in additional common stock. Any such reinvestment will be at the fair market value at the time thereof.
Dividend equivalent rights may be settled in cash or common stock. 

Performance
Awards . The Committee may grant performance awards payable at the end of a specified performance period in cash, shares of common
stock, or other rights based upon, payable in, or otherwise related to our common stock. Payment will be contingent upon achieving pre-established
performance goals (as described below) by the end of the applicable performance period. The Committee will determine the length of the
performance period, the maximum payment value of an award, and the minimum performance goals required before payment will be made, so
long as such provisions are not inconsistent with the terms of the 2021 Plan, and to the extent an award is subject to Section 409A of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), are in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section
409A of the Code and any applicable regulations or authoritative guidance issued thereunder. In certain circumstances, the Committee
may, in its discretion, determine that the amount payable with respect to certain performance awards will be reduced from the maximum
amount of any potential awards. If the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that the established performance measures or objectives
are no longer suitable because of a change in our business, operations, corporate structure, or for other reasons that the Committee
deems satisfactory, the Committee may modify the performance measures or objectives and/or the performance period. 

Performance
Goals. The 2021 Plan provides that performance goals may be established by the Committee in connection with the grant of any award
under the 2021 Plan. Such goals shall be based on the attainment of specified levels of one or more business criteria, which may include,
without limitation: cash flow; cost; revenues; sales; ratio of debt to debt plus equity; net borrowing, credit quality or debt ratings;
profit before tax; economic profit; earnings before interest and taxes; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization;
gross margin; earnings per share (whether on a pre-tax, after-tax, operational or other basis); operating earnings; capital expenditures;
expenses or expense levels; economic value added; ratio of operating earnings to capital spending or any other operating ratios; free
cash flow; net profit; net sales; net asset value per share; the accomplishment of mergers, acquisitions, dispositions, public offerings
or similar extraordinary business transactions; sales growth; price of our common stock; return on assets, equity or stockholders 
equity; market share; inventory management, inventory turn or shrinkage; employee retention; safety standards; service or product delivery
or quality; or total return to stockholders, in each case with respect to the Company or any one or more of our subsidiaries, divisions,
business units, or business segments, either in absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more other companies (including
an index covering multiple companies). 

Other
Awards. The Committee may grant other forms of awards, based upon, payable in, or that otherwise relate to, in whole or in part,
shares of our common stock, if the Committee determines that such other form of award is consistent with the purpose and restrictions
of the 2021 Plan. The terms and conditions of such other form of award shall be specified in the grant. Such other awards may be granted
for no cash consideration, for such minimum consideration as may be required by applicable law, or for such other consideration as may
be specified in the grant. 

Vesting
of Awards; Forfeiture; Assignment. Except as otherwise provided below, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may determine that
an award will be immediately vested, in whole or in part, or that all or any portion may not be vested until a date, or dates, subsequent
to its date of grant, or until the occurrence of one or more specified events, subject in any case to the terms of the 2021 Plan. 

63 

The
Committee may impose on any award, at the time of grant or thereafter, such additional terms and conditions as the Committee determines,
including terms requiring forfeiture of awards in the event of a participant s termination of service. The Committee will specify
the circumstances under which performance awards may be forfeited in the event of a termination of service by a participant prior to
the end of a performance period or settlement of awards. Except as otherwise determined by the Committee, restricted stock will be forfeited
upon a participant s termination of service during the applicable restriction period. 

Awards
granted under the 2021 Plan generally are not assignable or transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, except
that the Committee may, in its discretion and pursuant to the terms of an award agreement, permit transfers of nonqualified stock options
or SARs to: (i) the spouse (or former spouse), children, or grandchildren of the participant Immediate Family Members 
(ii) a trust or trusts for the exclusive benefit of such Immediate Family Members; (iii) a partnership in which the only partners are
(a) such Immediate Family Members and/or (b) entities that are controlled by the participant and/or his or her Immediate Family Members;
(iv) an entity exempt from federal income tax pursuant to Section 501(c)(3) of the Code or any successor provision; or (v) a split interest
trust or pooled income fund described in Section 2522(c)(2) of the Code or any successor provision, provided that (x) there shall be
no consideration for any such transfer, (y) the applicable award agreement pursuant to which such nonqualified stock options or SARs
are granted must be approved by the Committee and must expressly provide for such transferability, and (z) subsequent transfers of transferred
nonqualified stock options or SARs shall be prohibited except those by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 

Change
in Control . In connection with a change in control, outstanding awards may be converted into new awards, exchanged or substituted
for with new awards, or canceled for no consideration, provided participants were given notice and an opportunity to purchase or exercise
such awards, or cancelled and cashed out based on the positive difference between the per share amount to be received in connection with
the transaction and the purchase/exercise price per share of the award, if any. 

Recoupment
for Restatements . To the extent set forth in the award agreement, the Company may recoup all or any portion of any shares of our
common stock or cash paid to a participant in connection with an award, in the event of a restatement of our financial statements as
set forth in our clawback policy as may be in effect from time to time. 

Adjustments
Upon Changes in Capitalization. In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, shares of our
common stock, other securities, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, rights offering, reorganization,
merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, split-off, combination, subdivision, repurchase, or exchange of shares of our common stock
or other securities, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase shares of our common stock or other securities, or other similar
corporate transaction or event affects the fair market value of an award, the Committee shall adjust any or all of the following so that
the fair market value of the award immediately after the transaction or event is equal to the fair market value of the award immediately
prior to the transaction or event: (i) the number of shares and type of common stock (or other securities or property) that thereafter
may be made the subject of awards; (ii) the number of shares and type of common stock (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding
awards; (iii) the exercise price of each outstanding stock option; (iv) the amount, if any, we pay for forfeited shares in accordance
with the terms of the 2021 Plan; and (v) the number of or exercise price of shares then subject to outstanding SARs previously granted
and unexercised under the 2021 Plan, to the extent that the same proportion of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock in each
instance shall remain subject to exercise at the same aggregate exercise price; provided, however, that the number of shares of common
stock (or other securities or property) subject to any award shall always be a whole number. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such adjustment
shall be made or authorized to the extent that such adjustment would cause the 2021 Plan or any stock option to violate Section 422 of
the Code or Section 409A of the Code. All such adjustments must be made in accordance with the rules of any securities exchange, stock
market, or stock quotation system to which we are subject. 

Repricing
of Stock Options or SARs . The Committee may reprice any stock option or SAR; provided, however, that the repricing
of any Stock Option or SAR shall not be permitted without stockholder approval to the extent stockholder approval is required either
by (i) any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or traded or (ii) applicable law.
For purposes of the 2021 Plan, reprice means any of the following or any other action that has the same effect: (a) amending
a stock option or SAR to reduce its exercise price; (b) canceling a stock option or SAR at a time when its exercise price exceeds the
fair market value of a share of our common stock in exchange for cash or a stock option, SAR, award of restricted stock, or other equity
award; or (c) taking any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles, provided that nothing
will prevent the Committee from (x) making adjustments to awards upon changes in capitalization, (y) exchanging or cancelling awards
upon a merger, consolidation, or recapitalization, or (z) substituting awards for awards granted by other entities, to the extent permitted
by the 2021 Plan. 

64 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Review,
Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons . Pursuant to our Audit Committee charter, our Audit Committee is responsible
for reviewing and approving all related party transactions, including those required to be disclosed as a related party transaction 
under applicable federal securities laws. The Audit Committee has not adopted any specific procedures for conducting reviews of potential
conflicts of interest and considers each transaction in light of the specific facts and circumstances presented. However, to the extent
a potential related party transaction is presented to the Audit Committee, we expect that the Audit Committee would become fully informed
regarding the potential transaction and the interests of the related party and would have the opportunity to deliberate outside of the
presence of the related party. We expect that the Audit Committee would only approve a related party transaction that was in the best
interests of, and fair to, us, and further would seek to ensure that any completed related party transaction was on terms no less favorable
to us than could be obtained in a transaction with an unaffiliated third party. 

Summary
of Related Party Transactions . Described below are transactions occurring since January 3, 2021 and any currently proposed
transactions to which we were a party and in which the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of (i) 120,000 or (ii)
1 of the average of our total assets at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and in which any related person
had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, excluding executive compensation arrangements described elsewhere
herein. 

The
Jackson Transactions 

On
February 5, 2021, we entered into a Limited Consent and Waiver with Jackson, a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock,
whereby, among other things, Jackson agreed that we may use 75 of the proceeds from the public offering that closed on February 12,
2021 to redeem a portion of the 2020 Jackson Note and 25 of the net proceeds from this offering to redeem a portion of our Series E
Convertible Preferred Stock (the Base Series E Preferred Stock ), notwithstanding certain provisions of the certificate
of designation for the Base Series E Preferred Stock that would have required us to use all the proceeds from this offering to redeem
the Base Series E Preferred Stock. In addition, we also agreed in the Limited Consent and Waiver to additional limits on our ability
to incur other indebtedness, including limits on advances under our revolving loan facility with MidCap. We also agreed that to the extent
that any of our Paycheck Protection Program Loans were forgiven after this offering, Jackson may convert the Base Series E Preferred
Stock and Series E-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series E-1 Preferred Stock that remained outstanding into a secured
note that is substantially similar to the Second Amended and Restated 12 Senior Secured Note originally due September 30, 2022 (as amended,
the 2020 Jackson Note ). On April 8, 2021, the Limited Consent and Waiver was extended to June 17, 2021. 

Jackson
also entered into a Limited Waiver and Agreement with us on February 5, 2021, whereby Jackson agreed that it would not convert any shares
of the Base Series E Preferred Stock or Series E-1 Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock or exercise any warrants to purchase
shares to the extent that doing so would cause the number of our authorized shares of common stock to be less than the number of shares
being offered in the public offering of 3,642,547 shares of common stock, which closed on February 12, 2021. Jackson also waived any
event of default under the Series E Certificate of Designation and the 2020 Jackson Note that would result from us having an insufficient
number of authorized shares of common stock to honor conversions of the Base Series E Preferred Stock and exercise of Jackson s
warrants. On April 8, 2021, the Limited Waiver and Agreement was extended to June 17, 2021, and on May 6, 2021, in connection with the
Exchange (as defined below), the Limited Waiver and Agreement was extended to June 30, 2021. 

65 

On
May 6, 2021, we entered into an Exchange Agreement with Jackson, pursuant to which, among other things, Jackson agreed to exchange 6,172
shares of our Series E Preferred Stock and 1,493 shares of our Series E-1 Convertible Preferred Stock for an equivalent number of shares
of our Series G Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.00001 per share and Series G-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.00001
per share (collectively, the Series G Preferred Stock , and such transaction, the Exchange ). The Exchange
was consummated on May 6, 2021. 

On
July 21, 2021, we exchanged our outstanding shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock and Series G-1 Preferred Stock for senior
indebtedness by issuing to Jackson a new 12 Senior Secured Note, in aggregate principal amount of 7,733,000 (the New Note ),
which amount represented all of our outstanding Series G Preferred Stock and Series G-1 Convertible Preferred Stock held by Jackson as
of July 21, 2022. The New Note was deemed issued pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement. 

Under
the terms of the New Note, we were required to pay interest on the New Note at an annual rate of 12 , in cash only, accruing from and
after the date of the Note and until the entire principal balance of the Note shall have been repaid in full, and on and at all times
during which the Default Rate (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement) applies, to the extent
permitted by law, at an annual rate of 17 . The entire outstanding principal balance of the New Note was due and payable in full on September
30, 2022. Upon an Event of Default (as defined in the Amended Note Purchase Agreement), the principal of the New Note and all accrued
and unpaid interest thereon may be accelerated and declared or otherwise become due and payable in accordance with the terms of the Second
Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement. 

On
July 22, 2021 we entered into a Limited Consent with Jackson whereby, among other things, Jackson agreed that we could effect a registered
direct offering and concurrent private placement (the July 2021 Offerings and use 5 million of the net proceeds thereof
to pay accrued and unpaid interest and prepay a portion of the outstanding principal balance of the 2020 Jackson Note, notwithstanding
certain provisions of the certificate of designation for the Series G Convertible Preferred Stock that would have required us to use
all the proceeds from the July 2021 Offerings to redeem the Series G Preferred Stock. 

On
April 18, 2022, we and Jackson entered into a limited consent and wavier (the Headway Limited Consent related to the Second
Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement. The Headway Limited Consent permitted, among other things, the Headway Acquisition and
issuance of Series H Preferred Stock, and additionally granted one-time waivers under the Second Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement
of (i) the occurrence of a breach of a financial covenant as of the first fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2022, and (ii) the delivery
of certain audited financial statements until May 2, 2022. 

On
each of September 28, 2022, October 13, 2022 and October 21, 2022, we and Jackson entered into a limited consents (the 2022 Limited
Consents related to the Second Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement. The 2022 Limited Consents each extended the maturity
date of the 2020 Jackson Note to October 14, 2022, October 21, 2022 and October 28, 2022, respectively. 

On
October 27, 2022, we entered into the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement with Jackson, and issued to Jackson the
Jackson Note, with a remaining outstanding principal balance of approximately 9,000. 

Under
the terms of the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement and the Jackson Note, we are required to pay interest on the
Jackson Note at an annual rate of 12 and in the event we have not repaid in cash at least 50 of the outstanding principal balance
of the Jackson Note by October 27, 2023, then interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Jackson Note shall continue to
accrue at 16 per year of the outstanding principal balance of the Jackson Note until the Jackson Note is repaid in full. The Third
Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement also extends the maturity date of the Jackson Note from October 28, 2022 to October 14,
2024. On October 27, 2022, in connection with the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, we issued to Jackson 100,000
shares of common stock (the Jackson Shares and a warrant to purchase up to 24,332 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of 3.06 per share (the Jackson Warrant ). The Jackson Warrant is exercisable six months from October
27, 2022, and expires on October 27, 2027. 

66 

Pursuant
to the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, we were required to file a resale registration statement with the SEC
covering the resale of the Jackson Shares and the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Jackson Warrant no later
than 60 days after October 27, 2022, and to use reasonable best efforts to have such registration statement declared effective
thereafter. Additionally, pursuant to the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, we agreed that upon the registration
statement being declared effective under the Securities Act, we shall also (i) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and
supplements to such registration statement and the prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep such
registration statement effective for the period of the distribution and to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with
respect to the disposition of all securities covered by such registration statement in accordance with Jackson s intended
method of disposition, (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the securities covered by such registration
statement under the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as the sellers of securities or, in the case of an
underwritten public offering, the managing underwriter, may reasonably request, and (iii) notify Jackson when the prospectus or any
prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and, with respect to such registration statement or any
post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, of any request by the SEC for
amendments or supplements to such registration statement or to amend or to supplement such prospectus or for additional information,
of the issuance by the SEC of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of such registration statement or the initiation of any
proceedings for that purpose. 

On
October 27, 2022, in connection with the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, we entered into an Omnibus Amendment
and Reaffirmation Agreement with Jackson, which, among other things, amended (i) the Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated
as of September 15, 2017, as amended, and (ii) the Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2017, as
amended, to reflect certain of the terms as updated and amended by the Amended Note Purchase Agreement. On October 27, 2022, in
connection with the entry into the Amended Note Purchase Agreement, we entered into Amendment No. 4 Amendment No. 4 to the Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement (as amended, the Existing Warrant with Jackson. Pursuant to Amendment
No. 4, the exercise price of the Existing Warrant was reduced from 60.00, such exercise price adjusted to give effect to the
1-for-6 reverse stock split effectuated on June 30, 2021, and the 1-for-10 Reverse Stock Split, effectuated on June 23, 2022, to
 3.06 per share. The term of the Existing Warrant was also extended to January 26, 2028. Pursuant to the Existing Warrant, as
amended from time to time, Jackson may purchase up to 15,093 shares of common stock. 

On
October 27, 2022, in connection with the Amended Note Purchase Agreement, the Jackson Note and Amendment No. 27, by and between us and
MidCap, we, Jackson and MidCap entered into the Fifth Amendment, which amended the Intercreditor Agreement, dated September 15, 2017,
by and between is, Jackson and MidCap, as amended. The Fifth Amendment, among other things, permits the increase of the credit commitments
under the Credit and Security Agreement, as amended by Amendment No. 27, to 32.5 million. 

Director
Independence 

Please
see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Independence of Directors . 

67 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

BDO
USA, LLP served as our independent registered public accounting from 2017 through August 26, 2022. On August 26, 2022, the Audit Committee
engaged Baker Tilly US, LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for Fiscal 2022. The aggregate fees billed for Fiscal
2022 and Fiscal 2021, for professional services rendered by the principal accountant are as follows: 

Fiscal 2022 
 Fiscal 2022 
 Fiscal 2021 

BDO USA, LLP 
 BAKER TILLY US, LLP 
 BDO USA, LLP 
 
 Audit Fees 
 553 
 467 
 1,137 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 
 41 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 553 
 508 
 1,137 

Audit
Fees were for professional services necessary to perform an annual audit of the financial statements, review of quarterly reports
and other services required to be performed by our independent auditors. 

Audit-Related
Fees , if incurred, were for services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements
including the support of business acquisition and divestiture activities and services related to financing transactions. 

Tax
Fees were for tax compliance, tax planning, and tax advice. Corporate tax services encompass a variety of permissible services, including
technical tax advice related to U.S. and international tax matters; assistance with foreign income and withholding tax matters,
assistance with sales tax, value added tax and equivalent tax related matters in local jurisdictions; preparation of reports to comply
with local tax authority transfer pricing documentation requirements; and assistance with tax audits. 

All
Other Fees were for all other products and services provided by our principal accountant. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedure for Audit Services 

The
audit committee has developed policies and procedures regarding the approval of all services that are to be rendered by our independent
registered public accounting firm, as permitted under applicable laws, and the corresponding fees for such services. Consistent with
these policies and procedures, all audit services and non-audit services and all fees associated with such services performed by our
independent registered public accounting firm in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 were pre-approved by audit committee. 

68 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1)
Financial Statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, which are set forth in the index to Consolidated Financial
Statements on pages F-1 through F-51 of this report. 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedule: None. 

(3)
Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and between Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc., a Nevada corporation (previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 15, 2017). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated September 15, 2017, by and among Staffing 360 Georgia, LLC, first PRO Inc., first PRO Georgia LLC, April F. Nagel and Philip Nagel (previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 19, 2017). 
 
 2.3 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated April 18, 2022, by and between Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. Headway Workforce Solutions, Inc. and Chapel Hill Partners, LP as the Sellers Representative (previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 20, 2022). 
 
 2.4 
 
 Amendment to the Stock Purchase Agreement, dated May 18, 2022, by and between Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. Headway Workforce Solutions, Inc. and Chapel Hill Partners, LP as the Sellers Representative (previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 19, 2022). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (previously filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 15, 2017). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (previously filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 15, 2017). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 3, 2018). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 4, 2015). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series B Preferred Stock (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 31, 2015) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series C Preferred Stock (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 7, 2016). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series increasing the number of authorized Series C Preferred Stock (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 22, 2016). 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 15, 2018). 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Designation of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 15, 2018). 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, dated February 7, 2019 (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 11, 2019). 
 
 3.11 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation of Series E Preferred Stock, dated October 23, 2020 (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2020). 
 
 3.12 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series F Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 27, 2021). 
 
 3.13 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock, dated May 6, 2021(previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 12, 2021). 
 
 3.14 
 
 Certificate of Correction to Certificate of Designation of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock, dated May 11, 2021 (previously filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 12, 2021). 
 
 3.15 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as filed on June 30, 2021 with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2021). 
 
 3.16 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as filed on December 27, 2021 with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 28, 2021). 
 
 3.17 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series H Convertible Preferred Stock, dated May 23, 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 24, 2022). 
 
 3.18 
 
 Certificate of Designation of the Series J Preferred Stock of the Company, dated May 4, 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2022) . 

3.19 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. filed on June 23, 2022 with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 23, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Subordinated Secured Note issued to Jackson Investment Group LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 31, 2017) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Warrant issued to Jackson Investment Group LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 31, 2017). 
 
 4.3 
 
 April Note, dated April 5, 2017, issued to Jackson Investment Group LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 
 
 4.4 
 
 10 Subordinated Secured Note, dated August 2, 2017, issued to Jackson Investment Group, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 8, 2017). 

69 

4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant issued to H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC s designees on December 29, 2020 (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 28, 2020). 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Warrant issued to H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC s designees on December 31, 2020 (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 31, 2020). 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form of Warrant (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 27, 2021). 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 27, 2021). 
 
 4.9 
 
 Form of Warrant (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2021) . 
 
 4.10 
 
 Form of Wainwright Warrant (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2021). 
 
 4.11 
 
 Form of Warrant (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2021). 

Form of Wainwright Warrant (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2021). 
 
 4.12 
 
 Form of Warrant (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 24, 2021) . 
 
 4.13 
 
 Form of Wainwright Warrant (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 24, 2021). 
 
 4.14 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021). 
 
 4.15 
 
 Form of Warrant (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021). 
 
 4.16 
 
 Form of Wainwright Warrant (previously filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021). 
 
 4.17 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2022). 
 
 4.18 
 
 Form of Warrant (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2022). 
 
 4.19 
 
 Form of Wainwright Warrant (previously filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2022). 

4.20 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023). 
 
 4.21 
 
 Form of Common Warrant (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023) 
 
 4.22 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (previously filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023) 
 
 4.21 
 
 Description of Securities (previously filed as Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 24, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Form of Deed of Restrictive Covenant by and between Brendan Flood and the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 7, 2014). 

10.2 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, by and among Linda Moraski, PeopleSERVE, Inc., PeopleSERVE PRS, Inc. and the Company, dated May 17, 2014 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 20, 2014). 
 
 10.3+ 
 
 2014 Equity Compensation Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.35 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on September 15, 2014). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Credit and Security Agreement, dated April 8, 2015, by and among PeopleSERVE, Inc. and Monroe Staffing Services, LLC, as borrowers, the Company, as a credit party, MidCap Financial Trust, as agent and lender, and certain other lenders as the case may be (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 9, 2015). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Credit and Security Agreement, dated April 8, 2015, by and among PeopleSERVE PRS, Inc., as borrower, MidCap Financial Trust, as agent and lender, and certain other lenders as the case may be (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 9, 2015). 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated July 8, 2015, by and between Alison Fogel and Lighthouse Placement Services, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 14, 2015). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Credit and Security Agreement, effective August 31, 2015, by and among PeopleSERVE, Inc., Monroe Staffing Services, LLC, Faro Recruitment America, Inc. and Lighthouse Placement Services, LLC as borrowers, the Company, as a credit party, MidCap Financial Trust, as agent and lender, and certain other lenders as the case may be (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 4, 2015). 

70 

10.8 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Credit and Security Agreement, effective August 31, 2015, by and among PeopleSERVE PRS, Inc. as borrower, MidCap Financial Trust, as agent and lender, and certain other lenders as the case may be (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 4, 2015). 
 
 10.9+ 
 
 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form S-8, filed with the SEC on October 2, 2015). 
 
 10.10+ 
 
 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 27, 2017 (through an incorporation by reference from Appendix D to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on December 21, 2016). 
 
 10.11+ 
 
 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 27, 2017 (through an incorporation by reference from Appendix E to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on December 21, 2016). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated January 25, 2017, by and among the Company and Jackson Investment Group LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 31, 2017). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Security Agreement, dated January 25, 2017, by and among the Company, Jackson Investment Group LLC and the U.S. Subsidiary Guarantors (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 31, 2017). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Pledge Agreement, dated January 25, 2017 by and the Company, Jackson Investment Group LLC and the U.S. Subsidiary Guarantors (previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 31, 2017). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Subordination Agreement, dated January 25, 2017, by and among Midcap Funding X Trust, Jackson Investment Group LLC, the Company and the U.S. Subsidiary Guarantors (previously filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 31, 2017). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Amended Warrant Agreement, dated March 14, 2017, between the Company and Jackson Investment Group LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 20, 2017). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Amended Purchase Agreement, dated April 5, 2017, by and among the Company, Jackson Investment Group LLC and certain subsidiaries of the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Second Amendment, dated April 5, 2017, by and among the Company and Jackson Investment Group LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 

10.19 
 
 Amended Subordination Agreement, dated April 5, 2017, by and among Midcap Funding X Trust, Jackson Investment Group LLC, the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Second Amended Purchase Agreement, dated August 2, 2017, by and among the Company, Jackson Investment Group, LLC and certain subsidiaries of the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 8, 2017). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Second Amended Subordination Agreement, dated August 2, 2017, by and among Midcap Funding X Trust, Jackson Investment Group, LLC, the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 8, 2017) . 
 
 10.22 
 
 Intercreditor Agreement, dated September 15, 2017, by and among Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc., certain subsidiaries of Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc., MidCap Funding X Trust and Jackson Investment Group, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 19, 2017). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated September 15, 2017, by and among Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc., Longbridge Recruitment 360 Limited and the holders of outstanding shares of CBS Butler Holdings Limited (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 19, 2017). 

71 

10.24 
 
 Amendment No.8 to the Credit and Security Agreement, dated September 15, 2017, by and among Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc., certain subsidiaries of Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and MidCap Funding X Trust (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 19, 2017). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Agreement for Purchase of Debt, dated February 8, 2018, between CBS Butler Limited and HSBC Invoice Finance (UK) Limited (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 13, 2018). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Agreement for Purchase of Debt, dated February 8, 2018, between The JM Group (IT Recruitment) Limited and HSBC Invoice Finance (UK) Limited (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 13, 2018). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Agreement for Purchase of Debt, dated February 8, 2018, between Longbridge Recruitment 360 Ltd and HSBC Invoice Finance (UK) Limited (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 13, 2018). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Agreement for Purchase of Debt, dated June 28, 2018, between HSBC Invoice Finance (UK) Limited, and Clement May Limited (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 5, 2018). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Term Loan letter agreement, dated June 26, 2018, between HSBC Bank plc, and Staffing 360 Solutions Limited (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 5, 2018). 
 
 10.30 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated August 27, 2018, by and among Monroe Staffing Services, LLC, Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and Pamela D. Whitaker (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 2, 2018). 
 
 10.31 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement, dated August 27, 2018, between the Company and Jackson Investment Group, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 13, 2018). 
 
 10.32 
 
 Amendment No.10 and Joinder Agreement to Credit and Security Agreement and Limited Consent, dated August 27, 2018, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company and MidCap Funding X Trust (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 13, 2018). 
 
 10.33 
 
 First Omnibus Amendment, Joinder and Reaffirmation Agreement, dated August 27, 2018, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, and Jackson Investment Group, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 13, 2018). 

10.34 
 
 12 Senior Secured Note, due September 15, 2020, issued on August 27, 2018, to Jackson Investment Group, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 13, 2018). 
 
 10.35 
 
 First Amendment to Intercreditor Agreement, dated August 27, 2018, by and among Jackson Investment Group, LLC, the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, and MidCap Funding X Trust. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 13, 2018). 
 
 10.36 
 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Note, by and among certain subsidiaries of the Company and MidCap Funding X Trust (previously filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 13, 2018). 
 
 10.37 
 
 Debt Exchange Agreement, dated November 15, 2018, by and between the Company and Jackson Investment Group LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.91 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on November 16, 2018). 
 
 10.38 
 
 Second Omnibus Amendment, Joinder and Reaffirmation Agreement, dated November 15, 2018, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, and Jackson Investment Group, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.92 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on November 16, 2018). 

72 

10.39 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement, dated November 15, 2018, between the Company and Jackson Investment Group, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.94 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on November 16, 2018). 
 
 10.40 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 22, 2019, by and between the Company and the Purchaser signatory thereto (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2019). 
 
 10.41 
 
 Placement Agency Agreement dated January 22, 2019, between the Company and ThinkEquity (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2019). 
 
 10.42+ 
 
 Employment Agreement with Alicia Barker dated June 19, 2018 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.97 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on January 31, 2019) . 
 
 10.43+ 
 
 Severance Agreement with Christopher Lutzo (previously filed as Exhibit 10.98 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on January 31, 2019). 
 
 10.44 
 
 Waiver Agreement - Series A Preferred Stock (previously filed as Exhibit 10.99 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on January 31, 2019). 
 
 10.45 
 
 First Amendment to 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.100 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on January 31, 2019) . 
 
 10.46 
 
 Amendment No. 11 to the Credit Agreement dated February 7, 2019 by and among Midcap Funding X Trust, the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 10.101 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 25, 2019). 
 
 10.47 
 
 Third Omnibus Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreement dated February 7, 2019, by and among Jackson Investment Group LLC, the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 10.102 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 25, 2019). 
 
 10.48 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 8, 2019, between the Company and ThinkEquity (previously filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 11, 2019. 
 
 10.49 
 
 Amendment Agreement, dated February 27, 2019, by and among Staffing 360 Georgia, LLC, first PRO, Inc., first PRO Georgia, LLC, April F. Nagel and Philip Nagel (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2019). 
 
 10.50 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 29, 2019, by and between Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and the purchaser signatory thereto (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2019). 
 
 10.51 
 
 Placement Agency Agreement, dated July 29, 2019, by and between the Company and ThinkEquity (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 29, 2019). 

10.52 
 
 Fourth Omnibus Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreement, dated August 29, 2019, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company and Jackson Investment Group, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 30, 2019). 
 
 10.53 
 
 18 Senior Secured Note, due December 31, 2019, issued on August 29, 2019, to Jackson Investment Group, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 30, 2019). 
 
 10.54 
 
 Third Amendment to Intercreditor Agreement, dated August 29, 2019, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, Jackson Investment Group, LLC and MidCap Funding X Trust (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 30, 2019). 
 
 10.55 
 
 Amendment Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2019, by and among Monroe Staffing Services, LLC, Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and Pamela D. Whitaker (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2019) . 
 
 10.56+ 
 
 General Release and Severance Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2019, by and between Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and David Faiman (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 17, 2019). 
 
 10.57 
 
 Note between Monroe Staffing Services, LLC and Newton Federal Bank, dated May 12, 2020 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 15, 2020). 
 
 10.58 
 
 Note among Key Resources Inc., Lighthouse Placement Services, LLC, Staffing 360 Georgia, LLC and Newton Federal Bank, dated May 20, 2020 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 26, 2020) . 
 
 10.59+ 
 
 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 1, 2020) 

73 

10.60+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 1, 2020). 
 
 10.61+ 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (previously filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 10, 2020). 
 
 10.62+ 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 1, 2020). 
 
 10.63 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2020, by and among Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc., Staffing 360 Georgia, LLC and FirstPro Recruitment, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 29, 2020). 
 
 10.64 
 
 Amendment No. 17, dated October 26, 2020, to Credit and Security Agreement with MidCap Funding IV Trusts (previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2020). 
 
 10.65 
 
 Amended and Restated Senior Secured 12 Promissory Note issued on October 26, 2020, to Jackson Investment Group, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2020). 
 
 10.66 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 30, 2020, by and among Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and certain institutional and accredited investors (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 31, 2020). 
 
 10.67 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated December 23, 2020, between Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 28, 2020). 
 
 10.68 
 
 Engagement Letter, dated December 21, 2020, between Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2020 
 
 10.69+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated June 29, 2020, by and among Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and Khalid Anwar (previously filed as Exhibit 10.57 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on January 12, 2021). 
 
 10.70 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 27, 2021). 

10.71 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 27, 2021). 
 
 10.72 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated May 6, 2021 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 12, 2021). 
 
 10.73 
 
 Side Letter Agreement Regarding Amendment to NPA, dated May 6, 2021 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 12, 2021). 
 
 10.74 
 
 Limited Waiver and Agreement Letter, dated May 6, 2021 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 12, 2021). 
 
 10.75 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2021). 
 
 10.76 
 
 Limited Consent (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2021). 
 
 10.77 
 
 12 Senior Secured Note (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2021). 
 
 10.78 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2021). 
 
 10.79 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 24, 2021). 
 
 10.80+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 3, 2014, by and among Staffing 360 Solutions Limited (f/k/a Initio International Holdings Limited) and Brendan Flood (previously filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 7, 2014). 
 
 10.81+ 
 
 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 15, 2021). 

74 

10.82+ 
 
 Amendment to the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 28, 2021). 
 
 10.83 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, by and among Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and the purchasers thereto (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021). 
 
 10.84 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and the purchasers thereto (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021). 
 
 10.85 
 
 Amendment No. 20 to the Credit and Security Agreement, dated April 18, 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 20, 2022). 
 
 10.86 
 
 Limited Consent and Waiver to Second Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated April 18, 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 20, 2022). 
 
 10.87 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, by and among Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and the purchasers thereto (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 7, 2022). 
 
 10.88 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and the purchasers thereto (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 7, 2022). 
 
 10.89 
 
 Amendment No. 23 to the Credit and Security Agreement, dated September 26, 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 30, 2022) 
 
 10.90 
 
 Amendment No. 24 to the Credit and Security Agreement, dated September 29, 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 30, 2022). 

10.91 
 
 Limited Consent and Waiver to Second Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated September 28, 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 30, 2022). 
 
 10.92 
 
 Amendment No. 25 to the Credit and Security Agreement, dated October 13, 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2022). 
 
 10.93 
 
 Limited Consent to Second Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated October 13, 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2022). 
 
 10.94 
 
 Amendment No. 26 to the Credit and Security Agreement, dated October 20, 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 25, 2022). 
 
 10.95 
 
 Limited Consent to Second Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated October 21, 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 25, 2022). 
 
 10.96 
 
 Third and Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated October 27, 2022, by and between the Company and Jackson Investment Group, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022). 
 
 10.97 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Senior Secured 12 Promissory Note issued on October 27, 2022 to Jackson Investment Group, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022). 
 
 10.98 
 
 Omnibus Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreement, dated October 27, 2022, by and between Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and Jackson Investment Group, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022). 
 
 10.99 
 
 Amendment No. 4, dated October 27, 2022, to Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement, by and between Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and Jackson Investment Group, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022). 
 
 10.100 
 
 Amendment No. 27 to the Credit and Security Agreement, dated October 27, 2022, by and between Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and MidCap Funding X Trust (previously filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022). 
 
 10.101 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Intercreditor Agreement, dated October 27, 2022, by and among Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc., Jackson Investment Group, LLC and MidCap Funding X Trust (previously filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022). 
 
 10.102+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 18, 2022, by and between Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. and Joe Yelenic (previously filed as Exhibit 10.105 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on January 19, 2023). 
 
 10.103 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023). 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from BDO USA LLP to the SEC, dated August 31, 2022 (previously filed as exhibit 16.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 31, 2022). 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Baker Tilly US, LLP. 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm BDO USA LLP. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith 

Furnished herewith 
 
 + 
 Management
 contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Certain
 of the schedules (and similar attachments) to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5) of
 Regulation S-K under the Securities Act because they do not contain information material to an investment or voting decision and
 that information is not otherwise disclosed in the Exhibit or the disclosure document. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish a
 copy of all omitted schedules (or similar attachments) to the SEC upon its request. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

75 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

STAFFING
 360 SOLUTIONS, INC. 

Date:
 May 19, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Brendan Flood 

Brendan
 Flood 

Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 May 19, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Nick Koutsivitis 

Nick
 Koutsivitis 
 Senior
 Vice President, Corporate Controller 
 (Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Brendan Flood 
 
 Chairman,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 May
 19, 2023 
 
 Brendan
 Flood 

/s/
 Dimitri Villard 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 19, 2023 
 
 Dimitri
 Villard 

/s/
 Nicholas Florio 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 19, 2023 
 
 Nicholas
 Florio 

/s/
 Jeff Grout 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 19, 2023 
 
 Jeff
 Grout 

/s/
 Vincent Cebula 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 19, 2023 
 
 Vincent
 Cebula 

/s/
 Alicia Barker 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 19, 2023 
 
 Alicia
 Barker 

76 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Staffing
360 Solutions, Inc. 

 Nasdaq:
STAF 

List
of Subsidiaries 

Domestic
(U.S.) subsidiaries: 

Faro
Recruitment America, Inc. 

 Monroe
Staffing Services, LLC 

 Lighthouse
Placement Services, Inc. 

 Key
Resources Inc. 

 Headway
Workforce Solutions, Inc. 

England
and Wales subsidiaries: 

Staffing
360 Solutions (Holdings) Limited 

 Staffing
360 Solutions Limited 

 The
JM Group (IT Recruitment) Limited 

 CBSbutler
Holdings Limited 

 CBSbutler
Limited 

 Clement
May Limited 

 Clement
May Africa (Pty) Limited 

NASDAQ:
STAF 

Staffing
360 Solutions, Inc. 

757
Third Avenue, 27 th Floor New York, NY 10017 

 646.507.5710
 www.staffing360solutions.com 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 OF
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Brendan Flood, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. Registrant ); 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 May 19, 2023 
 /s/
 Brendan Flood 

Brendan
 Flood 

Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 OF
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Nick Koutsivitis, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. Registrant ); 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 May 19, 2023 
 /s/
 Nick Koutsivitis 

Nick
 Koutsivitis 

Senior
 Vice President, Corporate Controller 
 (Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 OF
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 

 PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U. S. C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 Report ), I, Brendan Flood, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Nick Koutsivitis, Senior
Vice President, Corporate Controller of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 May 19, 2023 
 /s/
 Brendan Flood 

Brendan
 Flood 

Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 May 19, 2023 
 /s/
 Nick Koutsivitis 

Nick
 Koutsivitis 

Senior
 Vice President, Corporate Controller 
 (Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed from within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We hereby consent to the
incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (Nos. 333-268883, 333-266162, 333-261020, 333-256393, 333-259137
and 333-228448), on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-221281, 333-216666 and 333-231949) and on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-260284 and 333-207265) of Staffing
360 Solutions, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company ), of our report dated May 19, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial
statements, which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our report contains an explanatory paragraph
regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

/s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP 

Uniondale, New York 

 May 19, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 7
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit
23.2 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Staffing
360 Solutions, Inc. 

New
York, New York 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (Nos. 333-268883, 333-266162, 333-261020,
333-256393, 333-259137 and 333-228448), on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-221281, 333-216666 and 333-231949) and on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-260284 and
333-207265) of Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. of our report dated June 24, 2022, relating to the consolidated financial statements which
appear in this Form 10-K. Our report contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

/s/
BDO USA, LLP 

New
York, New York 

 May
19, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 staf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 staf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 staf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 staf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

